
@_date: 2009-07-31 22:34:21
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Paul Krugman on the limit of markets and healthcare 
Today is the 44th year anniversary of Medicare (socialized health insurance for those 65 and older, and a few others) in the USA.
Just for future reference in seeing the limits to the market, a recent blog post by Paul Krugman:
   "Why markets can?t cure healthcare"
"There are two strongly distinctive aspects of health care. One is that you don?t know when or whether you?ll need care ? but if you do, the care can be extremely expensive. The big bucks are in triple coronary bypass surgery, not routine visits to the doctor?s office; and very, very few people can afford to pay major medical costs out of pocket. ... The second thing about health care is that it?s complicated, and you can?t rely on experience or comparison shopping. (?I hear they?ve got a real deal on stents over at St. Mary?s!?) That?s why doctors are supposed to follow an ethical code, why we expect more from them than from bakers or grocery store owners. ..."
Paul Krugman has written similar things in the past in more detail,
   "The Health Care Crisis and What to Do About It"
   but finally people seem to be paying attention; he got more 827 responses to that recent blog post before closing it for comments.
There was an amusing attempt today by a liberal Democrat (Rep. Anthony Weiner, D-NY) to eliminate socialized Medicare in the USA, intended to call the Republicans hypocrites in terms of "put up or shut up", and it got zero    I was a little disappointed that his next step, a proposal for Medicare for all in the USA (a very straightforward thing for the electorate to understand), was lost in some compromise to have talks later on single payer insurance (something that has been "off the table" in all previous negotiations). It would have been great to see Medicare-for-all come to a vote now (even if it lost), because, with every representatives vote on record, it could have become a popular rallying point for future elections, even for a complete political upheaval for more support for third parties like Greens in the congressional elections next year.
   "Single Payer Gets A Vote"
   I am seeing more and more this health care struggle in the USA is another aspect of a more general issue of social equity in a world of increasing abundance in the face of an increasing rich-poor divide (like by rent-seeking doctors off their MD degrees given their monopoly status and insurance companies off their market position and control of Congress. :-) Ownership by the wealthy of ever better robots and ever better patented and copyrighted designs related to medicine only increases that divide.
But, unlike the basic income situation about paying for food, consumer items, and rent (which are fairly predictable), the unpredictable nature of medical expenses suggests they should be handled outside a basic income. Or, social insurance for medical expenses can essentially be seen as a part of a person's basic income that is never directly received but instead goes to fund health insurance for all. So, in that sense, Medicare for all could be seen like a basic income that pays a health insurance premium. So, from that perspective, any plans in the USA for Medicare-for-all are really basic income plans, even if they are not explained that way (including by people like Paul Krugman).
I guess I've lost interested in the US health care debates now that I have come to believe a basic income, or really a basic income plus health care (essentially Social Security and Medicare for all), is the *only* way to make markets work anymore for humans in the face of rising automation and better design (I say "only" even as, no doubt, there can be different ways of implementing such a thing as patchworks). I expect this will become more and more evident over the next ten years or so. In the context of my belief that such a plan is the *only* future way forward that makes any long term sense (as long a we have a market-focused economy), all the current debate seems pretty ludicrous half-measures and appeasements to currently strong corporate interests. All the counter arguments by the conservatives just seem ludicrous in ignoring the trends about both abundance and unemployment I have been posting on (and the Triple Revolution irony of increasing poverty from unemployment in the face of a potentially abundant market). That does not mean the outcome of the debate is not important to real people right now, just that, for me, the debate is no longer about analyzing long term trends or coming up with broad ideas that are sustainable; the debate is really just about short term politics (as important as that is), or, ideally, but unlikely, educating people about these long term issues. A short YouTube video about health care as it relates to abundance and unemployment (so, a basic income) might have some small chance of becoming popular and at least getting out some ideas for down the road.
Long term, for a market to work, we'll need to put a such a basic income system in place funded by taxes or other means (or transcend the market towards local peer production including 3D printing, a gift economy related to exchange or a commons, or similar things, with likely there being a mix of approaches for a time -- hopefully avoiding war and universal prison/schooling as the two other "solutions" to this mathematical equation).
Here is a long list I put together of ways the government can fund things without direct taxes on income or property:
  "Re: Eighth Congress of the U.S. Basic Income Guarantee Network"
  The preamble from one of my own proposals from a while back, before I really saw how big the "basic income" movement was or even understood that was the right term:
"A modest proposal for transitioning the USA to a post-scarcity paradigm"
It seems that, sadly, we can expect zero privacy in our personal affairs in
the USA between warrantless wiretapping and banks and ISPs rolling over for
any governmental request for any reason. The US government is now
underwriting all the major banks and the three major US car companies to the
sum of approaching about a year's GDP. And the Fed is now doing
"quantitative easing" which is Fed speak for printing money. This is all
very *radical* (and hypocritical) compared to the ideology espoused by most
political and economic leaders in the USA historically. We are now in
uncharted territory. So, since privacy is history, and banks are now socialized enterprises, and the main engines of US manufacturing (the car companies) are now run as welfare organizations for all those US Americans who otherwise would lose their jobs, and I could say more on what's going wrong but won't here, how can we get something  good out of this spirit of radical innovation by our leadership by looking on the bright side? :-) ...
Again, I feel the relevance of that issue to peer-to-peer is that better social support for everyone translates into more time at a higher quality of health to engage in peer-to-peer activities, whether local production or gifts to commons. I think it is fair to suggest that gift economies may be more likely to happen in situations of abundance than scarcity. A government wealth transfer program to create a baseline of prosperity for all is thus indirectly fostering the further development of a gift economy, because people may give things to a commons or to peers with more confidence they can still survive in the future. This is more like hunter/gatherer times, when almost everyone knew how to survive meagerly from the bounty of nature, so sharing a big find of meat or pretty rocks or a new rhythm did not ever risk a person's basic livelihood. So, the exchange part of that economy (even as an indirect exchange of gifts to a tribe or commons, not as barter or for money) was above the subsistence part. But, in today's economy, for most people, there is no way to survive without depending on the market (or perhaps dumpster diving). This is a big change from the last global depression, where most people either lived on a farm or had a relative who lived on a farm. Now, few people know anyone who farms, so subsistence does not seem like an option.
By the way, my previous (long) post on the evils of modern schooling seems to be unable to get through SPAM filters from some use of various terms (at least from my systems). In there was a a teeny-tiny positive part with a core idea of taking existing infrastructure like school buildings and repurposing them as community centers, which, ironically, might eventually mean their vast expansion and increasing prestige and salaries for administrators and teachers: :-) From;
  "Terrafoam and schooling and peer networks (was Re: US/European...)"
"But maybe if every family could just use the school building as a hangout
place when they wanted, then it could be like a community center for everyone?"
"But then how would children learn anything?"
"They'd learn from their parents, from friends, from relatives, from
neighbors, from the community."
I should have added a section there to realizing the school was not big enough to hold every one who might want to use it then. So, the school would have to be added on to so it could have all the facilities any community might like to have in a learning center (a machine shop, a garage, a rifle range, organic gardens, a freecycle center, and so on). And thus increasing the administrator's job security. :-)
But anyway, creating public schools that are like public libraries might, from a basic income perspective, also be done on a insurance basis in a way, that part of the basic income was directed to a network of such schools. I'm not sure if that would be better than a free market solution for such education, but it would be a way to build on existing infrastructure as well as preserve the jobs of existing school employees.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-02 10:36:02
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Towards a post-scarcity New York State of mind 
New York State current spends roughly 20,000 US dollars per schooled child
per year to support the public school system. This essay suggests that the
same amount of money be given directly to the family of each homeschooled
child. Further, it suggests that eventually all parents would get this
amount, as more and more families decide to homeschool because it is
suddenly easier financially. It suggests why ultimately this will be a
win/win situation for everyone involved (including parents, children,
teachers, school staff, other people in the community, and even school
administrators :-) because ultimately local schools will grow into larger
vibrant community learning centers open to anyone in the community and
looking more like college campuses. New York State could try this plan
incrementally in a few different school districts across the state as pilot
programs to see how it works out. This may seem like an unlikely idea to be
adopted at first, but at least it is a starting point for building a
positive vision of the future for all children in all our communities. Like
straightforward ideas such as Medicare-for-all, this is an easy solution to
state, likely with broad popular support, but it may be a hard thing to get
done politically for all sorts of reasons. It might take an enormous
struggle to make such a change, and most homeschoolers rightfully may say
they are better off focusing on teaching their own and ignoring the school
system as much as possible, and letting schooled families make their own
choices. Still,homeschoolers might find it interesting to think about this
idea and how the straightforward nature of it calls into question many
assumptions related to how compulsory public schooling is justified. Also,
ultimately, the more people who homeschool, the easier it becomes, because
there are more families close by with which to meet during the daytime
(especially in rural areas). And sometime just knowing an alternative is
possible can give one extra hope. Who would have predicted ten years back
that NYS would have a governor who was legally blind and whose parents had
been forced to change school districts just to get him the education he
needed? So, there is always "the optimism of uncertainty", as historian
Howard Zinn says. We don't know for sure what is possible and what is not.
I recently wrote a very long (and probably way over-the-top :-) screed
against compulsory schooling, comparing it to a dystopian future envisioned
by Marshall Brain where most people end up in "Terrafoam" welfare housing. A
tiny excerpt:
   "Terrafoam and schooling and peer networks"
Then, we can dispense with the childcatchers we pay so well in the USA:
    and justify with this sort of rhetoric:
    "School truancy is when a student is absent from school without permission.
Truancy can be a serious problem, especially when children are left alone
with no adult supervision. At worst, truancy can lead to violent crime. At
least, it can lead to an unsuccessful, unproductive life. Read on to learn
how to launch your career as a truant officer."
   See, that is the false choice -- suggesting you either confine a child to
prison or they will commit their first violent crime and have to be
imprisoned. That is a very dim view of human nature, neighborhoods and
families. Yet, it is a self justifying view, in part destroying the very
neighborhood fabric it claims to be defending. So, we are left with streets
that are safe because there are no people on them. We have successfully
destroyed the village in order to save it, using compulsory schooling
instead of napalm.
Frankly, writing that screed left me feeling very unhappy. When one really
dwells about the enormity of what goes on inside most Prussian-derived
schools when seen from either a democratic or homeschooling perspective, or
how they create a Silent Spring of empty streets, it is a very heavy weight
on your heart (like the world in Madeleine L'Engle's "A Wrinkle in Time").
Homeschoolers can at least save their own kids from Prussian schooling, but
they cannot save their kids from having to deal with the results of an
undemocratically and authoritarianly Prussian-schooled society, or
essentially, living in 1850s Prussia (but 150 years later on another
continent, as John Taylor Gatto suggests). Still, it is very sad to think
about all the lives cut short in some way by schooling (usually just cut
short psychologically, but sometimes also physically). So, I wrote this new
essay in part to cheer myself up and atone for writing such a scathing
document about compulsory schooling. So, here is something that in the end
is much more positive and suggests a specific action plan and why that plan
makes sense both for homeschoolers and everyone else. I also stuck a bit of
humor in the middle, envisioning what an economic recovery and politics in
NYS might look like if it flowed from the suggestions here. :-)
This essay builds on the most positive part of that screed, where in the
context of an imaginary conversation with my local school district
"But maybe if every family could just use the school building as a hangout
place when they wanted, then it could be like a community center for everyone?"
"But then how would children learn anything?"
"They'd learn from their parents, from friends, from relatives, from
neighbors, from the community."
So, this essay builds towards how such a thing might work in practice.
I've seen slightly different figures about the cost per child in school in
New York State as an average. It seems to me it is about $20,000 per child
in school per year for NYS. The exact figure may depend on what you count.
I'd suggest it might even be a lot higher if you count in the economic
impact of lost creativity and lost happiness and lost opportunities, but
I'll go with just the direct dollar costs.
I've seen that $20K figure here, by a conservative-libertarian group:
   "A look at the numbers explains why: New York has one of the largest
private-school populations in the country, with almost 16 percent of all
K-12 students opting out of government institutions. And when all costs are
counted, the state's public schools spend a whopping $20,000 per pupil."
And there is a fairly similar figure here:
"The state Commission on Property Tax Relief, headed by Nassau County
Executive Thomas Suozzi, found that New York schools outside of New York
City spend more per student than any state in the nation - an estimated
$18,768 this school year."
It sure is strange then, that kids are running away from all that money
spent on their behalf as "truants". Very strange. Related:
"Education at Gunpoint - Legal Force a Misguided Way of Ending Truancy"
If school was a family, someone might even be calling in a government agency
to investigate why the kids were running away so often. It is unlikely that
a government agency would return children to the school's custody until they
had satisfied the agency that school was a good place to be for all the
children. School saying the trouble was that those youths were just bad
children who deserved to be punished more would not cut it, would it? And
school saying $20K per child was not enough to "help" them might be a bit
hard to believe, too. Clearly, if viewed as a family, school would be seen
as dysfunctional, likely because it was excessively authoritarian, but also
because it was being neglectful of many individual children's needs,
overwhelmed by its large family size (millions of unique kids but only one
parent, the state, with one standardized parenting method for all of them).
I would not have thought about this issue this way except for a calculation
in NYS Teacher of the Year John Taylor Gatto's online book:
   "The cost in New York State for building a well-schooled child in the year
2000 is $200,000 per body when lost interest is calculated."
That's a lot of money. Why would anyone run away from that much money?
Well, there are reasons to run away from lots of money, but they are
different than why kid run from schools:
"Why Affluent, High-Achieving Teens Are Often Depressed"
Costs have gone up since 2000, of course, with productivity rising in the
USA about 20% (even if real wages for most have gone down). And Gatto's
subsequent mathematical calculation in that paragraph about this are flawed
(essentially, he counts interest twice to come up with a million dollars per
child, and I have pointed that out to him). But I can cut him a lot of slack
for getting at the heart of the problem even if some details are confused.
He is one of New York State's true heroes, IMHO. This essay and this
essayist owes a lot to him.
The heart of the matter Gatto raises is that NYS is spending a lot of tax
money on children every year, but who gets to make those decisions about why
and how that money is spent?
I am suggesting that the parents (and over time, the child) are in the best
position to make those decisions about how to spend that money.
And even if parents are not able to make such decisions well at first, would
that not be another example of the failure of previous schooling of the
parents, and a reason for trying something new and giving it a chance to
work out over time? :-)
At $20K a year, with 9% annual interest (stocks), that would be about
half-million dollars in future value for thirteen years of K-12 schooling
(delivered when a child turns eighteen). Or, at 5% interest (bonds), that
would be about $350K in future value. This assumes no inflation, otherwise
things get even messier. That's how much kids don't get in money when they
get handed a piece of paper that is a high school diploma. That is what that
diploma has cost them, besides thirteen years of much of their waking hours.
So, the deal of school is, not only are you in prison for thirteen years,
but you essentially get a six figure fine, too. All for being guilty of
youth, another thing that is removed as well in the process. So school takes
your money, your time, and your youth, and you are supposed to be happy
about all that because it gives you a piece of paper in the end. Presumably,
by that logic, armed robbers will stop being convicted if they start giving
But the key point is, anyway you count it or invest it, hundreds of
thousands of dollars is a lot of money. It's a vast amount of money. It is
an amount of money that is a big chunk of most working people's lifetime
earning, especially if the have minimum wage jobs. It is like the amount of
money so many working people who play the lottery dream of getting if they
win, with dreams it would change their life. Yet, in a way, every child born
in NYS has already essentially won the lottery at birth, being born into
such a great state with so many amazing people producing so much wealth, and
with much of that wealth being directed somehow (through taxes) towards
children. These newborns just have been prevented from collecting their
lottery winnings. :-( Instead, that money is drained away in other
directions, to prop up an obsolete schooling system designed around an
outdated 1850's Prussian society, along with all the other negative economic
and negative social consequences that flow from that in the 21st century.
Those interest rates are somewhat historical, as right now rates on most
investments are obviously pretty low as the economy collapses. That collapse
is a related issue to schooling. Why train kids for an 1850s lifestyle
anticipated to be revolving around jobs that will likely be automated or
redesigned out of existence soon (like with robots or 3D printing), as
opposed to just using the same money to give them a basic income for life
and letting them build in their own lifestyle by extra work on that base?
So, if we do see a jobless recovery, as some economists expect, then for
most kids, I can wonder if they would be better off without the high school
diploma but with the money when they turn eighteen. They could use it to buy
a house and a safe car. Over the past year, well schooled 20-somethings have
been rioting in Greece because there are no jobs for them. Is that otherwise
our future in New York State?
"Are the Greek riots a taste of things to come?"
Or, perhaps, children could get the money in the form of a monthly annuity,
so they might not even have to "work" once they graduate, unless they wanted
more than a subsistence life (which no doubt many would)? For any child who
wanted to work in the arts, or to be a writer or poet, or to be a free
software developer, or to work at a struggling non-profit is a volunteer,
that supplemental basic income for life might make such career paths much
more feasible. So, school is really closing out those options of public
service to a digital gift economy or physical voluntary economy for all but
the wealthiest and luckiest children who can afford to take low-paying jobs
but still have a trust-fund lifestyle.
For more on that last idea of a basic income for everyone in society:
      Still, it is possible it would be better for the kids and their parents to
get the money now, to use in building a better life now. Because, who knows
if there will even be a future if we can't make a better now? So, maybe kids
should get that money now, not after they turn eighteen?
Following the basic income idea, and unlike some libertarian-leaning
homeschoolers, I don't object to NYS saying it will tax wealth from the
community to redistribute it to children (or anyone else). As was suggested
in the Triple Revolution memorandum given to President Johnson in 1964, a
revolution in modern cybernetic technology (robots, automation, better
design, telecommunications) is breaking the link between having a job to do
and having a right to consume. I also don't object to any state holding in
trust other sources (like Alaska's Permanent Fund related to leasing natural
resources) to give money directly to citizens or to spend money on their
behalf for public works. Like the original natives of NYS, I feel every
human being has a claim on part of their surrounding commons whether they
"work" for others or not. The US Constitution already borrows heavily from
the Iroquois Confederacy, and most of the positive changes to it have been
just adding in more of the Iroquois Confederacy's features, like giving
women the right to vote. :-) So, one could see this proposal in that light,
of affirming some more traditional New York State values. :-) Obviously, you
still need to bother to pick up your basic income check or to go to an
abundant nature for picking up fruit or other sustenance in the old days;
see "The Original Affluent Society" by Marshall Sahlins for more on that theme.
So, I don't object to paying a fair share of taxes on labor I perform or
assets I own (even as people can legitimately argue about what is "fair"
based on disagreeing values and assumptions). The USA had lots of general
prosperity back when marginal taxes were 94% after WWII. This reflects the
idea that markets are better at creating wealth than they are at
distributing it.
Still, as a parent, I *do* object to *not* having much of a choice as to how
that $20K per child per year is spent in regards to my own specific child.
Right now, there is only one option to access that annually available $20K,
which is to put a child into a local public school, to become part of a
system of what Gatto calls Prussian-derived education designed to meet the
needs of a 19th century society. Maybe Prussian-derived extremely
hierarchical schooling made sense 150 years ago; maybe it did not. But in
the 21st century, especially with the internet, I would expect we could do
better, focusing more on learning-on-demand (like through using the
internet) than learning-just-in-case (like following a state-wide curriculum
based around the idea that one-size-fits-all). So, the current system is
actively suppressing diversity. We need a better balance of top-down
hierarchies and bottom up grassroots meshworks (to borrow from Manuel de
Landa) in order to deal with the challenges and opportunities of the 21st
century. It is true kids need to learn to be part of a society, but they
need to learn to be part of a 21st society, with its opportunities and
pitfalls, not an 1850s Prussia.
For most homeschooling families (typically with two or three kids) giving
the same amount of money otherwise spent on schooling per child directly to
the families would mean $40K to $60K in extra annual income for those
families. For many families currently homeschooling, that might mean either
lots of extra travel and tutoring and educational toys as well as less
parental anxiety about money. There would be even more options for children
to develop unique interests to make their own unique contributions to
society. Or, instead, that extra money might mean both parents could choose
to be home to help with raising the kids instead of needing one in the
workforce. Either way, one might expect the children of homeschooled
families to then be better off and achieve more for themselves and society
than by being in school. They might potentially achieve *much* more than
most schooled kids in some case. In general, they and their families just
might be a lot happier, which would be a big win even if they are not much
more productive in other ways. Happiness in the now has a lot to be said for
it, given such an uncertain future. And happiness now might lead to
happiness later. And, for many people, learning and "hard fun" (Papert) are
some of the best sources of happiness. And more often as not, school is
actually in the way of such happiness through learning.
For families with two or three kids that don't currently homeschool, the
possibility of getting such a payment would make the choice to homeschool
much more feasible. For two or three kids, or $40K to $60K per year, that
amount is about the median US family income. And it is approaching a big
chunk of the median NYS income for a family of four.
   "New York State Median Income for FFY 2008/2009"
   So, by itself, it is enough for most families to live off of, if they are
frugal, and they would have more free time for being frugal.
Naturally, this benefits should extend to private schoolers too, to be fair.
So, for example, the world-renowned democratic Albany Free School (which
still costs some money) could then think about expanding statewide in
hundreds of locations for the families where both parents decide to keep
working outside the home, by helping local communities make their own free
schools with related educational communities of networked families. There
might be no end of educational alternatives created to suit unique needs and
special circumstances, and there would be plenty of money in the hands of
all families to spend on these diverse alternatives. Truly, no child would
be left behind, only for real this time, and all would be on a bus going to
a happier place than mainstream school as we know it now.
The cost to the state of all these changes would ultimately be minimal. Only
current homeschoolers or private schoolers would cost the state any new
costs, which according to the Cato figure above would be about 18% or so
(16% private schoolers plus 2% homeschoolers). While significant, those
costs might be more than offset by lower crime rates and greater industrial
productivity from a more uniquely educated and more creative population. In
the long term, this process might produce a vast increase in the wealth of
New York State, but more importantly, it would produce a vast increase in
the *happiness* of New York State.
Naturally, if this proved popular, there might be a huge demand by people in
other states to move back to New York State, leading to a state wide housing
boom, and rising real estate values again, as well as greater demand for all
sorts of services and products. So, this might be a huge win for every New
Yorker, rather than just listening to the current moaning about people
leaving New York State due to high taxes. The biggest issue is maybe not the
taxes you pay but what you get for them, and whether your job or pension
pays well enough so you are happy not just despite the taxes, but because of
the taxes.
Why would someone wealthy be happy despite high progressive taxes, up to 94%
in the past in the USA, where the poor pay nothing but the wealthy pay a
lot? Because you have guaranteed medical care including access to huge and
normally mostly empty emergency rooms (sized for pandemics and disasters,
not routine needs). Because you are surrounded by happy kids, and everyone
smiles at you, and so your community has safe streets. Because when you drop
your wallet on the ground it comes back to you with more money than was in
it to begin with. Because there are an endless array of products and
services available to spend your money on, and many more for free. Because
every pregnancy is celebrated as another guest for an ongoing village party.
And so on. You are no longer a Tom Golisano living in the one gold hut in a
Prussian village of one hundred mud huts occupied by depressed villagers all
complaining about high taxes (with your gold hut payed for by your cleverly
removing the need for many village jobs by inventing Paychex, which would be
a great thing to do if the increasing wealth was shared, but it wasn't).
Instead, you are a more enlightened multi-millionaire Tom Golisano happily
paying vast amounts of taxes that go directly to individuals as a basic
income to be spent in the market you are so good at improving. So, you are
living in a happy and healthy post-scarcity 21st century New York State
civilization, where everyone is helping each other, and everyone on the
street says, "Thanks Tom, for simplifying our lives and bringing more wealth
and happiness to our community with information technology". It is said, "Be
careful where your treasure is, for there will your heart be also." Or, I
might add, your long term security. Is it better that your treasure and
security be a village of happy people living in abundance (so, you have
wealthy friends everwhere if you get hurt), or is it better that your
treasure and security be a pile of gold you hoard? The thing is, the gold
can't love you. Money is a tool, like a shovel. And while money can't buy
you love, money well spent (or time with a shovel) can help create a village
infrastructure that helps let love happen naturally everywhere. This is the
decision we need to make as a society. It matters little to most what
decisions Tom Golisano makes, or whether he spends more time in Florida or
New York these days, What really matters are the attitudes of all the
billionaire wannabees in New York State who want to follow in Tom Golisano's
footsteps and win the billionaire lottery to escape a dreary existence in
the 1850s Prussia we have recreated for ourselves in NYS. Those are the
people who shape much of our politics today, as the shock troops for the
current collapsing order of things:
   "The Wrath of the Millionaire Wannabe's"
   And it is in large part for those billionaire wannabes out there for which
this essay is written. Stop shooting yourself in the wallet by trying to buy
a lottery ticket out of 1850s Prussia. Start making the place around you
better by more enlightened social policies, and raising happier families,
and building better communities, in part by supporting better ways of
spending progressive tax dollars that are already being spent on schools.
Start with New York State and the go global. The best way to get out of
1850s Prussia, so that no child is left behind, is to make where we live
into a 21st century New York State. That is a place that doesn't exist yet
by these "standards", even as the government and schools inside which we are
living liks to *pretend* that where we live now is a 21st century New York
State. Ultimately, the 21st century is a post-scarcity state of mind.
The terrorists on 9/11 did not destroy our future in New York State, because
we had no future, only a past we are living in together with them and
Prussian-style governments and Prussian-style schools and Prussian-style
politics. We need to leave that *all* behind in the past by moving onto a
post-Prussian future. A post-scarcity future. A happy global village future.
A future that goes full circle back to the better parts of our
hunter/gatherer past in terms of abundance and gift-giving. New York State
has all the resources it needs to do that, just by itself.
But it doesn't need to do it by itself. The entire globe wants this change,
and it working towards it. Or as Paul Hawken puts it:
   "From billion-dollar nonprofits to single-person dot.causes, these groups
collectively comprise the largest movement on earth, a movement that has no
name, leader, or location, and that has gone largely ignored by politicians
and the media. Like nature itself, it is organizing from the bottom up, in
every city, town, and culture. and is emerging to be an extraordinary and
creative expression of people's needs worldwide."
Still, New York does not do things in a vacuum. If employees of various
companies start demanding to be relocated to New York State over this one
issue, of $20K per child going directly to families instead of to schools,
New York might see an enormous influx of new companies for its tax base.
Every artist and writer in the country with kids might want to move to New
York State. New York State might see an enormous increase in its cultural
capital, which again would attract people wanting a good place to live, even
if they do not have children. It would be hard not to be hopeful for New
York, surrounded by so many families with children, so many artists,
writers, poets, innovators, and so on.
Of course, other states would notice New York State's success and emulate
it, so in the long term I doubt New York State would get overcrowded to the
point where families with young children were seriously stressing the
system. But New York might still have a relative advantage for a time in
attracting families and companies.
If such a change was made, then there might also be an enormous pressure by
homeschoolers to *increase* the mandated compulsory age all the way to
birth, in order to get $20K per child from birth for all families. Which is
something many NY legislators have long been pushing for, on behalf of the
teacher's union, with homeschoolers pushing back because of not wanting
additional paperwork. So, this is a win/win solution, at least on that
issue, as far as I am concerned. :-)
And there might even be some push on the other side, to extend this benefit
to age twenty-one or beyond, maybe even someday up to age sixty-five when
Social Security starts. :-) That of course would mean a huge tax increase,
but by then New York State might be such a hub of global innovation that the
people of NYS could easily pay for that all and have more money than they do
now left over after taxes.
Granted, a lot of this is handwaving about what people from other states do
in relation to NYS and about how much the economy would grow from this new
strategy. If there is a weak point in this proposal, it is that a local
initiative in this direction may have issues that a national or global
initiative along the same lines would not have, like if lots of poor people
moved to NYS and just became a burden on the state without offsetting
advantages. That has been a historic complaint in relation to NYS tax policy
(and "welfare trains"). So, exploring that aspect would be essential in
building a better case for this change, including thinking about what role
the Federal government would need to play eventually, if any.
So, yes taxes might go up some, especially if some poor people move to New
York State just for this reason. But, Europe has somewhat higher taxes than
the USA, but they also have much happier kids. So, sometimes we do need to
make a choice. But the biggest choice is really in how we spend our money,
and this proposal puts control of that in the hands of parents (and,
gradually, their children) to spend the money through the market. This idea
would be actively trying to do something about this issue that has been
totally ignored by the mainstream press:
"British and American Children Are the Worst Off in the Industrialized World"
This approach is not the same as "vouchers", because those (as proposed) are
only a small fraction of the total cost of public schools, and most vouchers
can only be spent at other formal schools. So, vouchers just continue to
support the same (according to Gatto) broken system. This idea of giving the
cash directly to the families with children is much more flexible and
comprehensive than vouchers.
Is this unfair to families without kids? It's too bad we can't ask Mother
Theresa. Still, everyone benefits from happier communities. Everyone,
whether they have kids or not.
Some homeschoolers (especially propertarian-libertarian ones) have said in
response to this idea that it would better to just eliminate the school tax
altogether, but that misses out on the value of a society directing
substantial resources to help the youngest members of the society (and the
families they grow in). The market may be good at producing wealth (ignoring
externalities it causes like pollution), but the market is often pretty bad
at distributing wealth. Simply eliminating the property tax most
homeschoolers pay to support public schools in most cases would be a much
smaller amount than the cost per child spent by NYS. For example, most
families with two kids might save, say, $4K in taxes rather than get $40K in
extra income. The school tax is already there, so it makes sense to think
about how NYS can get more benefit out of such a progressive idea, rather
than throw it away entirely.
Also, in the past when I have raised this issue elsewhere, some
homeschoolers suggest that if the state paid money to each family, this
would mean the state would get more into regulating homeschooling. As in,
"Be glad you don't get all the government you pay for". :-) But I don't see
that New York State would have any constitutional basis for that (but I
might be wrong), and in any case, NYS is already involved in overseeing home
education. So, especially if NYS homeschooling families having a lot more
pocket money to pay for legal defense (or legal campaign contributions :-),
I'd suggest that that scenario is not an issue to worry about. In fact, I'd
suggest if homeschoolers got $20K per child per year, they would have so
much economic and political power that even the current regulations would be
changed to be more like those in New Jersey (where you pretty much don't
even have to do any reporting. :-) With so much income going to
homeschoolers, and so reducing the pressure on those families to work as
much outside the home, then a lot more people could afford to be as learned
and as generous with their time as John Munson of the New York Home
Educators Network (NYHEN).
   For example, it has taken thousands of hours for me to develop these sorts
of ideas and read on these sorts of topics (even as incomplete and roughly
presented as they are). That was made possible only by my wife's past career
success at working half-time for a good income, and so letting me be a
stay-at-home Dad also with time for other things like reading and writing
about homeschooling and unschooling and lots of other social change topics.
I'd like everyone to be able to do that if they wanted while still having
time for their kids, and this plan would accomplish that.
Think what the NYS homeschooling movement would be like with hundreds of
people around like NYHEN's John Munson, or thousands, or even tens of
thousands. While everyone is different, more homeschooling parents would
have the time to develop as homeschooling advocates with more income in
their own unique ways, since they could work less outside the home. They
would also have more money for hiring tutors or babysitters now and then.
So, more people could follow in John Munson's footsteps, but again, in their
own unique ways as appropriate for their own circumstances and neighborhoods.
Sometimes one person (or a small group) is denied a chance to do something
on the argument that others of different circumstance and less skill might
do it too and get hurt. I still remember in kindergarten when I was told I
could not climb a tree using a ladder I had found because other, younger
kids, might try that too and get hurt. But sometimes the opposite happens,
and the one person (or small group) can get the right for all people to do
something (like Susan B. Anthony, based in Rochester, NY, worked long and
hard to get women the right to vote, although she was helped by others in
that struggle). So, I am trying to get the right of economic freedom for all
people, via a basic income, starting with families with children.
What is freedom if you can not use it to help free others? What is wealth if
you can not use it to help make others wealthy? (To paraphrase from Theodore
Sturgeon, in his intro to "The Skills of Xanadu" in "The Golden Helix".)
    Whether or not this approach is politically feasible right now, it seems to
me that this is what the economic landscape of fairness for homeschooled
children and their families would look like. Maybe sometimes we are too
afraid of just defending the hard won right to homeschool that we do not
push towards more equity? Now, that fear may be justified, because the
school system is indeed powerful, with lots of damage they can do to
people's lives by abusing their power. But ultimately, even if we are afraid
of something, we may still need to take non-violent action. And sometimes,
the best defense is to move forward in some different way, like a
non-violent way that is win/win for (almost) everyone. And anyone who would
suffer under this plan could perhaps be made whole in other ways.
NYS thinks it is valid to make claims on my time in terms of paperwork about
my child who is of "compulsory" age. But sometimes obligations work both
ways, otherwise they are unfair. Would it make sense to write to Governor
Paterson and ask for $20K a year then, as part of the idea of reciprocal
obligations? If the funding of the school system is justified by the benefit
to the children, then in some sense is not each homeschooled child
"entitled" to $20K a year from NYS (as much as anyone is "entitled" to
anything)? Is not the current policy of *not* giving money directly to
homeschooling families to spend as they choose then *discriminatory* against
my child and my family? Would this even possibly be the basis of a statewide
or countrywide class action lawsuit, including to recoup the past decades of
economic unfairness to all homeschooling families? I don't plan on doing
that, but it is interesting to think about, or ask for commentary on it. :-)
Yes, I know that paying reparations for discrimination would only accelerate
NYS's or even the USA's financial crisis. The government would suddenly be
on the hook for many billions of dollars owed to past homeschooling families
(even though there seems to be no problem with the Federal government
printing money when it will go directly to bankers). But if schooling really
worked so well, why are all these well schooled people messing up so much
with the economy? And why are all the well schooled voters letting them? So,
in my mind at least, there seems some grounds for such a claim of
discrimination against people of good will trying something different, given
that NYS will readily spend money on children put into a system that has
proven inadequate to the needs of the 21st century.
Public school systems might have a valid practical objection that they have
fixed costs for a physical plant and various salaries and pensions
regardless of how many children they have under their control. Still, if
most families chose to do home-based education, then schools could be
repurposed as homeschool resource centers. They could essentially become
like public libraries where anyone who wanted to learn anything could come
there and use the facilities. Public libraries seem to be working out quite
nicely. So, the physical plant and administrative salaries might remain in
any case. But the staff might have to study somethings about how public
libraries interact with patrons.
Assuming that most people begin to choose this option of receiving the $20K
directly. School enrollment would begin to decline, leaving empty classrooms
and underutilized other facilities like gyms and kitchens. Imagine if
everyone in the community could use the school building at any time for any
vaguely educational purpose, including just hanging out there to interact
with other homeschoolers by their choice. Ironically, then there might be a
demand by the local community to actually *increase* the size of schools.
There might be a demand for adding more conference rooms, bigger
playgrounds, better libraries, machine shops, organic gardens, cafes, rifle
and archery ranges, more computers, yoga studios, better kitchens,
automotive repair bays, a cafe, or anything else you might find at a YMCA or
TechShop, or at any other informal educational facility like a museum or
planetarium or space camp or whatever. With the rapid growth of FabLabs and
3D printing, schools might also expand greatly in their shop courses and
other vocational training aspects, stuff that is now just after-hours "adult
education". Schools might all get a new facility as part of a proposal for a
resurgence in local manufacturing nationwide:
   "21,000 Flexible Public Fabrication Facilities across the USA"
   And for any new services related to public schools that were fee-for-service
(for some reason to kids not otherwise directly enrolled in full-time
programs at the school that served as day-care), homeschoolers would have
plenty of money to pay for them an desired based on the annual $20K per
child payment. So, for example, schools might charge homeschooler for sport
coaching or science laboratory use or foreign language classes, but
homeschoolers would have the means to pay for just the parts they wanted.
And homeschoolers would have the ability to walk away if classes were not
meeting their needs and to spend the money given to them elsewhere, same as
with adult education classes or college courses. So schools might have to
become more responsive places, and this change in culture would then improve
the life of even the children who did not have the option to leave the grounds.
On a practical basis, schools would have to rethink the nature of their
security policies as they became more open places mixing adults and children
like public libraries do. Still, homeschoolers manage to operate in village
settings and mixed settings, so humans have thousands of years of experience
making such things work well enough. No doubt many proposals could be
developed to make such places safe for everyone. But, it is true, such
places might have to tolerate some degree of risk for some degree of reward.
That itself might be a huge change in school culture. Still, despite all the
criminal background checks on teachers, abuse of all sorts goes on in
schools from a very few of the teachers, so the current system has problems.
Further, the school system itself in some ways is abusing children by its
very structure, whether from modeling authoritarian bullying, forcing
children into social situations day after day from which there is not
escape, or boring some children and frustrating others (and boredom and
frustration year after year could be considered a form of torture). So, it
is not clear that schools would really be more dangerous than they already
are now, all things considered. In any case, public libraries manage to deal
with the problem of mixing people of all ages (though in part due to
parental vigilance for young kids), so this is another thing that schools
could study. Technology like bracelets or necklaces with an integrated GPS
and cell phone and streaming video cameras for young children or transparent
surveillance for certain areas (where anyone could look at the security
cameras through the internet) might be another aspect of this. Security is a
complex subject, especially with a tradeoff with privacy, and no doubt many
people would work very hard to make such open schools as intrinsically
secure as possible. Still, ultimately, we have to rely on a basic confidence
that most people most of the time will do the right thing, and that the
benefits to most of being social and having places to learn together will
outweigh the problems cause by the few very rotten apples.
Schools might decide to specialize as well, perhaps negotiating with
neighboring schools on what made sense, so some schools might have amazing
state-of-the-art planetariums, or some might have nanotech fabrication
centers and electron microscopes, while others might have lots of space for
dramatic productions, and others might develop amazing playscapes, while
others might have incredible toy libraries. Schools could then form a
network, and perhaps then use their vast fleets of yellow buses to allow
anyone to travel between schools or ship physical materials for educational
purposes, as a sort of "public logistics network". Again, parents might need
some way of being confident that network was a safe place for their kids to
be if they traveled unaccompanied. Since transportation takes time, people
still might view some school district as a better match for their family's
interests than others. So, they might have to choose whether they would
rather live in a school district with a better nanotech lab or a school
district with a better space program or one with better stages for live
These might be difficult choices, but they would be different ones than,
say, when a Realtor was showing us a house in Chappaqua, NY and said that
you could tell the school district was one of the "best" in the country
because the teen suicide rate was so high. :-( So, again, such schools as I
am proposing here might be much safer for kids in many ways, even as they
may be slightly more dangerous in others.
   "Gever Tulley on 5 dangerous things for kids"
   So, ironically, if schools were to give in gracefully to this idea, they
might even get bigger as they got more voluntary and broadened their
missions to include people of all ages learning anything. :-) So, the
current school superintendents would become more like college campus
presidents, and thus get more prestige, bigger offices with larger staffs,
and of course, bigger salaries to go with that all. :-)
Naturally, as schools expanded, this might cause various urban planning
problems, and parking issues, and demands for more local public transit to
get to them, and so on, but presumably we have a lot of good urban planners
in NYS who could help with that, even as they might quickly feel pressured.
Likewise, a rapid increase in construction and renovations around schools
might cause various local shortages of construction workers and other
tradespeople and so on. Likewise, all the families with young children
moving to the state would strain the capacity of real estate agents, and
overload the malls, and create traffic jams near supermarkets and toy
stores. The new businesses moving into New York following the best workers
(who would be attuned to new trends and want the best for their kids, or
even just in case they might have kids soon, or might want to visit their
grandkids, or visit their other relatives with kids) would put a huge
pressure on New York's legal professionals for handling all the new business
deals. The NYS Department of Taxation and Finance would face an enormous
crisis of processing an increased number of corporate tax returns from all
these new businesses blossoming in the state, causing follow-on difficulties
in hiring professional workers throughout the entire Capital Region. Many
people manning the unemployment office at the New York State Department of
Labor would no longer be needed and so would be unceremoniously laid off and
need to go on unemployment insurance until they could find good jobs working
at the NYS Department of Taxation and Finance. An people from around the
country and around the world traveled to New York to see what all the fuss
was about, hotels and airports would be jam packed with tourists, creating
considerable logistics difficulties in turn for their suppliers. Entire new
cities with millions of new residents would be constructed in upstate NY,
creating huge conflicts about environment issues, like where to put all the
solar panels coming out of the nanotech centers near Albany. In all, it
would be a real mess, and the Governor's office would be strained greatly in
keeping up with all the growth and change.
Still, I would expect most New Yorkers would feel like those were good
problems for the state to start having right now. :-)
But it would rapidly get even worse. The state legislature might once again
be in crisis and get locked out, this time after the top leadership gets so
tired staying up late trying to read report after report of success stories
and new developments that they would forget where they put the key to the
Senate chamber. Fortunately, some overworked legislators who fell asleep in
session as they trying to keep up with everything going on in NYS,
especially the mysteriously increasing tax revenues, would open the door
from the inside. Many people might start longing for the "good old days"
when things were quieter, especially if that billionaire who changed his tax
home to Florida to avoid NYS taxes, Tom Golisano, decided to move his tax
home *back* to New York State to take advantage of all the prosperity, and
to have another run at being governor, this time, after reversing his
ideology, and running on a platform of *raising* taxes since it seems to be
working so well. Tom Golisano's return to NYS politics would force a fierce
debate, that everyone would soon get sick of, over whether the issue was
really the tax rate, or if it was more what you got for your taxes, like
whether people can easily afford any taxes because they create a booming
economy if well invested in true education. People would grow tired of
discussions about how best to share prosperity brought about by taxing a
growing market fueled by New Yorkers imaginations, and by spreading the
wealth around as a basic income to all New Yorkers to keep the economy
humming. Tom Golisano would say this web page was just intended as a
publicity stunt to raise consciousness about good tax policy before his
"Why I?m Leaving New York (but still trying to change it)" by Tom Golisano
Roles would get confusingly reversed in that electoral campaign. :-)
Governor Paterson would be forced to go on record saying NYS tax rates were
too high because of the stress forced on the NYS legislature by coming up
with ways to spend all the new money being produced by all the breakthroughs
coming out of New York State companies from all these creatively educated
people. He would campaign to lower tax rates substantially to help his
colleagues cope with an embarrassment of riches, but the public sentiment
would be for raising taxes even higher and giving more money to families
with children and the open schools, since it worked well the first time.
This would put the compassionate Governor Paterson in a difficult political
situation of whether to go with public sentiment or to stand with his
stressed-out previous colleagues in the state Senate. It would be an ugly
campaign, with Tom Golisano accusing Governor Paterson of being anti-growth
with Paterson's plans to lower taxes, and Governor Paterson appealing to the
people of NYS to have compassion for the people running the legislature and
the Department of Taxation and Finance who were having problems processing
so many corporate tax returns. Tom Golisano would say Governor Paterson was
recklessly risking New York State property values by messing with the new
economic magic. Paterson would counter that property values in NYS were too
high and that several new cities were being constructed upstate to keep
property values under control for young people. Golisano would in return
threaten to move to New Hampshire, which by then would have put in place the
highest taxes in the USA on income and property. New Hampshire would also
have changed their state slogan to "Live *for* free or die", in accord with
a theory that soon automation and better design would put everyone out of
work and they would starve without a basic income; New Hampshire would
eliminate the local school tax in favor of a general tax and a statewide
monthly basic income payment of $2000 per person plus medical care to all
citizens regardless of age or wealth. Paterson in turn suggest a similar
idea was under study in New York, and that emigration to New Hampshire for
Golisano might be a good idea anyway though. Things would get really ugly
after that. Still, most New Yorkers would yawn at the frontpage headlines,
same old, same old, and turn to the homeschool page in the news, not very
concerned about economic issues anymore, and being far more concerned with
their children's continuing education and their own, just for fun.
Anyway, it's fun to imagine what a successful recovery in NYS might look
like. :-) We sure need a little bit of hope these days.
   "New York Tax Receipts Fall, Create $2.1 Billion Gap"
   As Albert Einstein said, you generally can't solve problems by using the
same sort of thinking that created them.
One may ask the very fair question of what would happen to teachers if the
money went directly to parents instead of schools. For most teachers who are
any good, there would be an enormous demand for their tutoring by all these
homeschooling families with an extra $20K per child to spend, especially if
most NYS families decided to go that way and eventually diminished the need
for old-style large classroom teaching. These educators might make
good-enough money, if not more, and might enjoy their work a lot more
without school bureaucracy to wrestle with. So, any really good educator has
little to fear from this proposal. Such educators would become part of a
person-to-person learning network. They might face competition, including
from teenagers who have learned the best way to learn something is to teach
it, :-) but if they are truly good educators, they would still do well. A
good teacher, in a healthy relationship where both teacher and student are
learning at different rates, is irreplaceable -- and I have been blessed in
my life with many such good teachers, both in and out of the school system.
Teachers with their own children would benefit from $20K per child, and so
some might decide to just teach their own, and maybe to help neighborhood
kids now and then either for free or fee.
It is true that some not-so-good teachers might lose their jobs eventually,
or be unable to offer teaching services people wanted. This plan might
create problems for such teachers. But if they had, say, two kids, they
could live off of the $40K while they teach their own. :-) And, if these
not-so-good teachers have no children of their own, they could get jobs as
chaperones or nannies for a few children, helping those few children
navigate this new educational landscape, paid by parents who are unable to
homeschool during the day out of their $20K per child per year. So, parents
could afford to pay a teacher $60K to look after three children. Or, these
not-so-good teachers might decide to take up another career better suited to
their other talents. Or they might find that they are much better teachers
in small one-on-one settings.
Still, the transition would no doubt be somewhat stressful for many
teachers. But, the system is not supposed to be there mainly for the
teachers. It is ideally supposed to be there for the children and the
communities. And every teacher lives in a community, and most have children
of their own.
So, overall, for almost everybody, this is a win/win solution. And it is
heavily market-based while still maintaining the progressive aspects of a
school tax. It thus follows the US-specific guidelines for social change
outlined here:
   "Planning Through the Market: More Equality Through the Market System"
   One objection is that there are some "bad parents" out there who would take
$20K per child and spend the money on themselves for drugs and alcohol.
Well, it is true, that in some tiny fraction of families (1%? 5%?), that
might happen. However, even now, such "bad parents" exist and the school
system can do little to help with them, school itself even also being one
more "bad parent" for many unique children. Imagine if every family on a
block was homeschooling, with one parent (or even two parents) from each
household around the block all the time, and that all these other families
had a lot of income from this plan. Any child growing up in a neglectful
house next-door would then have lots of places to turn for help in this
local village ("it takes a village to raise a child"), lots of sympathetic
adults with their own children, willing to extend a helping hand to one more
kid. And it would be real neighbor-to-neighbor help, by neighbors with
significant incomes already related to helping children, not
institutionalized help that is often just someone going through the motions
or by someone who is overwhelmed and has no real solutions to offer. I would
suggest the overall outcome would be better across NYS, even for the cases
of children with neglectful parents, who would always remember the kindness
of the adults in their local village and want to follow that role model.
Also, many "bad parents" today may be cracking under the pressure of needing
to earn a living while raising kids in such kid-unfriendly communities, so,
this proposal might reduce the stress level of such parents, in turn
reducing the total amount of neglectful parents pursuing addictive escapist
behavior. No doubt there would still be some failures, but the current
system has lots of examples of schooled kids and their families failing
(including about 30% that don't graduate on time or at all), so this
approach doesn't have to be perfect -- it just has to be significantly
better that what we have now.
But isn't this just Soviet-Style "Communism"? The big difference is that the
money mostly goes to individuals to spend in the market, not by the state to
spend on their behalf, so the market structure is still in place. (Even
though one would expect a state to make some public investments into things
that only states could easily do or plan for.) It is true some millionaires
may be less motivated to become billionaires with a high progressive tax
rate or substantial property taxes (perhaps even progressive property
taxes). But, there are lots of people in New York State who would be willing
to work hard and create new businesses and new non-profits if given the
chance, but the can't for lack of money, because it usually takes money to
make money. This gives them the chance. So, the marketplace will function
better with wealth spread around, even if some millionaires may be
encouraged to enjoy their wealth more than try to get even more of it on
their way to financial obesity. Ultimately, all wealth rests on the commons.
And every human being has a claim on some part of the commons. But a market
system without regulation or taxation has no way of assuring everyone's
claim on the commons is recognized. That is why people starve or go homeless
amidst plenty (according to Frances Moore Lappe).
Some might argue that such a system would just get families to have more
children. Well, really, what is wrong with that? Most of the industrialized
world is facing lower than replacement birth rates, in part because raising
children is so hard in a consumerist society. It is hard work raising kids
well (even as it is best not to think of it as "work"), as any parent soon
discovers (although it is rewarding hard work in many ways, even if not
financially rewarding). Why discourage that hard work of being a good
parent? Why not help those who want to be parents be the best parents they
can be, including by taking away financial worries? And between Nanosolar PV
electric panels, algae turned into biofuels, zero-emission manufacturing,
advanced recycling, 3D printing, organic farming, composting toilets, and
even newer new technologies (thing that are in the works that do more with
less or make new resources available in environmentally responsible ways),
there is no reason more children can not be accommodated in NYS or on the
Earth. And NASA has in the past had plans for ways to support literally
trillions of people in space habitats in the long term. Other people are
developing ways to live on human-made islands in the oceans, with beachfront
property for almost everyone. So, there is plenty of room for more people to
live in harmony with Gaia. And the more well educated imaginative people
there are, the more people there are to solve the challenges of the 21st
century and beyond, as Julian Simon suggests in "The Ultimate Resource".
That is the major reason why in NYS adopted this policy it would become a
model of success the entire country, and even the world. Redirecting this
money would free the imagination of all New Yorkers to soar and bring
abundance to New York and then the entire planet and solar system. Sure,
there would be more kids someday. Maybe even trillions of happy kids
throughout the solar system. Let us hope.
There is another valid objection by schools that "special needs" kids should
get a bigger amount of the funding, and so they could not give everyone the
average. One possibility is to give a lesser amount to every family
(excluding the special needs aspect of the budget), and shift the special
needs funds to a needs-based charity program like Medicaid which would then
be responsible for providing supplemental funding for acknowledged medical
or psychological issues. Many of the families with the most profoundly
disabled children already can get Medicaid for their children, so this might
not be much more paperwork. This would breaking the link between labeling
kids and the schools power over families. Then, any family with "special
needs" (however that is defined), would make their case to Medicaid and
receive money to spend on whatever educational services were appropriate
from whoever supplied them (public or private). For families with kids who
have some lesser special needs (dyslexia, speech therapy, special
interests), the extra $20K per family would be spent as the family wished to
get what services they needed, given, to an extent, all kids are "special".
So, I suggest that New York State pick a few districts, and try out this
idea. I'd volunteer mine, but it might seem to self-serving. :-) But I have
little doubt that if a few districts tried this, within a few years, all
school districts in New York State would start moving to this new model of
letting the parents decide how to spend $20K a year per child. And the New
York State economy would start to grow again, faster and faster. From:
  "The continuance of the income-through-jobs link as the only major mechanism
for distributing effective demand ? for granting the right to consume ? now
acts as the main brake on the almost unlimited capacity of a cybernated
productive system."
Anyway, just more procrastination while I need to fill out NYS homeschooling
paperwork. :-)
--Paul Fernhout
Note: I hereby put the text of this message under the Creative Commons
Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported license:
   Feel free to forward.

@_date: 2009-08-02 17:24:38
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Towards a post-scarcity New York State of mind 
Ten years ago, I would have written much the same reply as you have in response to someone saying let's give US$20K per child each year to parents instead of to a state institution. I'll try to explain what I know now that I didn't know then, or how my values have shifted.
Let's go point by point through these objections and see how we differ in assumptions and values in the context of shifting the balance back towards a more person-to-person meshwork educational system, as opposed to being way out towards a state-to-person hierarchical educational system.
By the way, as a start, a stigmercically peer-developed resource about    Strangely enough, I've never thought to look at that page before now. I see an interesting study listed there that I had not seen before (or remembered if I had):
During this time, the American educational professionals Raymond and Dorothy Moore began to research the academic validity of the rapidly growing Early Childhood Education movement. This research included independent studies by other researchers and a review of over 8,000 studies bearing on Early Childhood Education and the physical and mental development of children.
   They asserted that formal schooling before ages 8?12 not only lacked the anticipated effectiveness, but was actually harmful to children. The Moores began to publish their view that formal schooling was damaging young children academically, socially, mentally, and even physiologically. They presented evidence that childhood problems such as juvenile delinquency, nearsightedness, increased enrollment of students in special education classes, and behavioral problems were the result of increasingly earlier enrollment of students. The Moores cited studies demonstrating that orphans who were given surrogate mothers were measurably more intelligent, with superior long term effects ? even though the mothers were mentally retarded teenagers ? and that illiterate tribal mothers in Africa produced children who were socially and emotionally more advanced than typical western children, by western standards of measurement.
   Their primary assertion was that the bonds and emotional development made at home with parents during these years produced critical long term results that were cut short by enrollment in schools, and could neither be replaced nor afterward corrected in an institutional setting. Recognizing a necessity for early out-of-home care for some children ? particularly special needs and starkly impoverished children, and children from exceptionally inferior homes? they maintained that the vast majority of children are far better situated at home, even with mediocre parents, than with the most gifted and motivated teachers in a school setting (assuming that the child has a gifted and motivated teacher). They described the difference as follows: "This is like saying, if you can help a child by taking him off the cold street and housing him in a warm tent, then warm tents should be provided for all children ? when obviously most children already have even more secure housing."
OK, for the rest of this, bear I mind there is specific evidence suggesting early mainstream schooling is harmful to children even in the case where the parents are mentally retarded teenagers.
You can also see an emotional movie about that topic here:
   "I Am Sam is a 2001 drama film telling the story of a mentally challenged father and his efforts to retain custody of his daughter."
Although, in order to understand why school is still around as it is, it is important to understand that if the goal of powers in society is to produce more compliant workers for 19th century factories and more obedient soldiers as cannon fodder, and to prevent most people in the society from forming productive peer networks, then emotionally and intellectually damaging children from a young age is probably a good idea. :-( Even to the point of convincing the children this damage is being done for their own good, and for the good of all of society.
Yes, I used to believe this too. :-) Even despite my own experiences. :-)
=== democracy
If the goal is to get children to participate as informed citizens of a democracy, then why are not all schools structured as democracies where children can learn about issues important to them, vote on how to structure their surroundings, and see the effects of their voting? Clearly such schools exist and have generally good results:
   So, if the alternative works, then why are so many things about mainstream schools undemocratic? Why are school newspapers censored? Why do students have no rights about the privacy of their lockers? Why do kids need special permission to go to the bathroom? Why are children rarely allowed to talk to each other for most of the day? And so on.
Clearly, schools as currently structured teach one how to survive in an authoritarian country like North Korea, not a democratic one. Is this the kind of collective citizenship you are saying they should learn? Obviously not. So, why do you think schools teach democracy? It is true that schools teach *about* democracy in the same way they may teach *about* dictatorships. And if you get lucky, like I did, you might get a few classroom periods where there is a mock legislature deciding about national issues you have little understanding of, with the decisions having no impact on the actual school or neighborhood. Some few kids when they are seniors might get luckier, and may be encouraged to do a campaign about a local issue, it is true, but that is also no that common, and those issues would rarely impact the children's lives or the school structure or functioning. So, that's about it for most kids actually learning democracy by living it.
Given that school time takes up a big chunk of most young people's lives, and young people experience so much more that in new and so live more in each hour that older people, essentially, most of the time lived in our society that claims to be a democracy is lived in a dictatorship. So, is it any wonder the young don't vote? They've never had the experience of voting changing anything, unlike old people.
=== socialization
If the goal is to socialize children to function in a diverse society with a diversity of settings, then why do children in school generally only get to interact with peers of the similar age, demographics, and test scores? Why is there so much modeling in schools of authoritarian bullying, which in turn leads to children doing it to each other? Why are there cliques and even gangs dominating the social life many schools? Why, if in normal social interactions as adults you generally have the right to walk away from a relationship with a stranger if they are behaving badly, are children forced to be with the same children day after day even if they do not want to? Why, if the goal is socialization, are not children spending a lot more time in a variety of social situations than an authoritarian class room? And so on.
Let's see what some science says:
   "And Shyers, from the secular perspective of his research, looked at how homeschooled children treat other children. Shyers found no significant difference between his two groups in scores on the Children's Assertive Behavior Scale. But direct observation by trained observers, using a "blind" procedure, found that home-schooled children had significantly fewer problem behaviors, as measured by the Child Observation Checklist's Direct Observation Form, than traditionally schooled children when playing in mixed groups of children from both kinds of schooling backgrounds. This observational study was reported in some detail in the 1992 Associated Press article. Shyers concluded that the hypothesis that contact with adults, rather than contact with other children, is most important in developing social skills in children is supported by these data. "
Why is one of the most common reasons people give for pulling their kids out of mainstream schools and doing homeschooling precisely to improve the kids social setting because they are learning bad habits including consumerism from kids in school, or being bullied, or being left friendless from cliquishness, or getting involved with schoolmates escaping by using drugs, and so on?
In almost every homeschool setting, the ratio of adults to children is probably about one adult to two kids on average, where the purpose of the gathering is generally to get kids together to play together as small groups or to do some larger group activity together. Compare that with a typical classroom ratio of one adult to twenty children, where children are generally actively suppressed from talking to each other unless explicitly permitted. Those different ratios (1:2 and 1:20) should tell you a lot about the type of social behaviors that will be learned.
Granted, in a one room schoolhouse, one adult can manage twenty, thirty, forty, even one hundred children of different ages engaged in different learning activities (including helping younger peers learn to read), but that is a totally different model of education than Prussian-derived schooling. That one room classroom style was a part of US American democracy historically, and although the time spend in such classrooms was generally a small fraction of the time spent today in Prussian classrooms, far more difficult content was learned. (You can compare the classroom primer books to see the difference.)
Yes, this is quite true, and it does make change difficult.
But there are a few issues here in a democracy.
Presumably, in a democracy, even one with a right to a job, no one has a right to a job hurting others. So, if schools are hurting children, then it would be better if those jobs did not exist or if they were done differently. But, as was mentioned at the start, the real point of school, as it was set up in the USA based on the 1850s Prussian model, is to hurt children, so they can not function as whole human being in a peer economy. It is to make them forever dependent on the state for their direction. As Gatto outlines in some detail, like here:
   "The 7-Lesson Schoolteacher"
   So, are you saying that some people have a right to a job hurting children? Of course not. So what do you really mean here? Politically, the people who hurt children for a living have a lot of power and political clout?
Please note, most teachers as human beings are wonderful caring people (or at least, started out that way). This is a comment about the institution, not the individuals. Schools as currently structured are essentially prisons for the young. Philip Zimbardo has studied prisons and prisoner abuse and written a book about that and other situations called "The Lucifer Effect".
  "In 2004, Zimbardo testified for the defense in the court martial of Sgt. Ivan "Chip" Frederick, a guard at Abu Ghraib prison. He argued that Frederick's sentence should be lessened due to mitigating circumstances, explaining that few individuals can resist the powerful situational pressures of a prison, particularly without proper training and supervision. The judge apparently disregarded Zimbardo's testimony, and gave Frederick the maximum 8-year sentence. Zimbardo drew on the knowledge he gained from his participation in the Frederick case to write a new book entitled, The Lucifer Effect: Understanding How Good People Turn Evil, about the connections between Abu Ghraib and the prison experiments."
Now, obviously, probably no US schools are identical to Abu Ghraib. But the same sorts of social dynamics apply, either pressures on the jailers or pressures on the inmates. As Gatto outlines here:
   At the age of fourteen [in the 1870s] House was sent to school in Virginia. The cruelty of the other boys made an indelible impression on his character, as you can sift from this account:
     "I made up my mind at the second attempt to haze me that I would not permit it. I not only had a pistol but a large knife, and with these I held the larger, rougher boys at bay. There was no limit to the lengths they would go in hazing those who would allow it. One form I recall was that of going through the pretense of hanging. They would tie a boy?s hands behind him and string him up by the neck over a limb until he grew purple in the face. None of it, however, fell to me. What was done to those who permitted it is almost beyond belief."
Now, you may say guns are no longer allowed in schools, and this abuse above was not done by the teachers. But this would all miss the point of schooling as an institution to teach a social form that creates such situations. I think we can assume that Sgt. Frederick went to school. Why was he not able to resist becoming an abuser, given the state had spent vast sums of money on his schooling? Could it be that the form of the school created the character we saw in Abu Ghraib as an amplification of it?
So, sure, school is a jobs program. Let's find a way that that people (including people now teachers) can have an income without having to hurt people. That what Gatto said when he resigned.
  "John Taylor Gatto: Walkabout London: An Unscientific Look at Open-Source John Taylor Gatto was a public school teacher in New York City. Named the city?s Teacher of the Year three times in a row, and the New York State Teacher of the Year in 1991, he must have been doing something right. In the prologue to his book, The Underground History of American Education, he details some of the ways that the administration tried to get rid of him for being, well, a good teacher. The same year he was named the state?s Teacher of the Year, he resigned by writing a letter to the Wall Street Journal in which he said he did not want to ?hurt kids to make a living.?
The plan I outlined, giving the $20K per year per child directly to parents, will still create a variety of jobs in the local areas. Parents will have a lot more money for hiring tutors, paying for private schools, expanding their homes to have more room for learning spaces, buying nutritious local food to help their kids have healthy brains, and so on. The total number of jobs could stay roughly the same -- the only issue is what sort of jobs.
And, as I suggest, it is possible that we would see enormous economic growth from all the businesses created by more creative self-confident people who are better able to function in a variety of social contexts.
This is absolutely right.
Homeschooling is, for most families, a lifestyle shift more than anything. You have a lot less money by losing one income in a world where two-income families have bid up the cost of everything (and bid down the wages of jobs). That is one reason that more people don't homeschool.
But, the proposal would put US$20K per year per child in the hands of the parents (and gradually, the child as they are able to say more about their likes and dislikes), so there would be much less personal costs, some homeschooling would be more approachable by all.
 > and even then, some
Yes, I would have believed that once too. But John Holt and others have shown that most any parent without profound disabilities can do a better job of producing a happy and productive member of society than schools can, if they want to.
"Your Top 5 Homeschooling Fears"
"Unless you are neglectful or abusive, you can?t do worse than public schools. Whenever I?m convinced I?m the world?s worst parent and my children are doomed, I remind myself of the statistics on homeschooling. Most home educated students excel academically and socially, and go on to homeschool their own children."
"What Does This Mean? You can provide your child with an education better than that offered by public schools regardless of your race, income level or even whether or not you finished high school. Further, home education reduces differences in achievement between males and females, and whites and minorities ? all without government supervision. You don't have to be rich, white, college educated and certified to successfully educate your children."
Still, some parents will decide to put their own career ahead of being with their kids. That is IMHO their choice, even as they still remain responsible   for how that affects their family. With US$20K per child, such parents can pay for private school, for tutors, nannies, or for whatever the public school becomes if it continues to have an all-day day-care option.
So, on the one hand you are saying teachers need jobs, but on the other hand are you saying a teacher would not take US$100K a year in income as an independent contractor to supervise the education of five compatible children with busy parents?
So, even for case where the parents don't want to try, there are plenty of Which leaves the case where the parents take the money and neglect the children. Well, that should be obvious to the community, who can either help out in a neighborly way or do something else. And, again, there is no 100% here. Some kids may suffer under the new approach and fall through the cracks; the issue is, will less of them suffer than are suffering now under Prussian schooling?
It is undemocratic to make 95% to 99% of children suffer because some small percentage of parents may be neglectful under certain circumstances. It makes a lot more sense to help those few families directly be the best that they can be. Again, repeating from Wikipedia: "This is like saying, if you can help a child by taking him off the cold street and housing him in a warm tent, then warm tents should be provided for all children ? when obviously most children already have even more secure housing."
I'll agree that something like vouchers, that takes money away from public schools, and underfunds alternatives, and only allows you to choose between a few local alternatives that are formally schools, is a problematical idea. It's mostly a compromise for the teacher's union.
I guess I can see how someone might say any change to public schools will create a bigger rich-poor divide, if you believed they were working against that somehow. The current system of public schooling sure sounds democratic, especially given that is what you are taught in public schools. :-)
But the fact is, we in the USA have an enormous and growing rich-poor divide already. Remember, this proposal decouples the wealth transfer aspects of a school tax from the issue of how education happens, thus allowing a move to a more peer-to-peer and/or market-based solution.
Wealth makes a huge difference in who gets to go to "Prep" schools, or live in "good" public school districts, and thus get into the top tier universities and from that into the highest levels of governance. Sure, Michelle Obama is a bit of an exception, but, as she points out in her Princeton thesis (as I spin it :-), even for those with blue collar or minority roots, the purpose of an institution like Princeton is to alienate a person from their roots and shift their allegiance to an elite model of society (one that presumably justifies big rich-poor divides and a centralization of political power in society). We're from Princeton, and we are here to help. :-) Am I undermining my own point here, well probably, but so be it. :-) I like the quote often attributed to Lila Watson (but really arising out of a peer group process): "If you have come to help me, you are wasting your time. But if you have come because your liberation is bound up with mine, then let us walk together."
I am here on the p2p list because I see my liberation as bound up with your liberation. :-)
Sure, there are democratic aspects of the current system. I grew up in a mostly blue collar town and went to a public school (although a private kindergarten so my mom could work, and I wonder if that made a difference?) and I had some great teachers. Still, I'm certainly into writing and abstraction, so school suits me in a way it did not suit many of my age&demographic-peers, a fact I did not understand at the time. In the sense that school acted as a filter for people with assignable curiosity willing to make killer robots on demand, school did a good job of finding me and promoting me. (I got a Navy Science award for a science fair project of a radioactive material transporter robot, not exactly a killer robot, but the kind of step towards killer robots, that could in practice support killer submarines, which the Navy encouraged thirty years ago.)
So, the current system overwhelmingly favors the rich and affluent, and is quite willing to sacrifice boys like I was to genetic horrors or front-line combat to support the status quo. From the guy who also wrote that money is a sign of poverty:
   "In all the human societies we have ever reviewed, in every age and in every state, there has seldom if ever been a shortage of eager young males prepared to kill and die to preserve the security, comfort and prejudices of their elders, and what you call heroism is just an expression of this fact; there is never a scarcity of idiots." (Use of Weapons)
Yes, I am saying, in that context, I was an idiot, and that is why I got the Navy Science Award and *both* first prize and most creative at the Albert Einstein Science Centennial at NYIT, instead of the kids doing solar energy research. Those kids I look back on and say now deserved prizes far more as for looking towards social utility and promoting intrinsic national security in creative ways. I also went to Princeton because I was an idiot (even as I was earning lots of money writing a computer game). Although a tiny part of not writing more such games instead was that I did sense something was wrong with writing addictive games about killing, and to the extent there was any value in my educational aspirations and accomplishments, it was to deal with that disquiet. I can thank a few great teachers like the late Michael Mahoney or the late Steve Slaby or others there for helping me see things from new perspectives -- Princeton is one of the few schools where the faculty is more liberal than the students. And when I went back to thank Michael Mahoney he said something like, you hope to reach at least one student each year. But there have been many other influences of varying subtly, various people in my life, including my wife. Also, while I reject the dogma, I can say that some of the better core values and better stories of the Protestant church I was raised in remained with me.
Still, I was a very *clever* idiot, of course, which is one of the worst kinds. :-) Naturally, as I became less and less of an idiot, my career in academia started to falter. :-) Even though I am a persistent idiot, so I continued trying in a variety of programs and universities, even as there were far better opportunities for happiness in community at non-profits like the New Alchemy Institute or in positive green business ventures (like making solar panels at Chronar). It has taken me a long time to come to this view of things, with a lot of sadness and frustration along the way. By the way, Larry Niven's "Pak Protectors" always have the same thought as they emerge from a previous growth stage: "What an idiot I have been all my life". :-)
   Although, unfortunately, Pak Protectors seem too stupid to understand the concept of mutual security and peer networks, so they spend all their time destroying each other and their world, unfortunately. So, sounds like they are just even cleverer idiots. :-(
Please note that for what I was groomed to do in a military-dominated context then (robotics), others have been groomed to do *economically* as billionaire wannabees. Most of the graduates output by Princeton University goes to Wall Street, and helped bring about the current collapse and increasing rich-poor divide.
So, even when a poor boy or girl makes it to and through Princeton, the flagship university of global capitalism (in its own eyes :-), there is often not much left of them when they get through. So, in that sense, social mobility is an illusion, even when it happens. Still, are there a lot of dumb poor people? Sure. But school is intended to make them that way, and keep them that way.
So, getting back to the main point, when I propose that parents get $20K per child per year instead of the schools, you reply that somehow directing wealth directly to the families is going to prop up the rich-poor status quo. Well, I guess I can try really hard to see if I can see how you see it that way, but I am failing, and maybe you are thinking about some other proposal? Maybe I can see it if we go with the Social Darwinism assumption that the poor are poor because they are completely stupid about everything. I'm sure there is a little truth to that, but, as I see it, the market, while very good at producing a diversity of things for people with money, is also good at concentrating wealth. So, the rich get richer unless some other force steps in.
Or, as above, maybe you are just operating from the assumption most parents are defective at looking out for their childrens' interests in a market economy?
If that last is the case, why do think so highly of the market if most people are unable to make good purchasing decisions when their child's current and future happiness is on the line and they have a significant amount of money to spend towards that?
I'm trying to make the market work here, given the USA is so market oriented. But you are trying to advocate a non-market solution. I just want to point that out that irony. :-)
 > Finally, the system would make mainstreaming children with
The current governor of NY was refused help by his school district (as a legally blind person) unless his parent placed him into "special education". His parents fortunately were able to move to another school district where he could be "mainstreamed". If his parents had gotten $20K per year for his education to spend as they wanted, would they have had to move?
And if his education had required more than that, then Medicaid, the country's charity program for, among other things, people with disabilities, could have potentially helped under this plan, as I mention in the essay. This would completely separate out the issue of "special needs" from the power of schools. And, from what I hear, especially from homeschoolers with special needs kids who pull the kids out of school, getting help from schools for "special needs" can be really hard. Even when you do it, in the bargain you need to stick a label on your kid that may affect their self-image for life.
Any evidence? Which educators? Ask any school teacher you know if "no child left behind" focusing on increasing standardized test scores has been good for kids. And even if you can find school teachers who will say that, there are many, many educators in other contexts who will decry that notion of standardization. Kids learn everything at their own pace and in their own way. There are many types of intelligence too, many different learning styles. Many different interests. Many ways of teaching. Many ways of learning. To force that all into one path to produce "standardized minds" is basically turning schools into slaughterhouses of the mind, producing canned hams all of the same mental size (too big, cut em down, too small, add filler). See also:
   "Standardized Minds: The High Price of America's Testing Culture and What We Can Do to Change It"
Even the *corporate* interests want something different:
"To fix US schools, panel says, start over"
"What if the solution to American students' stagnant performance levels and the wide achievement gap between white and minority students wasn't more money, smaller schools, or any of the reforms proposed in recent years, but rather a new education system altogether? "
Though the proposals there are mostly corporate friendly to create better workers from a corporate perspective, not a peer economy perspective. They don't get at the heart of the matter, like building better families, or using the market creatively to provide better education options coupled with giving families the money they need to purchase those options (even if it is just to let parents stay out of the workforce to teach their own).
 > Also, most
No disagreement here. In fact, many educators are very frustrated being teachers. Some stay and try to do what they can (Gatto), many quit in frustration (also Gatto :-).
This is important: the skills needed to run a classroom of twenty age-similar children to force them to jump through state-supplied hoops on the state's schedule are a completely different set of skills from helping children grow on their own schedule into happy healthy compassionate productive people on a one-to-one or one-to-few basis. Totally different. Most of what teachers learn that is of any application in their real classrooms is about how to maintain authoritarian discipline (though it may be sugar-coated discipline, of course).
 > Few have these skills...including
The best way to learn something is to do it (with help sometimes, of course). The fact is, most teachers have only limited opportunities to be educators. So, they don't get in enough practice time. How can you, with twenty kids to keep track of?
Now, one room schoolhouses can do some education, but they do it by getting the older kids to help teach the young, so the teacher is more like a factor manager than anything else. There are downsides to that too (limited curriculums). But, how do these older kids in one room schoolhouses learn to be educators? By supervised practice on younger kids. And of course, one hundred years ago, families were often bigger, so many children had experience helping take care of younger ones.
 > If a child has a home disciplinary or parenting
Except $20K a year per child can pay for a lot of private school.
Maybe some families will be neglectful. In fact, humans being a diverse lot, we can be sure of that. But again, are you going to make every child sleep in a tent because a few children need to sleep in tents because their home in unliveable?
Seriously, name a percentage. What percentage of families do you think are so dysfunctional that they could not handle this situation?
1%? 5%? 10%? 25%? 50%? 90%?
Then think about what that means about the current effectiveness of schooling on people's happiness and ability to manage their own affairs in peer networks and/or the market.
No, that would be, "Wow, you had a baby, here is a million dollars!"
Which might be a good idea, but is very different than this.
This idea, to use your language, which I don't quite agree with, would be that people get paid for taking care of children, even if the children are their own. But, seeing it as pay implies it is formal "work" which has negative psychological issues.
    I'd rather see this as money that enables families to take better care of their own children in a market economy, and money which helps give peers enough affluence to reach out to other peers in the neighborhood struggling to take care of their kids for whatever reasons.
Yes, there seems to be something about modern society that is deadly to families. :-(
I can see that point. It is especially true for retirement plans that are like pyramid schemes. Or in other words, our society is build around a demographic pyramid scheme of the old living off the young, and we need to do things differently as populations stabilize.
Well, we agree about some parts, and disagree about others. :-)
All the best. And thanks for the rebuttal. These are all concerns that 98% of US Americans would have. So I am glad that you brought them up.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-03 22:22:47
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ethics and village development (was Re: Fwd: 
> Eric, this should be of interest
 >
 > Sam, Rose: unrelated, but perhaps important in the context of your local
 > projects : Singapore (where I'm now) has just decided to put land aside so
 > that it can produce 25% of its own food,
 >
 > Michel
 >
 > ---------- Forwarded message ----------
 > From: f.nahrada at reflex.at (Franz Nahrada)
 > Date: Sun, Aug 2, 2009 at 1:10 PM
 > Subject: Re: additions to Crottorf report
 >
 >
 > David,
 >
 > thank you for your invaluable work.
 >
 > I dont actually know if this was said, but of course the consequence of
 > what you quoted about Global Villages Network is that we have to proceed
 > from farming to integrated "rural" life 2.0. The whole story of precision
 > farming that Michel brings up would be strangely abstract and utopian if
 > we were not able to connect this with a model of physical transformation
 > of landscape into attractive cohabitat invoking the connection of man and
 > land to life again. I believe this consequently means offer something more
 > than just liveable to urban people with urban needs to move in. Its about
 > miniaturisation and reinvention of the city as global villages that
 > combine all aspects of living with embeddedness and caring for natural
 > environments. Thats the only way to bring the mind back home and the
 > reason for the Global Villages Network. Its a very ambitious design task,
 > but we will see in the end that there is no really sound alternative.
 > Arcosanti and the ecovillage movement are early forerunners, but we have
 > not seen very much yet of well designed possibilities.
 >
 >
 > Some examples to have an idea are works of
 >
 > Paolo Soleri   Arcosanti  Mini City for 5000 people within desert habitat
 >  >
 > Vincent Callebaut     Sea Lillypad    Living and Caring for Ocean Commons
 >   >
 > at a smaller scale but much more concrete the John T. Lyle center in
 > Pomona
 >  >  >
 > Village Town by Claude Lewenz
 >
 >
 > actually that are just glimpses and I would rather like to see many more,
 > relieving us from city hybris and megalomania, but there is still lack of
 > good design and imagination on the side of those who care. As you know I
 > value design higher than politics, integrated design is metapolitics that
 > creates structure.
Two issues in relation to the original forwarded message (mostly in the context of Russian villages, but it could apply to any village):
* Different people may have different visions of the ideal village, and
current villagers may have little say in the design of their future, even if
asked to participate somehow;
* Super new villages with super new technology may put even more pressure on
existing villages, causing them to fail sooner.
There may be no way around the second (and cities are always an alternative draw now anyway), and the first is always a hazard on any new project where there is unequal access to resources (computing, free time, access to decision makers, money, knowledge, etc.).
I'm not saying either issue can be fixed (I don't know); I'm just pointing
them out as moral hazards. It's a complex ethical landscape when cultures
collide, and in a way, the culture of the internet (including peer-to-peer) is colliding with the culture of the village (or, rather, specific villages in the p2P symbolism :-). And the result may well be different than a "global village". It might be a globe of connected villages. Or a village of connected villages. Or a village of connected globes. Or something altogether different.
To the extent people are talking about designing *new* villages, in situations that don't compete with old villages (are there any?) these ethical questions don't arise.
I touched on this sort of issue in my blog post on the Global Villages Ning
site, (not public, but people can join)
where I talked at the end about two different ways forward for Russian
villages (symbiosis with cities mostly as-is and/or going hitech agricultural robotics).
Anyway, there are at least two ways forward, as far as technical support. One is to support the villagers in their current life, with minimal interventions, to make a sort of voluntary simplicity work better in a "Small is Beautiful" way, like Gleb Tyurin outlines here in this inspirational story:
   Even as I can wonder how many "Veterans Homes" one can imagine in rural areas to provide jobs. :-) Obviously the general idea is to get people in villages doing things that work for their own situation, which makes a lot of sense, but without larger changes across the social network of villages and cities, that may just lead to competition and another race to the bottom (as in, "Our village's Veterans Home is cheaper per veteran to run than theirs", same as happens when rural farmers compete over offering low grain prices). Still, there is nothing wrong, IMHO, for rural areas to make arrangements with cities to be the places joyful young people are raised or where old people go to have a happy retirement. That is in a way a rethinking of the notion of "suburb" in a more sustainable way, as an exchange between cities and the countryside, each doing what it does best.
   The other way, using automation and robotics like outlined above, is a very different path, requiring substantial investments of money and technology that would either be flowing out of cities as investments and would have its own expectations as to short-term returns, or would be flowing out of charities and governments with longer-term expectations or to honor long term social obligations. But a heavily automated countryside might look very different than those pictures of rural life. And it would need environmental regulation to keep from getting out of balance with intensive livestock operations or soil erosion from heavy farming and so on, or otherwise a general environmental consciousness resulting in a preference for sustainable organic agriculture and permaculture. It might be an exciting countryside to live in for many technically inclined young people though. Though issues of inequity may remain, perhaps requiring something like a basic income.
I've had that in the back of my mind, and a comment by Franz on that, and maybe it just bothers me more for some reason, especially seeing this reference to automation and "Rural Life 2.0".
Here is a post by an author of a story called "The Clinic Seed - Africa" (posted in a larger conversation I participated in) that relates to "helping" villages (but perhaps taking their souls in the process, or at least leaving the feeling ambivalent):
      Still, maybe no matter what anyone does, the historic village as we know it
may soon be history. The depopulation of the Russian countryside does not
bode well for existing villages, and it is happening regardless of what we
do. And that is a little sad to me, to lose a way of life (even if I might
not choose the exact same thing myself, not having those particular roots). There are living history farms of course, and we might see living history villages perhaps. Documenting what is there now might help preserve that past for future generations, plus give information useful in future design work.
One general question I've been wondering about is, how much are the current
villagers who decide to stay put really wanting something different? Obviously, many are moving to the cities. But, of the ones that stay, is change really what they want? Maybe there are no easy answers.
The community I live in, a rural community, faces some of the same issues, for example, with big arguments about whether to put in cell phone towers. In that case, as a resident I mostly want them (for safety) but visitors don't want them (many like the promise of isolation). There are other arguments about unsightly towers and more RF, too, things that are then weighed against safety and convenience. One other solution, put in lots of cell phone access points along the road on telephone poles, is out for cost reasons, but is another option otherwise. Another recent issue was fightso over land development. So, while sci-fi often presents us with huge leaps, in practice, we end up with all these small decisions one by one.
But even cities, or city-states, like Singapore face these sorts of issues. Part of it is even the Manuel meshwork-hierarchy thing, that meshworks grow by drift, but may drift places we don't want them to go.
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-04 14:03:37
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Basic income from a millionaire's perspective? 
One may ask, why should millionaires support a basic income as depicted in
Marshall Brain's Australia Project fictional example in "Manna", but, say,
right now in the USA, of US$2000 a month per person (with some deducted for
universal health insurance), or $24K per year? With about 300 million
residents in the USA, this would require about seven trillion US dollars a
year, or half the current US GDP. Surely such a proposal would be a disaster
for millionaires in terms of crushing taxes? Or would it?
The US government has a lot of assets. It controls the broadcast spectrum
and can rent it. It can rent fishery rights. It owns about a third of the
land in the country and can get royalties for mining and forestry rights.
The government controls water rights. The government can assess fines for
risky or anti-social behavior (as it could have done to Wall Street instead
of a bailout. :-) In Alaska, there is a Permanent Fund that gives one to two
thousand dollars a year to every Alaskan resident based on royalties from
oil development, as well as paying for the operation of the Alaskan
government (so, no income or sales taxes). There is also control of the
money supply, which needs to expand as commerce expands, and the extra money
needed can be printed by the government inflation free. So, there are
various ways the government can fund a basic income, even without a wealth tax.
But, what if it is not enough? Currently, the total wealth in the USA for
personal households in about $50 trillion dollars.
   Though that figure is hard to be sure of; it might actually be a lot higher.
So, this would require a 12% wealth tax on households to make this work
without any other revenue (and without taxing companies). Since most wealth
is owned by the top 10% of the households in the country, most of this tax
would fall on the wealthy. But, we can presume (with some handwaving) that
the government could pay for half of this using royalties or other means
like extra cash needed to increase the money supply in a growing economy
(this might mean the end of fractional-reserve banking). So, let's assume
(handwaving) there would be a 6% annual tax on household wealth if the
government could raise half the amount from an inflation-free increased
money supply to keep up with a booming economy and from royalties on
government assets. Presumably, the wealth of companies would be taxed
indirectly by taxing the individuals who own the companies. So, in this
model, there might be no business taxes or corporate taxes of any form.(*)
Well, millionaires would then face a tax to support all this (as would
anyone with even more wealth). For example, imagine a basic income for
everyone was supported by a 6% tax on all wealth that is based on monopoly
scarcity. So, this would be an annual tax on real estate equity, bank
accounts, cash and gold hoards, copyrights and patents, and so on --
basically anything that requires the government to defend it as a monopoly
against someone else taking it in a way that leaves you with less. Anything
undeclared would not be subject to legal process for recovery if stolen. It
would seem only fair in a sense to support the government with a percentage
of what you have, in proportion to the amount you have. (One might also
propose a progressive tax on that, like higher rates on large total amounts,
but let's just assume it is a flat tax.) Essentially, this could be seen as
a protective tax on wealth. If millionaires don't declare wealth, the wealth
can be taken by anyone, even by the government. :-) If wealth is declared,
it is defensible in a criminal suit, and further, maybe the government might
even insure it against theft (maybe even other things like fire or accident
or war or natural disaster). Recovery of stolen property would then be a
function of the government as a revenue source, after it had reimbursed the
person who lost it.
Perhaps there might be a basic exemption for the first $100,000 of personal
or business property, just so most people don't have to file this paperwork
at all. Perhaps the filing requirement might be $100K and the tax might
start of $200K, just to edge into the paperwork without having any liability.
So, should millionaires oppose a basic income on these terms? (Note, this is
a different question of whether billionaires should oppose a basic income,
for reasons that will become obvious.)
To begin with, many millionaires, who often have significant wealth in real
estate, already pay a wealth tax called a property tax. They may not pay a
wealth tax on other wealth, but most are already paying that one. So, taxes
might go up on real estate, but not the number of bills. A millionaire might
not want to pay more taxes, but a wealth tax could in theory replace all
transaction taxes like sales taxes or inheritance taxes or income taxes or
VAT taxes. So, maybe there would be no other paperwork to do every year
except a year end balance sheet, whether personally or for a business. So,
the total amount of stress dealing with bills might go down. A lot of
millionaires and large business owners might like the simplified paperwork.
The true cost of compliance with current tax laws are much higher than the
money paid in taxes; they include all the time spend in record keeping and
compliance. Presumably tax accounting as a profession would morph into
certified good-faith wealth estimators (assets minus liabilities in business).
Let's say you had a million US dollars. Most such people would tend to be
older. You might be living off the principal and the interest of it. You
would not want to see the principal go down in our current economy, because
then you would have to work again. If, the tax rate was 6%, then you would
see your wealth dwindling every year. You would be looking to the day when
all your wealth was gone with trepidation, as you would then be *poor*. Or
would you? Remember, you would get the basic income of $2000 a month too. In
the worst case where you lost all your wealth to taxes, you would still be
able to live a good-enough life on the basic income. Also, this basic income
would make up for some of the taxes, thus reducing the effective tax rate
for a millionaire, who would be paying $60,000 a year in taxes, by $24K, or
so to about 4%.
On the plus side, if you got sick, the basic income insurance would cover
you, so your wealth would not be at risk of loss to medical costs in most
cases. If you were robbed, or maybe even illegally scammed by someone like
Madoff, the government would reimburse you for the theft (and then try to
recover the wealth for the people). If your house was wiped out in a forest
fire, the government would write you a check to rebuild. And this would all
happen without you worrying one minute about finding good insurance policies
or whether those companies would have sufficient assets to really pay a
claim (because that insurance was backed by the government as a big risk
pool). Still, providing this insurance might require the tax to be a little
higher, like 7%. This would have to be worked out in detail. The government
might also decline to insure some properties perhaps if they were in
extremely risky situations like poorly built things in hurricane zones not
up to government building codes for insurability, so this would be an issue
of social policy to explore. However, there would be nothing to stop there
being supplemental insurance millionaires could buy to cover certain extreme
Now, let's continue to look at this from a millionaire's point of view. The
streets might be a lot happier. The families would not be struggling as
much, and so the kids would be happier. Why should a millionaire care about
other people's happiness? Well, there are obviously moral reasons. But
ignoring them, in general, communities would be safer. There would be less
resentment towards the rich, who after all, were making this all possible.
Nobody would be so poor they had nothing to lose by committing an assault to
steal a walled or break into a home. (Assuming drugs were legal, and
regulated, there would be less addicts doing property crimes for habits.)
There might be a much larger variety of goods and services  for millionaires
to choose from. given every unique person had some money so the market heard
their needs and even whims. The money would keep flowing, especially because
there would be no transaction taxes to slow it down. Entrepreneurial
millionaires would be in a good position to benefit from all this demand,
creating companies to satisfy all these needs that the market was now
listening to.
With all artists, writers, inventors, programmers, and so on freed from the
need to worry about earning a daily living, the digital world would blossom
with an endless array of free music, free images, free idea, and the
physical world would be beautified with free artworks and the streets would
be livened with free street productions and plays. So, the millionaire's
remaining wealth would go farther, with less entertainment that needs to be
paid for. Basically, millionaires would be benefiting, like everyone else,
from a robust peer economy and gift economy.
On a personal level, there would be a lot less desire for people to marry
millionaires just for the money. For some ugly or nasty millionaires, this
might be a hardship. But for most, this would actually be a blessing. They
would be less likely to be taken advantage of by social climbers or fortune
hunters. Millionaires would have to worry less about their kids being taken
advantage of too. With a basic income, there would be a lot less desire by
people to marry for money. So, a certain social problem would be greatly
reduced in the lives of millionaires. There might still be some of this, but
the overall situation would improve greatly.
Similarly, there would likely be less kidnapping. For potential kidnappers
or other criminals, when you get $2000 a month in income already, why risk
being thrown in jail where your income goes to the upkeep of your prison and
you lose your chance of making your own decisions as to how to spend it?
While there would still be crimes of passion, total money-related crime
might drop way down.
Right now, a profit driven health care system has sized emergency rooms for
average needs, and those emergency rooms are often full. With a basic income
  and more money going on a systematic basis to the health care system, the
health care system emergency rooms will no longer be overrun with people
there for reasons they could see a doctor for. So, emergency care would be
better for millionaires. Millionaires with heart attacks won't be as likely
to end up being diverted to far away hospitals because the local hospital
emergency room is full. Likewise, emergency rooms might, with more money
going to medicine, become sized for national emergencies, not personal
emergencies, so they might become vast empty places, with physicians and
other health care staff keeping their skills sharp always running
simulations, learning more medical information, and/or doing basic medical
research, with these people always ready for a pandemic or natural disaster
or industrial accident which they had the resources in reserve to deal with.
So, millionaires who got sick or injured in a disaster could be sure there
was the facilities and expertise nearby to help them, even if most of the
rest of the population needed help too at the same time too. In that way,
some of this basic income could be funded by money that might otherwise go
to the Defense department, because what is better civil defense then
investing in a health care system able to to handle national disasters? So,
any millionaires who are doctors (many are) would benefit by this plan,
because their lives as doctors will become happier and less stressful, both
with less paperwork and with more resources.
With a basic income, from a millionaire business owner's point of view,
there would be no need for social security as a payroll tax. There would be
no need for affirmative action or reparations for slavery. There would be no
need for a family-leave policy. There would be no need for unions (though
there might still be some, but they would no longer resist technological
innovation that eliminated jobs, since that increased wealth for everyone).
There would be no need for unemployment insurance. There would be no need
for all sorts of employment laws we need now. There would be no need for a
minimum wage to protect anybody from destitution.
Essentially, with a break in the link between having a job and having a
right to consume at a moderate level, workplaces could be organized however
they wanted. And potential employees would just vote with their feet about
where they wanted to work to make the most money, have the most fun during
the day, or do the most good for society as they saw it. While it is true
that many unpleasant jobs would no longer find low wage workers to do them,
for those jobs, either wages would go up, or they would be automated or
redesigned out of existence, for example, like with some towns that have
garbage trucks with robot arms to pick up curbside standard garbage cans.
So, overall, most of the jobs that remained would be ones that people really
wanted to do. There would no longer be the threat of poverty and starvation
to motivate workers, but that make for happier companies, and thus happier
managers and CEOs, and so more happiness for most of the millionaires that
are the managers and CEOs. Everything would just be a little less stressful.
There still might be a need for pollution regulation (as a negative
externality of the marketplace), but everyone would have more money to pay a
premium for greener products. And there might be a lot more innovation going
on to make compliance with low or zero emissions manufacturing easy.
There would be no need for public schools or a public school tax, because
families would have enough wealth per child to hire tutors or pay for
private schools or to just stay home and teach their own through
homeschooling/unschooling. Likely, towns would be more interesting places to
be, with people of all ages having fun on the streets. Cities and town would
come alive again with the laughter of children. And these would not be the
mean dispirited hopeless children sometimes found on today's streets --
these would be compassionate, confident, hopeful children who were following
a social example of generosity by the wealthy. These would be the kind of
children who would say "Mr. you dropped your wallet!" instead of running off
with it. With so much hope, the parents of these children would be more
hopeful too, so they would vote for hopeful politicians and hopeful
policies, the kind to build up the world instead of hunker down and build
fortresses and prisons, the kind that might treat drug addiction as a
medical illness and societal illness, not a personal crime.
Much of these benefits would also apply to billionaires (as opposed to
millionaires). The big difference is that billionaires would have so much
money, they probably would never think about the value of the basic income
to support them in the future, since even at 6% per year, it would take more
than a lifetime of such a tax on the remaining amount to make a billionaire
unable to support themselves. Also, the basic income would do nothing to
significantly reduce the effective taxes on a billionaire's wealth. And a
billionaire would benefit less as a percentage by access to free
entertainment. So, this is a better deal for millionaires than billionaires.
On the other hand, billionaires have so much money, they really do benefit a
lot more from a society where vastly unequal wealth is accepted as a social
reality. So in that sense, they benefit a lot more by reducing the pressure
in a society for massive social upheaval.
So, for all these reasons, millionaires and billionaires could sleep more
soundly at night, especially those with social consciences. Those with
social consciences would have recognized that while the market is great at
creating wealth, it is also great at concentrating wealth which creates
problems, since the market does not hear the needs of those without money to
shout out for them. But, a basic income gives everyone in a society a voice
with which to talk to the market, whether the market needs their labor or
not. And with rising automation like AI and robotics, better design, and
limited demand because the best things in life are free or cheap, more and
more the market will not need humans to be involved in production, and so
there will be less and less jobs for humans to do. So, this approach deals
with a fundamental problem with divide-by-zero errors in mainstream
economics, the kind of errors that cause unrest of various types.
The fact is, the basic income is already about what most millionaires might
be earning off their investments after inflation (assuming they have
anything left after the recent market crash). So, in a way, this proposal
makes everyone in the USA into effective millionaires (or close to it). So,
that means that millionaires have a lot more potential friends in the local
neighborhood with a millionaire-level of spare time to do fun things with
during the day. So, being a millionaire will be a much less lonely thing in
our society. And should a millionaire have children, the millionaire knows,
no matter how irresponsible with money their kid might be, that child will
always be a millionaire, in terms of a basic income.
As a society, we would suffer less from "millionaire wannabes" supporting
regressive social policies.
   "The Wrath of the Millionaire Wannabe's"
   Such people support these policies in hopes that, even if they and their
families and their communities, are hurt by regressive social policies now,
someday they too might win the business lottery or gambling lottery and be a
millionaire and escape from the society of poverty. So, there would be less
incentive for strong healthy young people to support regressive politics
that are against their own current and future interests (statistically). And
as one can see from the above example, from improved medical care, decreased
risk of theft, happier streets, and so on, it would be easier to see that
regressive social policies were actually against their interests even if
they were millionaires. There would be less incentive for millionaire
wannabes to make products they did not really care about or that were not
truly new and useful. There would be less incentive to create *artificial*
scarcities as opposed to solve problems related to real scarcities (like a
limited helium supply).  And with less millionaire wannabes around, existing
millionaires might even have less business competition if they were
"billionaire wannabes" because they wanted a new challenge. :-)
Note, there would be one new pressure on millionaires and billionaires. With
a 6% annual tax on wealth (and possibly also inflation, or possibly not if
this basic income smoothed out boom-bust cycles), there would be a lot more
pressure on the wealthy to engage in business transactions and make
investments that met or exceeded a 6% rate of return. So, this would
accelerate the pace of economic activity in the country, as well as the pace
of technological innovation, as millionaires tried to get a better return on
their investment than 6% to keep their wealth at current levels. Presumably,
as long as pollution and some other things like systemic banking risk were
regulated, that would benefit everyone, even if it made some millionaires
lives more stressful to be making real decisions about good investments for
a change, investments into ventures that would benefit the average person
with their basic income. But, for those who did not want such stress, they
could always give all their money away (no gift tax :-) and live off a basic
income. :-)
--Paul Fernhout
(*) (As regards not taxing corporations, one could argue for limiting
corporate personhood status entirely under any circumstances, but, one might
argue that if corporations decide they still want personhood status, then
they should be taxed as persons and so pay for that privilege; so this issue
could be explored, perhaps even giving corporations to elect being persons
and paying wealth taxes, or not being persons and not paying wealth taxes.)

@_date: 2009-08-04 14:35:16
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Basic income from a millionaire's perspective? 
Well, I'm not sure what you mean by "this free labor"?
That's a good issue I have ignored about the role of taxes to structure the economy. I guess you could tax assets involved in different purposes at different rates (a personal real estate rate, a tobacco company rate, and so on), but it is not clear if that really needs to be done?
I'd suggest just fining the industries involved in socially problematical --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-05 13:09:30
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The meltdown and its timing 
Things are the same -- until they are different. :-)
It isn't so much that a debt bubble has burst, as the concept of a debt bubble has burst. :-) People are getting wise to the whole "money as debt" scam through the internet.
   So, we may see other changes. We are in a new period.
But yes, IMHO mainstream economics may see a decade of, at best, a jobless recovery. So people will increasingly be turning to alternatives (including p2p ones). And they may demand more and more structural changes.
I personally feel the jobs issue is more important than the debt issue.
Still, everything is related, since you can only create jobs in a fiat currency system by creating money-as-debt unless you print money, which is forbidden in favor of borrowing from the Federal Reserve which is really just a private bank with special aspects. See also:
   "End the Fed? A not-so-crazy idea."
   A related issue:
Banks' Observation on Money: "Money is a sign of poverty."
Fernhout's Corollary to Banks' Observation on Money: "The degree to which
money needs to be handled in a society is inversely proportional to the
abundance of imagination, skill, freedom, effort, and community present."
And mathematically:
    M = 1 / I * S * F * E * C
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-05 13:52:57
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Doors of Perception: August 2009 
I'm all for gardening, especially for young people. Still, there is a bigger issue there.
If the purpose of schooling is to produce dumbed-down people who are unable to take care of themselves and so dependent on the state for direction (according to Gatto based on the public record left by its creators), then giving more money to schools just helps them do that job better.
   "How public education cripples our kids, and why"
   My own experience had revealed to me what many other teachers must learn along the way, too, yet keep to themselves for fear of reprisal: if we wanted to we could easily and inexpensively jettison the old, stupid structures and help kids take an education rather than merely receive a schooling. We could encourage the best qualities of youthfulness - curiosity, adventure, resilience, the capacity for surprising insight - simply by being more flexible about time, texts, and tests, by introducing kids to truly competent adults, and by giving each student what autonomy he or she needs in order to take a risk every now and then. But we don't do that. And the more I asked why not, and persisted in thinking about the "problem" of schooling as an engineer might, the more I missed the point: What if there is no "problem" with our schools? What if they are the way they are, so expensively flying in the face of common sense and long experience in how children learn things, not because they are doing something wrong but because they are doing something right? Is it possible that George W. Bush accidentally spoke the truth when he said we would "leave no child behind"? Could it be that our schools are designed to make sure not one of them ever really grows up? ...
   Inglis, for whom a lecture in education at Harvard is named, makes it perfectly clear that compulsory schooling on this continent was intended to be just what it had been for Prussia in the 1820s: a fifth column into the burgeoning democratic movement that threatened to give the peasants and the proletarians a voice at the bargaining table. Modern, industrialized, compulsory schooling was to make a sort of surgical incision into the prospective unity of these underclasses. Divide children by subject, by age-grading, by constant rankings on tests, and by many other more subtle means, and it was unlikely that the ignorant mass of mankind, separated in childhood, would ever reintegrate into a dangerous whole. ...
   There you have it. Now you know. We don't need Karl Marx's conception of a grand warfare between the classes to see that it is in the interest of complex management, economic or political, to dumb people down, to demoralize them, to divide them from one another, and to discard them if they don't conform. Class may frame the proposition, as when Woodrow Wilson, then president of Princeton University, said the following to the New York City School Teachers Association in 1909: "We want one class of persons to have a liberal education, and we want another class of persons, a very much larger class, of necessity, in every society, to forgo the privileges of a liberal education and fit themselves to perform specific difficult manual tasks." But the motives behind the disgusting decisions that bring about these ends need not be class-based at all. They can stem purely from fear, or from the by now familiar belief that "efficiency" is the paramount virtue, rather than love, liberty, laughter, or hope. Above all, they can stem from simple greed. ...
So, one of the reasons children are fed a substandard diet in schools (emphasizing sugar, starch, and processed meats) and also kept from experiencing green growing things is *precisely* to damage their growth (both physical and mental). So, that is why US$64K is spent per seat to construct a prison for the child, but only US$1 per seat goes to a garden (and that, most likely, for show).
In the book "Brave New World" there is a scene where a precise amount of alcohol is intentionally introduced into some developing fetuses to make them into a certain grade of workers. If children were not damaged in these ways, they could form their own peer networks and so be disruptive to a grand planned state.
   In its first chapters, the novel describes life in the World State as wonderful and introduces Lenina and Bernard. Lenina, a beta plus, is a socially accepted woman, normal for her society, while Bernard, a psychologist, is an outcast. Although an Alpha Plus, Bernard is shorter in stature than the average of his caste?a quality shared by the lower castes, which gives him an inferiority complex. He defies social norms and accepts his equals. His work with sleep-teaching has led him to realize that what others believe to be their own deeply held beliefs are merely phrases repeated to children while they sleep. Still, he recognizes the necessity of such programming as the reason why his society meets the emotional needs of its citizens. Courting disaster, he is vocal about being different, once stating he dislikes soma because he'd "rather be himself". Bernard's differences fuel rumors that he was accidentally administered alcohol while incubated, a method used to keep Epsilons short.
Or, again Gatto:
   I?ll bring this down to earth. Try to see that an intricately subordinated industrial/commercial system has only limited use for hundreds of millions of self-reliant, resourceful readers and critical thinkers. In an egalitarian, entrepreneurially based economy of confederated families like the one the Amish have or the Mondragon folk in the Basque region of Spain, any number of self-reliant people can be accommodated usefully, but not in a concentrated command-type economy like our own. Where on earth would they fit?
People often focus heavily on George Orwell's 1984 to describe our society (with some truth), but often times Aldous Huxley's Brave New World of a well ordered hierarchically planned global society is a better allegory. From:
Social critic Neil Postman contrasts the worlds of Nineteen Eighty-Four and Brave New World in the foreword of his 1985 book Amusing Ourselves to Death.      What Orwell feared were those who would ban books. What Huxley feared was that there would be no reason to ban a book, for there would be no one who wanted to read one. Orwell feared those who would deprive us of information. Huxley feared those who would give us so much that we would be reduced to passivity and egoism. Orwell feared that the truth would be concealed from us. Huxley feared the truth would be drowned in a sea of irrelevance. Orwell feared we would become a captive culture. Huxley feared we would become a trivial culture, preoccupied with some equivalent of the feelies, the *rgy porgy, and the centrifugal bumblepuppy. As Huxley remarked in Brave New World Revisited, the civil libertarians and rationalists who are ever on the alert to oppose tyranny "failed to take into account man's almost infinite appetite for distractions." In 1984, Orwell added, people are controlled by inflicting pain. In Brave New World, they are controlled by inflicting pleasure. In short, Orwell feared that what we fear will ruin us. Huxley feared that what we desire will ruin us.
So, we have to find a new life-affirming balance appropriate for the 21st century, including a better education that respects the need for a balance between top-down goal-directed hierarchies and bottom-up joy-affirming --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-05 14:53:01
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Towards a post-scarcity New York State of mind 
While I can see how it may at first fit into that mental category, giving US$20k per child to the families to spend as they wish is not a voucher system, since vouchers are transfers of small amounts of money to other schools.
   "A school voucher, also called an education voucher, is a certificate issued by the government by which parents can pay for the education of their children at a school of their choice, rather than the public school to which they are assigned."
I can see I may have to start at the basics here, point by point, phrase by phrase. :-)
Private schools are available now. If everyone could afford them this is wrong because?
Tutors are available now. If everyone could afford them this is wrong because?
Correspondance schools are available now. If everyone could afford them this is wrong because?
Homeschooling (in the USA) is available now. If everyone could afford to do it, this is wrong because?
It is true that if most families had more money, a broad range of new possibilities would open up, both for free through a peer commons and some for fee through the market. And this is wrong because?
Is person-to-person education evil, while state-to-person instruction and production good? :-)
 > and a further splintering of schools ....
Which is called diversity and choice.
Remember, because "vouchers" are pitifully small amounts of money (in part to please teachers unions) like 20% of the true cost of public education, so, say $4K instead of $20K, they undermine public schools while not creating a genuine alternative. By giving the full amount to the parents, all options are put on a level playing field.
 > most parents would
Well, with $20K per child, that is a lot of money so parents don't need to work outside the home, and so more would have time for it.
So, they would send their kids to private schools or hire tutors, and having a choice is wrong because?
Except there is no way to fix public schools (at least in the USA), despite repeated efforts over decades, because of, among other thing, this basic fact:
  "Power ? 22"
  Control of the educational enterprise is distributed among at least these twenty-two players, each of which can be subdivided into in-house warring factions which further remove the decision-making process from simple accessibility. The financial interests of these associational voices are served whether children learn to read or not.
   There is little accountability. No matter how many assertions are made to the contrary, few penalties exist past a certain level on the organizational chart?unless a culprit runs afoul of the media?an explanation for the bitter truth whistle-blowers regularly discover when they tell all. Which explains why precious few experienced hands care to ruin themselves to act the hero. This is not to say sensitive, intelligent, moral, and concerned individuals aren?t distributed through each of the twenty-two categories, but the conflict of interest is so glaring between serving a system loyally and serving the public that it is finally overwhelming. Indeed, it isn?t hard to see that in strictly economic terms this edifice of competing and conflicting interests is better served by badly performing schools than by successful ones. On economic grounds alone a disincentive exists to improve schools. When schools are bad, demands for increased funding and personnel, and professional control removed from public oversight, can be pressed by simply pointing to the perilous state of the enterprise. But when things go well, getting an extra buck is like pulling teeth.
So, by giving the money to the parents, you bypass that (in theory, in practice many would fight the change).
Thanks, please tell that to the Germans:
   "Last Thursday the German police arrested Katharina Plett, a homeschooling mother of twelve. Yesterday her husband fled to Austria with the children. Homeschooling is illegal in Germany since Hitler banned it in 1938. The Plett family belongs to a homeschooling group of seven Baptist families in Paderborn. We wrote about their case last year."
German authorities who sent 15 uniformed police officers to take custody of a 15-year-old girl who committed the crime of being homeschooled now have suggested a solution that, in their minds, would "resolve" the situation: the parents should give up custody of their other five children. The situation involving Melissa Busekros has been in the headlines ever since the beginning of this month, when the officers arrived at her parents' home with a court order allowing them to take her into custody, "if necessary by force."  She had fallen behind in math and Latin, and was being tutored at home. When school officials in Germany, where homeschooling has been illegal since Adolph Hitler decided he wanted to control the educating of all children, discovered that fact, she was expelled. School officials then took her to court, obtaining a court order requiring she be committed to a psychiatric ward because of her "school phobia."
I know nothing about the individual cases or families involved other than that.
 > public schools were not just a
Citations? Also, sometimes what labor leaders want, at the top of a hierarchy making deals with other hierarchies, is not the best for union Remember, when the only option for your kid is to go to a public school or get nothing, public school may look like a good deal.
With this proposal, I am separating out the redistributive funding aspect of school from only having one way to do it, where that way is poison for peer networks (because school teaches intellectual dependency and so on).
Yes, the mines were awful:
   "Burying Children Alive"
   Still, Gatto has a line somewhere about when kids were asked if they would rather be in the mines or in the schools they picked the mines. :-) What does that tell you about schools back then?
Also from there:
Schools were the anti-matter twins of mines and mills: the latter added children to the labor market, schools subtracted them. Both were important functions of a new, centralized command economy. By 1900, direct child labor had been rendered unnecessary by the swift onset of mechanization, except in those anomalous areas like theater, carnival, advertising, and modeling where special pleading to keep children at work would succeed during the general campaign to insulate children from common life.
So, some of this wasn't concern for the children so much as keeping them from being a problem now that they were not needed (or competing for a vanishing number of jobs given mechanization).
At least in the minds, kids felt like they were learning something, doing something useful, moving up a career ladder, and contributing to their families.
 > this is still the dream of billions of
Education may be emancipatory.
Implying a causal link between schools and education is propaganda. :-)
Should we shut down the P2P foundation then? :-)
But let's focus on the word "partly". Do children need seven hours a day, five days a week, 40 or whatever weeks a year, for thirteen or so years to "partly adapt to the requirements" of functionining in a hierarchy?
Especially given that children were able to learn these things on the job in the past before school? Like when they worked in mines?
Something does not add up here. :-)
But it does conveniently favor a strong state. Surprise, surprise. :-)
Also, you use the word "requirements". Whose reguirements? Towards what ends? Towards peer-focused ends? Or towards hierarchical authoritarian ends?
 > you can't see education apart
Exactly! Exactly! Exactly!
And what is this list about? :-)
Again, they are not vouchers. They are direct unrestricted grants of lots of money to families per child per year. They then enable families to get their education from a peer economy or by any means they want.
No. At least in the USA, it is about 50/50 religious/secular, with the secular part rising fastest.
The new figures come from the U.S. Department of Education, which found that 36% of parents said their most important reason for home schooling was to provide "religious or moral instruction"; 21% cited concerns about school environment. Only 17% cited "dissatisfaction with academic instruction." Perhaps most significant: The ratio of home-schooled boys to girls has shifted significantly. In 1999, it was 49% boys, 51% girls. Now boys account for only 42%; 58% are girls. That may well be a result of parents who are fed up with mean-girl behavior in schools, says Henry Cate, who along with his wife home-schools their three daughters in Santa Clara, Calif. "It's just pushing some parents over the edge," says Cate, who writes the blog Why See also:
   "Results 1 - 10 of about 3,300,000 for secular homeschool. (0.40 seconds)"
 > and that these parents privatise and indoctrinate their
Some families may, it is true. Probably not most.
But this differs from state schooling in that ...?
And you believe these evils about homeschooling because ...?
And people think peer-to-peer is evil because... ?
Any correlations? :-)
 > the other alternatives are probably
Or, another alternative is having $20K a year per child to open up opportunities by spending it as the family decides. :-)
Like I proposed below. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-05 15:48:34
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Towards a post-scarcity New York State of mind 
I made a point by point commentary, but let's look at this another way.
You (like I) have been heavily schooled, and done well in it, and been highly praised and rewarded for that. Admitting that was counter-productive for our happiness or the survival of humanity would be an incredible emotional leap.
   That is kind of like this surreal situation by Monty Python:
  "Here at Lughtborrow are the five young men chosen last week to be eaten by a crocodile for Britain this summer. Obviously, the most important part of the event is the opening 60 yard sprint towards the crocs. And twenty-two year old Nottingham schoolteacher Gavin Watterlow is rated by some not only the fastest but also the tastiest British morsel since Barry Gordon got a bronze at Helsinki. In charge of the team is Sergeant Major Harold Duke. "
You also work in academia, as do many on this list and many who are the backbone of the free culture movement. Admitting that the larger framework that leads up to academia is harmful would lead to an incredible amount of cognitive dissonance as well as be risky for your livelihood.
   Peer-to-Peer, as you have pointed out, is already baselessly being attacked as a threat to national security. Adding on to the peer-to-peer movement any resistance to schooling may just be too much for it on a practical basis, as in opening the P2PFoundation for off-base but easily-believed critical remarks like "What? They not only want kids to steal stuff, they want them to not get an education, too? What scoundrels!" And look what happened to this guy:
   On the other hand, if what I say is true, schooling (at least in the USA) is one of the biggest limiting factors to a peer economy. So, it's a sad and difficult situation, all around IMHO, whatever position it is practical or emotionally tenable to take on it. And of course, I also may be completely wrong. :-) It's OK with me if you think so. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-05 17:25:59
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Towards a post-scarcity New York State of mind 
In reference to commerce and hyper-aspects of behavior, here are a few possible failure modes of this approach and why I don't think they are so big as to fail the entire plan.
One failure mode is the irresponsible neglectful drug addicted parent with a gambling problem who takes the money and spends it on drugs, gambling, and so on, or in other ways just does not spend it on anyway related to the child. No doubt some small percent of parents (1%?) might be like that. There are at least three responses to this. One is that there are currently social processes in place to deal with neglectful parents, and should one be identified, the money could be automatically given instead to a private school through some process. Another is that the community would help with such children, and the community of parents with children would have much more affluence and free time to be helpful (granted, this is a "free rider problem", although there are other ways to deal with that, too). Another is that even if some kids fall between the cracks, that may be a lot less kids that fall now, given the current system where many children from functional families come out of school emotionally damaged. Essentially, this is the analogy that, just because a few children would be better off living in a tent than in their homes, that all children would be better off living in tents than in their homes.
Note that starting this payment at birth might greatly help, because that would give the parents several years to improve their finances and take care of addictive behavior (often resulting from financial stress or past trauma from schooling that may be expensive to treat).
Another failure mode is an arms race of consumer competition, like people buying more expensive watches to show status, or bigger cars to be safer as everyone else buys bigger cars to no net safety increase, there might be an arms race of spending on consumer goods instead of school. One may argue that on standard type of school prevents spending on flashy but ineffective consumer goods. This is unlikely to be a short term problem in the first few years though. And in the long term, this is really just a variation of neglect. Some kids may be effected by it, but overall, I'd suggest it would be less than the first. One might have public announcements about this problem? Some catchy slogan about this?
Another failure mode would be unequal spending across children. So, families that got US$20K per child per year might chose to spent $30K on one child and $10K on another, which might seem very unfair to the child who gets less. This might be called the "Cinderella" problem. I'm not sure how to fix that, other than to say, even $10K is a lot to spend these days on many private schools, so there is some room in there for such things. Dealing with systematic bias in families just may have to be accepted. Perhaps this is an area where this plan is weakest. On the other hand, one still has to consider, is even such a situation worse than what we have now, where schools themselves may be systematically biased for or against certain students?
Note that for all the failure modes above, if they exist, they are also a reflection that the current form of schooling is inadequate to help people learn to take care of their own affairs and own families, even when they have the financial means to do so.
Another failure mode would be, as implied above, a market-driven escalation for the price of tutoring or teaching. Well, that is just a function of the market, and in the long term one would expect a variety of affordable options (and free ones too) to appear.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-06 08:54:36
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 20 Theses against green capitalism 
I agree with a lot of this, but I also think is misses some key ideas.
Capitalism's need to grow is mentioned several times, but not explored. There are at various reasons capitalism needs continued growth (debt-based fiat currencies, demographic pyramid schemes, etc.), but the most important issue from a social justice perspective IMHO is that increasing productivity leads to job loss given finite demand for goods, or at least, that demand, once saturated, grows more slowly than productivity (since, ultimately, the best things in life are free or cheap). One fundamental aspect of current capitalism is that the right to consume comes from income earned through a job (unless you have a lot of capital :-) as mentioned in the "Triple Revolution" memorandum of 1964.
Nothing in these green themes addresses that issue of how increasing productivity puts pressure on the entire social system, given that free markets may often be great at producing wealth (ignoring externalities or resource depletion) but markets are also great at concentrating wealth (so, the free market less and less hears the demands of people at the edges). We might get some green jobs with a greenwashed capitalism, but we'll still overall lose jobs from rising productivity and people will starve unless they have money (or, alternatively, can produce at a subsistence level themselves, something that is difficult without at least some capital like land and equipment and raw materials and good health). So, IMHO, a basic income has to be part of any future approach in order for a capitalist system to continue to work in the situation of limited or stagnant growth. Some might call a basic income as a form of charitable "welfare", but IHMO a basic income is more the idea every human has a claim to part of the commons

@_date: 2009-08-06 10:33:37
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Towards a post-scarcity New York State of mind 
As any teacher would say, if they were honest, there is no point putting a kid in a classroom chair (as far as learning anything useful to the kid) if the child is hungry, sick, tired, cold, worried about their homelife, and so on. So, even if parents spend money on the basics, that is not a problem IMHO and a kid will be better off.
Now, one may question other ways parents might spend the money. But, I'm also questioning how school spends the money. :-)
As I just pointed out on the open manufacturing list, quoting Gatto:
Looking back, abundant data exist from states like Connecticut and Massachusetts to show that by 1840 the incidence of complex literacy in the United States was between 93 and 100 percent wherever such a thing mattered. According to the Connecticut census of 1840, only one citizen out of every 579 was illiterate and you probably don?t want to know, not really, what people in those days considered literate; it?s too embarrassing. Popular novels of the period give a clue: Last of the Mohicans, published in 1826, sold so well that a contemporary equivalent would have to move 10 million copies to match it. If you pick up an uncut version you find yourself in a dense thicket of philosophy, history, culture, manners, politics, geography, analysis of human motives and actions, all conveyed in data-rich periodic sentences so formidable only a determined and well-educated reader can handle it nowadays. Yet in 1818 we were a small-farm nation without colleges or universities to speak of. Could those simple folk have had more complex minds than our own?
   By 1940, the literacy figure for all states stood at 96 percent for whites, 80 percent for blacks. Notice that for all the disadvantages blacks labored under, four of five were nevertheless literate. Six decades later, at the end of the twentieth century, the National Adult Literacy Survey and the National Assessment of Educational Progress say 40 percent of blacks and 17 percent of whites can?t read at all. Put another way, black illiteracy doubled, white illiteracy quadrupled. Before you think of anything else in regard to these numbers, think of this: we spend three to four times as much real money on schooling as we did sixty years ago, but sixty years ago virtually everyone, black or white, could read.
So, to be frank, even if *all* the parents gamble *all* the money away, the children may be better off. :-( At least in the USA.
But, I suggest, almost all parents will spend that money in ways that benefit their families, of which investing in a good education is an important part of hope for the future. (And if they don't, what does that say about their prior schooling?)
The thing is, schools as an idea have so usurped the notion of education that we have forgotten what is possible or how many aspects there are to intelligent kids. Health is a key aspect of a productive intelligence. Stephen Hawking is stuck in a wheel chair and has a brilliant mind, true, and aspects of his brilliance may even relate to his physical confinement (as genius often is a response to unusual obstacles), but in the main, the healthier people are, the smarter they are. Still, tests have shown that children of divorced families tend to do better on standardized tests, in part because they need to be smarter to survive the turmoil. So it is true that, to the extent families are happier, test scores might decline slightly. But I don't consider test scores the ultimate arbiter of healthy intelligence or a healthy society.
I'd suggest, that in general, as a result of wealthier families (as oppoed to wealthier schools) we'd get happier citizens more engaged with the world around them (in part because they would spend more time in the world around them than in classrooms). Out of that would flow many good things. And that is the ultimate goal of education in a democracy, is it not? A healthy engaged citizenry?
I know it may not be the goal of a hierarchical state of course, who may actually benefit from sick uneducated fearful slaves being easier to control.
I'd prefer a basic income instead, agreed, and at that level in the USA.
This is just a way to put the beginnings of basic income in place in one US state using the existing social and legal framework we have. And, it includes the idea of perhaps a class action lawsuit related to discrimination to force compliance by the state with this plan (if the state resists what may soon be an absolute undeniable necessity in an age of jobless recoveries and collapsing economies and massive unemployment like in Marshall Brain's Manna).
The irony is that this proposal is counter-intuitive to current disastrous economic policies of low taxes. Those current policies go counter to the historic boom in the USA from high taxes during and after WWII at a 94% marginal tax rate (since free markets only function well if wealth is spread around, so they become more like peer networks than monopoly networks). So, I have a New York State specific bit of humor in the middle that may be hard to follow for those not knowing recent New York politics. :-) Tom Golisano is a billionaire who has been lobbying for low taxes, recently helped shut down the New York State government for days, and left the state to avoid taxes. The basis of his fortune is putting accountants out of work through automating payroll processing, which would be a fine thing to do, except if the economy collapses because all the wealth stays centralized with Tom Golisano and the ex-accountants are left unemployed and destitute without a basic income to get their share of the commons that underlies all this wealth. So, I tried to reverse his role with that of the current NY governor who wants to raise taxes, but years in the future, after raising taxes worked.
   "In June 2009, Golisano took partial credit for the Republican seizure of control in the 2009 New York State Senate leadership crisis. Golisano, who had supported a number of Democratic Party candidates during the 2008 election, was dissatisfied with, among other things, the Democratic plan to solve the state's budget crisis by raising taxes on New York's wealthiest residents. He orchestrated the defection of Democratic senators Pedro Espada Jr. and Hiram Monserrate, who voted with Republicans to reinstall Dean Skelos as majority leader."
I mention the basic income idea later in the essay indirectly, by suggesting a natural progression of extending this $20K amount to earlier ages and later ages, all the way up to age 65 or so when Social Security in the USA Essentially, it is a way to put in place Marshall Brain's proposal in "Manna". :-) But starting from New York State instead of Australia, and without the corporate aspect, but instead using democratic means, including public law related to schooling.
Or, to paraphrase that famous saying about hammers and nails, if all you've got is a property-tax-funded public school system, every basic income plan looks like an education policy. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-06 10:56:01
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] no oil crisis? 
OK, so where do you disagree with, say, this:
    You may wonder whether "non-renewable" energy resources such as oil, coal, and natural  gas differ from the recyclable minerals in such a fashion that the non-finite arguments  in earlier chapters do not apply.  Eventually we'll burn all the coal and oil that powered these impressive advances, you may be thinking.  But our energy supply also is  non-finite, including oil as an important example. That was not a misprint. In chapter 3  I showed that it is necessary to say how one would count the amount of a resource if one  is to meaningfully say that the resource is finite.  Therefore, let's consider the  following sequence of difficulties with respect to counting the amount of oil.  As with  other resources, careful thinking leads to the conclusion that the potential amount of oil - and even more, the amount of the services that we now get from oil - is not finite.
    (1) The oil potential of a particular well may be measured, and hence it is limited  (though it is interesting and relevant that as we develop new ways of extracting hard-to-get oil, the economic capacity of a well increases). But the number of wells that will  eventually produce oil, and in what quantities, is not known or measurable at present and probably never will be, and hence is not meaningfully finite.
    (2) Even if we unrealistically assume that the number of potential wells in the earth might be surveyed completely and that we could arrive at a reasonable estimate of the oil that might be obtained with present technology (or even with technology that will be  developed in the next 100 years), we still would have to reckon the future possibilities  of shale oil and tar sands - a difficult task.
    (3) But let us assume that we could reckon the oil potential of shale and tar sands. We would then have to reckon the conversion of coal to oil. That, too, might be done, but the measurement is becoming increasingly loose, and hence less "finite" and "limited."
    (4) Then there is the oil that we might produce, not from fossils, but from new crops - palm oil, soybean oil, and so on. Clearly, there is no meaningful limit to this source  except the sun's energy (land and water are not limits - see chapters 6 and 10).  The  notion of finiteness is making ever less sense as we proceed.
    (5) If we allow for the substitution of nuclear and solar power for oil - and this  makes sense because what we really want are the services of oil and not oil itself - the notion of a limit is even less meaningful.
    (6) Of course the sun may eventually run down. But even if our sun were not as vast as it is, there may well be other suns elsewhere.
    The joke at the head of chapter 3 makes the point that whether there is an "ultimate" end to all this - that is, whether the energy supply really is "finite" after the sun and  all the other planets have been exhausted - is a question so hypothetical that it should be compared with other metaphysical entertainments such as calculating the number of angels that can dance on the head of a pin. As long as we continue to draw energy from the sun, any conclusion about whether energy is "ultimately finite" or not has no bearing upon present policy decisions.
I think Julian Simon's philosophy goes wrong in issues like natural biodiversity (until we gene-engineer new animals), social equity (until we have a basic income), and the systemic risk of global war (an external cost of war being profitable, which it is hard to eliminate until we move beyond the market entirely to local production and a peer-based gift economy). But the core idea of the market *eventually* adjusting to scarcity by changing pricing structure and investing in alternatives seems sound, absent special interests or government backed monopolies. From Brittle Power:
   "Brittle Power: Energy Strategy for National Security is a 1982 book by Amory B. Lovins and L. Hunter Lovins, prepared originally as a Pentagon study, and re-released in 2001 following the September 11 attacks. The book argues that domestic energy infrastructure is very vulnerable to disruption, by accident or malice, often even more so than imported oil. According to the authors, a resilient energy system is feasible, costs less, works better, is favoured in the market, but is rejected by U.S. policy. In the preface to the 2001 edition, Lovins explains that these themes are still very current."
So, the production of better solar panels and wind power and alternatives is just proof of Julian Simon's point. The market is planning for and adjusting to an increasing physical scarcity of oil, which will ultimately make fossil oil fairly very cheap (but no one will want it, because it will be dirty, unhealthy, unaesthetic, immoral, etc. same as lighting homes with whale oil lamps instead of electric light bulbs these days). Granted, the market has to have a credible alternative to switch to, but solar and wind and other things are very credible at this point, so the switch will happen and is Now, often the government supports the centralized technology for political reasons (like special interests):
   "In 1860, the government determined which technology was best. The oil industry was the favorite, and in effect, it was born with the competition swept neatly away and the silver spoon of subsidy (or tax advantage) lodged firmly in its teeth."
It has been hard for renewables to fight against all the government subsidies to the fossil fuel and nuclear interests. But they seem finally to be winning in the market, despite a playing field heavily tilted to fossil fuels and nuclear energy.
By the way, some people think much oil comes from cosmic processes, not dinosaurs. Hydrocarbons are common in other parts of the solar system. So, there are both lots of them around (though hard to get at, and pointless to bring back to Earth, although using them in place may be a good idea). But, like the stone age did not end because we ran out of stones, we now have the solar electric option, like from Nanosolar, which will soon (two decades?) mean fossil oil is no longer used much, same as whale oil is no longer used much, and wood heat is no longer used much for industrial processes (some heat homes with wood still, of course).
Anyway, I'd appreciate it if you could be specific about what you object to either above or in that chapter.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-06 12:18:58
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
What is dystopian is thinking we have a "resource crisis" other than maybe for helium (which nobody talks about).
Except for helium, name a resource that is in crisis and I'll tell you *three* technical ways to work around it. (I hope, though even one should be enough. :-)
Granted, we may not have the social will to implement any of those solutions.
Let me get you started.
We are running out of oil? Solar panels, wind power, geothermal power, wave We are running out of agricultural land? Build seasteads. Have multi-level hydroponic farms powered by geothermal energy. Put human wastes back into the fields to maintain soil fertility as we cultivate more intensively. I also discussed agricultural liquids produced in factories on the open manufacturing list.
We are running out of metals? Recycle. Use plastics. Improve non-disruptive mining techniques with nanotech (we've barely mined anything.) Use a lot of energy to mine seawater.
Actually, almost anything is solveable with enough electrical energy, and Nanosolar will soon solve that (or similar products). Even helium can be chilled out of the air, or brought back from the Moon, or created in nuclear processes, or recycled more carefully.
So, as I see it, you are feeding the notion that we live in scarcity despite all our technological possibilities, which in turns justifies using the tools of abundance to produce artificial scarcities. Which in turn makes a dystopian future (including global war) more likely.
But sure, I'm all for "sustainable development" in the sense of recycling, renewable energy, and so on. I've long been a fan of John Todd's work, for Also, I don't consider global climate change (not just warming) to be a serious issue for a technologically advanced society like ours. Again, for "Re: On Climate Change vs. the Singularity"
Again, the issue is, do we have the social will to do those things rather than let Southern people die from the effects of Northern CO2 pollution?
Here's the other thing that is dystopian. You used the phrase "Earth's resources". Humanity is a space fairing race, having landed and returned people from essentially another planet (the Moon) and having people live for long time in space stations (that's stations, plural). There are enough resources in space just in the solar system to support quadrillions of human lives in space habitats, as well as a total ecosystem that would be like thousands of new Earths. So, in the long term, while it may make sense on Earth to live lightly, in space, many bigger things are possible. So, implicitly, you are saying something about the future, about closing down obvious options, about reducing relisiency of humanity in case the Earth gets hit by an asteroid, about discounting human hopes and dreams.
So, that is why it is a dystopian view -- assuming resource limits in the face of obvious abundance.
Now, it is fair to say it would take a lot of social will to build a sustainable infrastructure, to avoid systemic risks of war, to rebuild our space program, and so on. And it might even be fair to say we no longer have the social will even as peer networks and so we are doomed.
Actually, while I like the sentiment here:
   it also has some of the same problems about missing out on the possibilities of space (or other things we have little understanding on, a multiverse, innerspace, and so on).
Sure, let us live within our means at the present. But there is a whole universe out there, to the best of our understanding, empty of life -- should there be life elsewhere, then that poses other issues of ethics.
While I agree up to a point, what is wrong with doing more in space or the oceans or anywhere else if we are happy on land?
The picture painted for a lot of sustainable technology leaves out obvious possibilities like 3D printing or other forms of Star-Trek style recycling matter replicators using nantoech that may allow humans to live an energy intensive lifestyle without disturbing nature much.
Thermal pollution or light pollution and so on may be an issue to be dealt with -- but the issue is pollution, not use by itself.
One can make human developmental psychological arguments or aesthetic for not having too much junk. I would likely agree with them. But those are not the same as arguments about resource limits.
See the work of Amory Lovins. And the conversion is happening right now. As Amory Lovins says, you can do each step, and invest the benefits in the next Life is problems. If you have no problems, you're dead. :-)
So, it hinges on what you mean by "serious"? And "serious to whom"? And "serious for how long"?
Also, some of the improvements are so trivial compared to global or national resources as to be heartbreaking. One study (Lovins?) in the 1980s or so said the cost of two or so years of the Persian Gulf Deployment force would insulate US homes so well (and do some other things) that we would not need any more foreign oil from that region. I don't remember the details of that exact study, but that is the kind of thing I am talking about. For example, we know how to build homes in northern climates that don't need furnaces. Why is it even *legal* to build otherwise?
"No Furnaces but Heat Aplenty in ?Passive Houses? "
"No furnace required: a German idea catches on in the U.S."
People have known about this for decades.
Why are their not public advertisements on 24X7 letting people know this?
Sure, maybe we'd prefer as a society to blow ourselves up than have nice homes. It's a choice. There are zero major technical hurdles there (though adapting ideas to local situations always takes some technical thought).
There are big social hurdles -- including the distribution of wealth in our society, with families so at the edge (including timewise) they can't make an investment that would save them money. And if they want to, then they have to navigate an unregulated market ready to scam them. Or fight antiquated building codes that make better alternatives illegal.
So, if you want to be despairing for *social* reasons, well, I'm right here with you. :-( As I see it, your response is one more reason for me to despair about this. But, one can still hope for better.
The fact is, there are people who make money from fighting this change, but there are also people who make money from making it into a crisis. It's all pretty straightforward technically at this point, in part from decades of unsung heroes doing all this alternative energy and conservation research (including the passive solar architect who designed part of our house).
Scaremongers, sorry. Or woefully misinformed. Or technological pessimists. Or people who like living in fear.
They are another reason to be a *social* pessimist, of course. :-(
Peak oil may be a technical fact, but the analysis of what that fact means in today's society is a different story. As above, it is a non-issue given alternatives. In any case, the reason to switch away from oil is the external costs of pollution to our environment and the corrupting effect of centralized energy systems on our politics. And it is something that, for those two reasons, should have happened a long time ago. It is sad it has taken this long.
Jimmy Carter's long ago advice:
We are at a turning point in our history. There are two paths to choose. One is a path I've warned about tonight, the path that leads to fragmentation and self-interest. Down that road lies a mistaken idea of freedom, the right to grasp for ourselves some advantage over others. That path would be one of constant conflict between narrow interests ending in chaos and immobility. It is a certain route to failure.
   All the traditions of our past, all the lessons of our heritage, all the promises of our future point to another path, the path of common purpose and the restoration of American values. That path leads to true freedom for our nation and ourselves. We can take the first steps down that path as we begin to solve our energy problem.
Possible a tricky deal behind the scenes with giving arms to Iranians in exchange for keeping the hostages longer by Reagan helped kill this hope then:
   "Gary Sick wrote an editorial[3] for The New York Times and a book (October Surprise)[7] on the subject. Sick's credibility was boosted by the fact that he was a retired Naval Captain, served on Ford's, Carter?s, and Reagan's National Security Council, and held high positions with many prominent organizations; moreover, he had authored a book recently on US-Iran relations (All Fall Down). Sick wrote that in October 1980 officials in Ronald Reagan's presidential campaign made a secret deal with Iran to delay the release of the American hostages until after the election; in return for this, the United States purportedly arranged for Israel to ship weapons to :-( :-( :-(
Still, this is all blowback for creating the Shah as a dictator and overthrowing Iranian democracy long ago. Karma.
These may all be nice, but the issue is whether we *need* them, or whether we *choose* them. I agree we should generally *choose* them as a form of voluntary simplicity. I may even agree some of this is needed in some places in the short term (the next decade). But you (and many others) seem to think we *need* them even in the long term (100 years). And that has several negative consequences, by feeding the artificial scarcity meme.
The US standard of living is awful, with dysfunctional communities, zombified children, a collapsing health care system that was not too good to begin with, and no social safety net. Who would want a US standard of living?
While I'm all for creating self-replicating space habitats, we can do a lot more on Earth than we do. Granted, and environmental consciousness to protect wilderness is important, to keep most of the wilderness from being overrun by machines like ATVs and snowmobiles and speedboats. (Though those have their place at the edges perhaps.)
Which study do you mean? Which resource does it point to?
The average US home consumes 1.5Kw average (roughly) which is easily supplied mostly locally with solar panels (. And that is with inefficient appliances. Industry consumes more, but there are vast amounts of land and ocean to collect solar power. That doesn't mean we can't use other power.
One such calculation, but solar cells are quickly getting cheaper and more efficient as more research is done on them:
Also, it generally makes sense to size for 80% of total load and use another source like biofuels and cogeneration to make up the rest.
We have solutions. We have lots of hand people who want to put in place solutions. It's a social thing at this point.
Still, there is a reason to wait. Technology is improving so fast now, we may see 50% efficient mass produced solar cells that are dirt cheap within a So, why do we need 5 Earths when we have thousands of times more solar power than we need to run our economy falling every day on this one?
Who benefits by telling you there are no ways peers can solve these problems?
See Nanosolar, even as it was obvious in the 1970s this is where we should have been investing.
It is working now. Ignoring externalities and the centralization of wealth, which are serious problems.
I agree that is a big issue. But, those swings are only possible in part from vast amounts of untaxed digital wealth swirling about in computers, controlled by a relatively few people.
Still, even with that, the market is responding.
Look, the market can fail in all sorts of ways. But when it suceeds, give it credit. :-)
 > I think less and less people will have blind
Sure, national security issues are essential. The market can only function, IMHO, in a framework where externalities are considered (both postive and negative) and where taxes are used to redirect some wealth to social ideals (including to deal with systemic risks of market dysfunctions).
It's happening.
By focusing on scarcity, and a future of scarcity, you are justifying hoarding as well as fighting over perceived scarce resources, as well as keeping peer networks from being a threat to hoarders and war launchers.
Agreed, that is often the case. But it is tricky. As Manuel de Landa says:
"Certain standardizations, say, of electric outlet designs or of data-structures traveling through the Internet, may actually turn out to promote heterogenization at another level, in terms of the appliances that may be designed around the standard outlet, or of the services that a common data-structure may make possible."
All true.
Do you have any idea how big and deep the Earth is? Or how big the universe is? :-)
Granted, the biosphere has fragile aspects. But we have no limits otherwise we will encounter in the next 100 years related to physical resources or Name anything you think is limited. Be specific. Make a list. What is in short supply (beyond human will. :-) How much do you want of it and for what purpose? Tell me, and I will (try to) suggest an alternative way to accomplish your purpose if you have the true desire to do it, or suggest a way to get a similar resource in even vaster quantities. :-)
The libraries of the world have shelves after shelves of books with alternatives. Thousands of authors all with parts of the puzzle. The biggest   problem is figuring out which really work and which don't. But the solutions are out there. And there are some obvious solutions -- passive solar in northern climates, solar panels almost everywhere, intensive organic gardening, composting toilets, cheap networked computers, and so on.
Granted, as with free and open source software, configuring those solutions to your specific circumstances may take local effort. And, since few people are starting from scratch, it may be easier (or not) to retrofit. The world GDP is US$60 trillion or so a year. That is a staggering amount of money, energy, effort, knowledge, interaction, and so on -- and that is just the money economy -- the peer economy is potentially much vaster.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-06 13:38:17
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
Just to focus a bit more on this one section.
As I've repeatedly said, the market may be great at creating wealth, but it has both positive and negative externalities, and it also tends to centralize wealth (leaving the needs of the poor unmet). One of the negative externalities the market ignores is any sort of systematic risk (like market collapse). Another negative externality ignores is the cost of defense of non-intrinsically secure infrastructure or supply regions. A positive externality the market often ignores is global human nutritional health and how that makes the planet as a whole much happier and safer.
   For these reasons, I consider it reasonable for a government to intervene in the market in various ways, to regulate or fine for negative externalities, to subsidize positive externalities (like intrinsically safer local energy production), and to tax to redirect wealth towards the edges (so everyone's needs are heard in the market).
To be clear, long term I feel the  market will be less and less important as we get more and better means of local production like 3D printers, but even then, there are some currently constrained resources we might allocate in some way (land, some mineral rights, fishing rights, etc.).
You have identified above a negative externality in the market structure, it that wildly fluctuation oil prices, in part due to speculators, is making it hard for people to plan for a post-Peak Oil future, which is essential to prevent civil unrest. You did not mention it there (but elsewhere), but fossil fuel use causes pollution (both CO2 causing global climate change and other types like mercury from coal). Also, the way our fossil fuel use happens now (very centralized) has a corrosive effect on our democratic politics. Also, a huge amount of defense spending is related to "defending" "our" oil supplies from the Middle East and elsewhere (some estimates put the cost per barrel of defense at US$200). So, for all these reasons, it is reasonable to impose some sort of tax on oil, as well as a tax on coal and natural gas.
There is the notion of a "carbon tax" but that is mainly about pollution.
   It would seem more reasonable for a more general fossil fuel tax, one which provides a floor for costs, both to recoup national defense costs and to make planning easier. So, in addition to other taxes on fuels, there could be a floor tax that keeps coal, oil, and natural gas at a minimum equivalent amount of US$200 a barrel of oil, although there might be other taxes too, or this tax might be just a flat tax, or a high floor as a floating tax. (Other people have proposed this already.)
The USA uses about 20 million barrels a day of oil.
   Or so about a billion barrels a year. Let's say we just add a $200 a barrel tax on oil. And we would do something similar for coal and natural gas, on a carbon emission and/or BTU basis. So, at US$200 a barrel for oil, that would be about $200 billion dollars in tax revenues annually. I'm not sure off hand from coal or natural gas how much to tax, but probably similar amounts.
What to do with all this money? Well, many people would have to pay for more gasoline, electricity, home heating, plastics, and so on. So, let's give the money back to the people as a basic income, on an egalitarian equal basis. So, for just oil, that would be, in round figures, about $750 a person in the USA. So, just give them all checks or a special oil money debit card.(*)
Now, what is the point of the tax if the money just goes back to the people? Well, the first thing is, it is an egalitarian progressive tax, so people who are poor or use less oil would be better off. Secondly, the market can now work its magic.
How does the market magic work now? Well, suddenly fuel efficient cars make a lot of sense. It would make sense for people to produce biodiesel from algae. It would make sense for people to insulate their homes to use less fuel. It would make sense for the US Midwest to switch from burning coal to using wind and solar (and stop polluting our local lakes, thank you). And so Over time, the tax revenues would fall, but the "sinful" business of oil would be at an end, replaced with (presumably) sustainable alternatives. And the environment would be cleaner, and everyone would benefit from that (even the fish and amphibians). So, this is really a sin tax, but without the money going to the government, but going to the people who are sinning, in proportion to their virtue. :-)
To avoid a sudden shock, maybe this US$200 a barrel tax (and other fossil fuel tax) could be phased in over three years -- but I'd be all for just doing it all at once, just to avoid surprises. :-) It would take some solid political will to pass it, and more political will so everyone knew the government was going to keep this tax for a long, long time, so people could plan around it.
Europe has long had higher taxes on oil use, and so Europe is already doing this to some extent, and has much better energy efficiency in general per unit of GDP than the USA.
Now, if I can propose such a simple way to solve the Peak Oil crisis, one that is egalitarian and trivially implementable in terms of policy (even if it would face huge political hurdles from vested interests), then how do we have a resource crisis in relation to fossil fuel use? We don't. We have a political crisis of special interests who have privatized profits while socializing costs like pollution (and socializing other risks like war and social unrest).
So, the problem of Peak Oil is purely social, from my perspective as a technologist, given the existence of existing technology solutions plus many more in the sustainability pipeline. :-)
Food might need a different approach, but again, one needs to identify the externalities and inequities and then construct a tax policy around them. Here is a "honest food guide" where you could tax more on items to the left in the red, and subsidize items on the right in the green, as well as give a basic income to all to afford to eat:
   One could also look at soil erosion and water use and then tax products based on those, too.
Still, in the long term, I think all this taxing business will fade away as we get wealthier people who engage in more local production using local resources (local capital as it was) and build up a gift economy around various commons. But these are policies we could implement today.
--Paul Fernhout
(*) Or, as I proposed elsewhere, we could eliminate all the banks and let the Social Security administration run currency transfers given we have no privacy anymore in banking transactions anyway, and the big banks were already effectively socialized:
   "A modest proposal for transitioning the USA to a post-scarcity paradigm"

@_date: 2009-08-08 15:29:18
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 20 Theses against green capitalism 
You might want to look at this talk by Bruce Stirling: :-)
    He suggests we not focus too much on stuff that dead people can do better than us. :-)
Sure, efficiency and voluntary simplicity is a great idea. But it really is not much of a goal of life as much as a facilitator of living well.
Also, we humans have created so much climate change, and so many other changes on a geological scale, and we are now aware of some concerns like asteroid impacts, that I don't think as a species we can in good conscience just turn back, even if many people of good will may as individuals turn back and simplify their individual lives. So, we need to figure out good ways to go forward as a species IMHO (or maybe fragment as a species and so on).
If one wants to use resources more efficiently so we can support more human life in the same space, that's a different story. But I don't see us anywhere near our limits for some things, like energy use if we used solar energy from PV panels on Earth, or if we migrated into the solar system and space habitats.
Shutting down our economy might even be bad in that sense -- having done so much damage but abandoning the chance to make up for it with something grander. Something I wrote on that seventeen years ago or so:
   "A letter from Gaia to humanity on the joy of expectation "
A letter from Gaia to humanity on the joy of expectation
   Don't cry for me. When I let you evolve I knew it might cost the
rhino and the tiger. I knew the rain forests would be cut down. I
knew the rivers would be poisoned. I knew the ocean would turn to
filth. I knew it would cost most of the species that are me.
   What is the death of most of my species to me? It is only sleep.
In ten million years I will have it all back again and more. This
has happened many times already. Complex and fragile species will
break along with the webs they are in. Robust and widespread
species will persist along with simpler webs. In time these
survivors will radiate to cover the globe in diversity again. Each
time I come back in beauty like a bush pruned and regrown.
   Be happy for me. Over and over again I have tried to give birth to
more Gaias. Time and time again I have failed. With you I have
hope. I cannot tell you how happy I am.
   Your minds, spacecraft, biospheres, and computers give me new realms
to evolve into. With your minds I evolve as ideas in inner space.
With your technology I can evolve into self replicating habitats in
outer space. Your computers and minds contain model Gaias I can
talk to; they are my first children. Your space craft and
biospheres are a step to spreading Gaias throughout the stars.
   Cry, yes. Cry for yourselves. I am sorry those alive now will not
live to see the splendor to come from what you have started. I am
sorry for all the suffering your species and others will endure.
You who live now will remember the tiger and the rain forest and
mourn for them and yourselves. You will know what was lost without
ever knowing what will be gained. I too mourn for them and you.
   There is so much joy that awaits us. We must look up and forward.
We must go on to a future - my future, our future. After eons of
barrenness I am finally giving birth. Help me lest it all fall away
and take eons more before I get this close again to having the
children I always wanted.
People using lots of energy, but it being used efficiently and with so much control or in such locations (space) that massive energy use does not impact the biosphere much; and using that energy, supporting lots of people dancing, singing, loving, raising children, creating, eating well, being good friends and neighbors, exploring, and so on. Essentially, returning to the life we had thousands of years ago, but with many of the bad parts edited out (tapeworms), and on a larger scale or in new places. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-09 11:54:56
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The end of growth? 
Yawn. :-)
Solar power. Wind power. Geothermal. Biofuels from algae and seawater. Passive solar homes. Etc. These are all ways to have abundance on Earth for even billions of more people right here and right now (if we wanted to grow).
Self-replicating space habitats built from asteroidal ore and sunlight could support quadrillions of people around the Sun in space. How is that for growth potential for you? :-)
The issue is, how do we get there from here in part (or whole) by using peer communities and a free commons? Or other sorts of peer-compatible technologies?
And that stuff about banks and jobs, I don't think anyone can blame oil prices, sorry. Money as debt has serious boom-bust issues. Automation and better design destroys jobs if there is satiated demand. The USA has a history as an empire pushing a war racket for insiders, and that is all falling apart and suffering from blowback (it's a surprise it lasted this long). Market economies can not function once wealth is too concentrated (so small businesses can not form or function or hire). A fundamental weakness of the market is allowing systematic risk that privatizes gains and socializes costs (as Alan Greenspan recently acknowledge in front of Congress). Market also suffer from negative pollution externalities that are literally killing us with cancer, etc. etc.. The market also ignores encouraging positive externalities like community. Prussian-derived schooling is strangling creativity and initiative in the young. Accumulating general social stress levels from decades of neoliberalism have reached enormous proportions. Oil? What's oil? :-) We have hundreds of years of coal if we wanted to continue burning fossil fuels.
Peak Oil is a convenient way to shift the blame from Milton Friedman and friends and all these other issues, isn't it?
   But with that said, Milton Friedman supported a "negative income tax" that is related to a "basic income", so he had some good ideas, too. :-)
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-10 17:19:52
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The end of growth? 
They are completely related questions IHMO.
Milton Friedman had a "pet" theory about economics and markets; see how much havoc it has wreaked on the planet.
"Jim Stanford, "Confessions of a Recovering Economist"
"Economics is an addiction.  Every other addiction has a Twelve Step program, laced with tough love and blunt self-honesty. Why not a Twelve Step program for economists? God knows, we have done enough damage with our arrogant, drunken prescriptions. Here's how each and every economist can face up to their inner demons, and make their own small contribution to setting things right. ... Step 2: Accept that all our efforts to explain the world have failed.  The 'market' is the holiest symbol in all of economics. It's magically automatic and efficient. And supply always equals demand. The whole profession of mainstream, 'neoclassical' economics is dedicated to the study of markets and how they can be perfected. The problem, however, is that in real life these idealized 'markets' don't explain much at all. Powerful non-market forces determine most of what happens in the economy - things like tradition, demographics, class, gender and race, geography, and institutions. Indeed, what we call the 'market' is itself a complex, historically constructed social institution - not some autonomous, inanimate forum. Power and position are at least as important to economics, as supply and demand. ..."
When people point to solar panels by Nanosolar or other renewable approaches that produce electricity for prices comparable to fossil fuel or nuclear prices, then it is just silly to say energy is a limit to growth in our society.
When we have fairly straightforward ways now like with cradle-to-cradle ideas or other zero emissions ideas, then it is just silly to say pollution is a limit to growth for our society.
When well-respected scientists say humans can build habitats in space (Freeman Dyson, Gerry O'Neill, many others), and we can point to people living in space now (in the International Space Station), then it is just silly to say we have material limits to growth as a society.
When even a dysfunctional marketplace for energy can be brought to heel by a big government imposing just one tax ($200 per barrel equivalent for fossil fuels, with the money given out as a basic income), then it is silly to say there is some fundamental limit to economic growth related solely to market Now, we may not want to grow for various reasons. When a baby grow, it is usually healthy. When an adult grows, it is often cancer. But, that is a choice we will make as a society based on our ethics and aesthetics.
I mostly agree with this, given a few caveats.
One is that there is not physical reason we can not stop growing; they problem is in the mathematical models underpinning current economic equations and related social expectations.
Global Climate change is a given. So, I just think it is too late to worry much about minor changes to CO2 production rates. Way too late. Sorry. The issue now is, how do we equitably pay the costs of relocation or seawalls or rebuilding when needed, especially if those costs are spread globally, but the benefits of CO2 pollution have been mostly local to a few countries like the USA? Granted, in the future, we may reduce CO2 for aesthetic reason or practical reasons, but it is not a big deal, sorry, compared to the scale of our economy. It is like a 1% or so surcharge on a US$60 trillion annual economy to do these things -- trivial as a percentage, even if it is a huge amount of money for an individual.
When people can point to active suppression of many of these renewable ideas (like one energy company buying and bulldozing a prototype solar home decades ago, as I was told of in one case in New Jersey) or when fossil fuels companies lobby for an uneven playing field with subsidies going their way both by tax preferences and defense related cost born by everyone, or when oil companies can afford to buy up all the good engineers off the market, then it is silly to say solar and other renewables coupled with energy efficiency have any technical limits, given obvious examples that they work; there was so much excitement by 1980 before Reagan was elected and served the interests of the oil companies to repress alternatives or foster the status quo.
While there remain technical issues an a practical basis, when I can point to Nanosolar, when I can point to homes is Germany that don't need furnaces, when I can point to an International Space Station, when I can point to recycling efforts, when anyone can point to alternative visions of economics that have worked in the past (gift economies, local peer production), then it just seems silly to worry whether alternatives could work. It mainly becomes a social issue of transitioning to them.
It is a technical issue only to the extent of making it even easier for the social change to happen. Example:
"Getting to 100 social-technical points"
One can think of it this simplified way. Imagine abundance for all takes a
society earning 100 "social-technical" points. :-) These points come from
the multiplication of the "social" points times the "technical" points.
So, 50 * 2 = 100.
Or, 2 * 50 = 100.
or, 10 * 10 = 100.
I'm all for despair on this subject. :-) But despair over the *right* things. :-) Despair about the people and the ideologies, not the technology or resources. Then, if you are despairing about the people and the stories they tell themselves (ideologies), then there is a glimmer of hope in the despair, that we can change the stories people tell themselves, like I am trying to do above. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-10 21:36:18
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 20 Theses against green capitalism 
Things are the same until they are different. :-)
Automation and better design are changing the nature of the landscape.
You mentioned elsewhere that AI was promised decades ago in 10 years, and while that was off, right now, we are surrounded by applications that would have been considered AI decades ago (winning at chess like with Deep Blue, answering the telephone like with speech recognition, acting like a librarian via Google, driving a car across the country and navigating in traffic, identifying faces in connection with operating a gun, and many other things like that) but because computers can do them, they are no longer considered AI. AI is always what computers can't do. :-)
Anyway, while your fact is true, I interpret it differently, because of the advance of AI, Robotics, and better design. I interpret it as more historical than predictive. The fact is, in the USA, there has been little growth in real wages in thirty years, and we have seen a net loss of eight million jobs over the past few years even as productivity and output has gone up.
I feel we are near or past saturation on that. Another factor has been a growing environmental consciousness. There has also been a growing spiritual/social consciousness as "voluntary simplicity". There has also been changes in habits recently in relation to the downturn. There is also increasing resistance to advertising, better media literacy, and a move to an internet where advertising works differently. So, I see change here to.
 > Second, the
Sure. Maslow's hierarchy of needs.
As far as providing free time, sure. But the amount needed is very low -- graduate student stipend low. And computers are now cheap tools. And the internet is a cheap library. So, it has become a low bar.
 > That it doesn't work
Sure, another way to see is it, those countries are undemocratic (even, more and more, the USA, with rising illiteracy and a politics of fear).
Agreed, to the extent that people depend on the market (and I expect as time goes by, people will be more and more able to meet their needs outside the market from a free commons or from local production like 3D printing or a gift economy between peers (local or global).
I agree they are not easy psychologically or politically. The same has been true when dams are built. What happens to the people who lose their way of life or their community (social network)? Money or relocation does not really compensate oftentimes. When one person pays the costs, and another gets the benefits, that is a tricky social issue. But, again, it is not a *technological* issue. It is not a *resource* issue. There are plenty of places to relocate even entire communities and lots of wealth in the world to do it. It is a social issue, and even a spiritual issue (cutting a people off from the spirit of their land). But who talks about global climate change as a social issue? People seem to focus on other aspects.
First, hope can make a big difference. If people know that any resource problems are easily solveable even sixty years away (three generations), that totally changes many current political arguments. Sixty years is easily within the lifetime of children now.
Secondly, we could be launching seeds to build space habitats next year (to the moon, as a near place, but ultimately to asteroids). Seriously. These seeds would be the size of a space shuttle and would be mini-factories that would grow from local resources like a plant seed. Here is a NASA study about the feasibility of that, from back when NASA had a backbone and the USA had an innovative president:
   What follows is a portion of the final report of
a NASA summer study, conducted in 1980 by request of newly-
elected President Jimmy Carter at a cost of 11.7 million dollars.
The result of the study was a realistic proposal for a self-replicating
automated lunar factory system, capable of exponentially
increasing productive capacity and, in the long run,
exploration of the entire galaxy within a reasonable
timeframe. Unfortunately, the proposal was quietly declined
with barely a ripple in the press.
What was once concievable with 1980's technology
is now even more practical today. Even if you're just skimming
through this document, the potential of this proposed system
is undeniable. Please enjoy.
It would be hard to do this as a crash program. People would die pushing to build launching rockets that would fail explosively. The first seeds would fail undoubtedly. Thousands of engineers would collapse at their desks from heart attacks from the stress of impossible deadlines. When the seeds worked, most of the early habitats would become deathtraps for any early visitors. Like a trip to "the New World" it would be a one way voyage for most. Maybe millions of people would die over the next decade or two trying to make this work as soon as possible as a crash program. But we could try. We have thousands of ICBMs (rockets) that could be converted to help with this project, just sitting there, ready to launch today. And after ten or twenty years of such disasters, we'd start seeing successes. It would probably not cost more than a trillion dollars a year for a decade or two to see a huge success. That is about 1% of the world GDP. That is the US defense budget plus interest on the deficit (also mostly defense related). That is the amount of money expected to flow into charities over that time period. Seriously, if these were species threatening issues that you outlined, to not do this would be incredibly foolish, even costing tens of trillions and millions of (volunteer) lives.
Again though, this is, in that sense, a social problem, not a technical problem. If the problems were as dire as so many people (Peak Oilers) paint, then even if there was only a 10% chance of success, we should do this.
We could do the same for seasteading (but with much more success as the problem is easier).
So, these would be *social* miracles in space or the sea. Not technological ones (even if we still need breakthroughs and better designs to do this more easily an cheaply). We knew enough in the 1970s to start these projects. We did not because of lack of vision and a diversion of social investment to things like the Vietnam war and other wars plus lots of other nonsense "investments" by our society.
Note, I'm not in favor of doing things in such a way with such an Iraq-level of casualties (even if they were all volunteers unlike Iraqis killed by sanctions and the invasion), even though there would likely be millions of people who would volunteer to have jobs building space habitats on these terms even if the early casualty rate was 90%. I think we can do this more safely in other ways, at a slower pace, that may get us there faster in the long run and have better results.
But here is the point -- my proposal to spend tens of trillions of dollars with millions of casualties no doubt shocks you. It shocks me. But, we can casually on this list talk about the entire economy collapsing and billions dying from climate change and social collapse. Ironic, is it not? My proposal sounds monstrous, to give people a chance to sacrifice for something very meaningful, but the meaningless death and suffering a thousand fold larger of people without hope descending into global disaster somehow seems acceptable? Even, inevitable? Even just a logical consequence of the externalities of the market (systematic risk being an externality). So, to do this thing not may actually be the greater monstrosity than to worship the status quo or to take a head-in-the-sand gloomster approach to "resource depletion" (if there was such a thing on any short time scale, except maybe for Helium, which nobody talks about).
Anyway, that proposal is just to shock you out of complacency. :-)
Here is a paper my wife and I wrote in 2001 about how to do this in a peer-to-peer way on a shoestring and with the greatest safety (using advanced simulation tools): :-)
   "A Review of Licensing and Collaborative Development With Special Attention to the Design of Self-replicating Space Habitat Systems"
   I don't think politically we are advanced enough to do this as a species in a straightforward way, sadly. So, peer-to-peer is an alternative. We are advanced enough for that, and that is a good thing, a great thing, a wonderful thing.
Here is what such things might look like:
   "Habitat"
      "L5: First City in Space" preview"
   Although zero-gravity might be easier to build, but would require drugs or genetic changes or a liquid breathing approach to work. Example image:
   Still, frankly, I feel our needs are easily met today on Earth using off-the-shelf sustainable technology, so there is no need for such a crash program anyway. :-) Unless one was worried about social issues. :-(
So, to be clear, even if I can outline such plans, I don't think we really *need* them if we get our act together down here on Earth. But, they may still be fun to do, anyway. And they may inspire a certain kind of hope, at the very least as an easy refutation to the doomsters.
Again though, if I can outline a fairly straightforward way to deal with global climate change as well as other existential threats to human physical survival, that costs only about as many lives than a major war, and only costs 2% of our gross world product, and has a fairly good chance of success, are these problems really very "serious" in the context of our species survival? They're just social problems...
 > We need radically different
Sure. I agree, as above. And escapism may misdirect resources from other possibilities. One trillion dollars spent in the USA could probably transform so many US houses that they would not need to have furnaces or air conditioning, and replace many cars on the road, thus solving much of the US imported oil problem. I think the best reason to go into space is that we are happy down here on Earth, and want to spread that happiness around. :-)
To be clear, what I have outlined is not transhumanism, which has more to do with altering the structure of humans, not duplicating Earth-like surroundings elsewhere physically. It may be risky, but it could be done by the humans of today. (Well, taking drugs to resist bone loss in zero-G might be transhumanist in the way taking insulin is, but it is optional anyway as we could build rotating habitats for gravity.)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-11 00:44:07
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 20 Theses against green capitalism 
Now, as I said, I don't think there is any reason to do such a crash program on a war-footing, and any such money would be better invested for sustainability on Earth first. But, building on this theme, for fun, let's just calculate the rough cost to evacuate the Earth so all the resource doomsters are "left behind" if they want. :-)
   Current launch costs are about US$10,000 a pound. People on starvation diets might weigh about 100 pounds. So, that's about US$1 million per person for launch costs using today's technology in small production runs. I feel it reasonable to assume that if we were going to launch billions of people into space, launch costs would come down by at least a factor of ten to US$100K per person, considering how people are already talking about such lower costs, and the actual energy to lift someone into space if you can do it really efficiently (space elevator) is maybe US$200 worth of electricity:
We could burn coal to make the fuel for the rockets. :-) A Saturn V could lift 262,000 lb to low earth orbit, or about 1000 emaciated people also with 162 lbs of protective padding for chairs, etc. The mass of a Saturn V fueled is about 7 million pounds, so that is 7000 lbs per person (mostly fuel), or about the weight of a big SUV per person. The metal weight is about 500,000    or about 500 lbs per person, or the weight of a very tiny car. So, that is easily feasible for our infrastructure to churn out per person for everyone in the world, considering there are close to a billion cars in the world today. Since we're evacuating the planet, we could melt down all the construction equipment and so on, so we might not even need to do much extra mining. And that is with 1960s technology, presumably rockets today with things like carbon fiber composites could be much lighter and more resource efficient than the 1960s Saturn V that got humans to the Moon.
So, seven billion people soon, minus a few doomsters, times US$100K per person, is US$700 trillion. The world GDP is about US$60 trillion, so, in round numbers, this is about ten years of world economic output to put everyone into space.
We can assume that with these self-replicating space habitat seeds that an entire space infrastructure is being prepared for free from sunlight and lunar ore and asteroidal ore (though it might take some time to produce it on an exponential growth curve). So, we only need to get people into low Earth orbit and shuttles can ferry people without luggage beyond low Earth orbit to a life of abundance produced with resources from space.
Also, since we're evacuating the entire planet to leave it as a nature park, we don't need to do any upkeep on infrastructure as it is all abandoned. So, we can devote close to 100% of the industrial base to producing rockets. Also, people in space can still provide services to Earth like telemedicine or teleoperating mining equipment and launch control, so essential services can be kept going the whole time even as the last person goes on the last rocket (except the doomsters who want to stay :-).
The Earth's ozone layer might be greatly damaged by all that rocket exhaust, but let's assume seven billion space faring humans can fix that from space somehow, like with tuned lasers. :-) And if they can't, well, they don't live on Earth anymore anyway, and the extra radiation may increase the speed at which the planet generates new species to make up for the current mass extinction humans are causing. :-(
So, within ten years of the success of these space habitat seeds we could get all but the doomsters off planet. :-) So, ten years more after a previous twenty years of dedicated efforts to build the first seeds and a first self-replicating habitat that can produce more seeds (plus an extensive defacement of the Moon for materials close to Earth: :-)
   Or, ten years of evacuation, plus (guessing) twenty years of prep time, and that's thirty years altogether.
So, I'm suggesting, within thirty years, humans, as a species, with today's technology (actually, just 1970s technology), could evacuate the planet entirely -- except for the doomster "meek" -- who shall inherit the Earth and then can fight it out over their unimaginative view of depleted resources while the rest of humanity lives in abundance. :-) As Gerry O'Neill asked his students, what is the right place for a technologically advanced society? And the answer he got, based on access to energy and raw materials and no pollution worries, was space, not Earth.
That does not mean you can't have a technologically advanced civilization on the planet Earth, of course, as long as you live within local energy budgets (which are thousands of times what we use from the Sun). You would also need to recycle close to 100% to avoid polluting the biosphere. And on Earth, you should not grow too much beyond continually expanding better design to do more with less or to make new types of dirt into useful resources without hurting the biosphere much in the process. But even by those standards, and considering the ocean is mostly empty of humans, we could probably support one hundred billion people on the Earth in cities, easily, using sustainable urban technology (assuming not many of them wanted to do real camping as recreation, which would tax the rest of the biosphere). With ocean seasteads, most of those one hundred billion people might even have ocean-front condos. :-)
Note that naysayers at this page suggest there being no point to evacuating the Earth to space as there is nowhere to go; but they don't understand that you could "live of the land" in space if you prepare it first with an automated infrastructure:
   "Why might we have to evacuate earth?"
    Now, would I suggest we do this? No. Would there be obstacles and so on? Yes. Would most of humanity go along with this? Probably not, as many people have an attachment to the land of their birth. Would lots of people die of heart attacks on the way up? Probably. Would plenty of stuff go wrong and hundreds of millions of people die (10%? 20%? 90%? 99%?) if this sort of thing got rushed, like entire habitats and space ships blowing up for stupid reasons, or there being unforeseen cancer hazards, or there being malicious computer viruses destroying life support systems, and so on? Almost certainly.
Would the money be better spent fixing up the Earth first, just from an ethical perspective? Surely -- maybe the last thing we want is a solar system filled up with the same kind of people who could not make a good thing work out on Earth when they had it easily within their technical grasp. As I say, the best reason to go into space is because we are happy down on Earth and think it might be fun to have cities in space too. And as above, I am guessing we could support more than ten times our current population in urbanized seasteads.
My point is not that we *should* do any of this evacuation into space, but that we *could*. It is to suggest that, with a little imagination based on existing research studies done by NASA (and then buried), the numbers actually work out (with some handwaving. :-) So, a total evacuation of the Earth for space could be plausibly done within the lifetime of probably anybody on this list (even though you might have to go on a starvation diet for many months, and you'd need to leave everything behind except your underwear to cut launch costs. :-)
So, the implication, if such a thing is within our plausible grasp, is that there is cause for hope. It is to suggest that everything people are going on about in current politics, how we need to spend all that money for our "protection", or how we are running out of oil or iron or whatever (anything except helium that nobody talks about), it's all just all scaremongering from a technical perspective (even if the social issues of inequity or change are real, and I'm all for addressing them).
So, with that as a background possibility, that within thirty years almost every middle-aged or younger human being alive today could be living in space in relative luxury, I just don't see the point for the gloom and doom about running out of oil, global climate change, etc..
Again, global climate change and Peak Oil may be serious problems, ones that may cause immense amounts of human suffering, but they are only serious *social* problems. There are easily approachable politically (tax fossil fuels and redistribute the taxes as a basic income), technically (deploy PV & other renewables), and/or space-related (as above) solutions.
People are all too willing to say, "we have billions of people trashing the planet", while not accepting that "we have billions of people who could fix the planet or come up with other creative ideas too" (and already have, as I've gotten these sorts of ideas from many who went before me).
So, call me a technical optimist, but a social pessimist. :-) Which may make me a nice complement to the social optimists but technical pessimists one often reads, like the ones writing the 20 theses that started this thread. :-)
Now, if we can find someone who is a social optimist and a technical optimist, we'll be set, as they may actually accomplish something. :-)
"Think globally, act locally, plan modestly. (Ren? Dubois)"
Obviously, the suggestions above fail on the "modest" part. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-11 01:41:45
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Dystopia in the Outlook Section 
I completely agree with your point. Also, by investing in surviving dystopia, you actually make dystopia more likely, compared to using the same amount of time and money to build up the commons.
I agree strongly with what you quote here of Clark. :-)
Yes, the issue has to be, does everyone have a claim on the commons as a birthright, not just by an "income through jobs" link? See "The Triple Revolution" memorandum from 1964.
That stuff about dignity is bunk in specifics (even if I agree dignity is very important to people). But we have a world of work that strips people of their dignity every day, so clearly something is wrong.
      Again, the issue is, do people have a claim on the commons as a birthright? Why should only some people own the oil by some quirk of history? Why should only some people own the waters? Why should only some people own copyrights forever now? Why should only some people own the results of agriculture when it depends so much on the soil, a common agricultural heritage of plant breeding, a common biosphere, and so on? Sure, maybe there might need to be incentives to get people to do hard manual labor (or not?), but there is a bigger issue here of a right to access the physical commons.
Does Spider Robinson think people can't come up with stuff to do if they have free time? Why does *he* write?
Parenting, to begin, with takes about as much time as you can put into it, even with just one kid, let alone two or three. And kids like it when both parents are around. Contemplating the mystery of the universe likewise can take endless time. Yoga can take hours a day. Parents who do Yoga and are a bit contemplative have pretty full schedules for twenty years. :-)  So, be a kid for twenty years, a parent for twenty years, a grandparent for twenty years, an elder for twenty years more. That's a lifetime of hard "work", learning, parenting, grandparenting (and puttering), and then just contemplating. So, a recipe for a full life even without "work". Likely it would be a very satisfying life for most real people.
And, that's without engaging in peer activities and gift economies and contributing to a commons and so on.
Or without dancing, laughing, loving, singing, swimming, exploring, learning, and so on.
Don't get me wrong. I think people will want to give back to society. I'm just saying that they will find a way if they can. And they will have plenty of time to think of ones. James P. Hogan has some lines about that in Voyage from Yesteryear, that as kids grow up they feel a desire to contribute.
And parenting (or uncle-ing and aunt-ing or whatever) is one way many will find to contribute to society, to pay it forward to the next generation.
Anyway, I find these sorts of arguments very dismissive about parenting. I assume most authors advancing such arguments just assume children won't exist or that they will be programmed in factories? Frankly, that's probably true for many parents these days (either no kids or the school does a lot of the parenting but badly). But, many parents are often forced into that by work situations or other social pressures.
How much time does it take to be a good neighbor, too, or a good friend? And endless amount of time, really.
Hunter/Gatherers spent very little time hunting and gathering and most of their time socializing or doing personal tasks (cooking) or parenting. They were pretty happy it seems. Likely happier than most of us.
   Are most grad students unhappy being students as far as learning? (Even if the submissive part to academic hierarchy might be awful.)
There is so much to learn. Just this topic of open manufacturing already is more than one person could know. So much biology. So much history. So much about new synthetic stuff -- even the history and biology and artifacts of new virtual worlds. :-)
"Virtual Worlds: Synthetic Universes, Digital Life, And Complexity"
Anyway, I think that problem of people being bored or not having dignity if they had a basic income is overblown. It's kind of like Civil War era Southerners saying stuff like, "Let's keep all the blacks as slaves, because being a free person would be too painful for them. They'd feel like they were undignified if they were free."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-12 23:12:51
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 20 Theses against green capitalism 
Well, Gerard K. O'Neill was a physics professor at Princeton. By conventional standards, that seems a person likely to be "reasonable".
   (I took a course from him and had some other interactions with him. Still, he called *me* a dreamer for focusing on building one self-replicating space habitat instead of a slow expansion into space drive by capitalist economics. :-)
And this guy thinks such are possible too:
That has no relation to building moveable cities in space around the sun.
One can spin habitats for artificial gravity.
Still, whales have strong bones and basically live in zero-gravity. They just are always pushing against resistance. This could be duplicated using clothing or by living in a liquid.
Also, how hard can it be to have a pill for this?
Also, it may not matter if people never plan to return to Earth.
 > Even a trip to Mars for 3 people is highly difficult now and would
Sure, on a US$10 billion a year budget. Crank that up to a trillion dollars a year, or the equivalent in peer efforts, and we may see faster results. If TV consumes (in the USA) about 2000 Wikipedias a year,
  there is plenty of potential peer engineering time, even if you have to train all the would-be space engineers first. So, if Wikipedia is worth US$5    "Is Wikipedia Worth $5 Billion?"
then that is a trillion dollars of tappable peer energy just in the USA if we can get people to turn off their TVs. :-)
   Also, moving a big habitat would be a better way to go, taking thousands of people together. Not that I'm a big Mars fan, but many are, and if they want to do it, I'll not stand in their way. Lots of tourists go places I have no interest in on cruise ships.
 > I have read that the
Just because something is new, or done badly, does not mean it will stay that way.
It used to take lots of people to administer computers too, but now most people do it themselves.
I didn't say anything about that. :-)
We can fit quadrillions of people in space habitats within the solar system. There is plenty of raw materials to build the equivalent surface area of millions of Earths eventually.
Actually, I was thinking of seasteads on or near the surface of the ocean.
Space varies in temperature in a sense, depending whether you are in the sun or in the shade. Sure, that is true about the deep oceans (Mariana trench) but millions of people have sailed the seas. Lots of people study marine On space, this one image from the Apollo program may save us all, justifying almost any cost to get it:
   It shows a lonely planet that needs caring for (your very first point. :-)
We can learn a lot about sustainability by thinking about things is space terms (like "Spaceship Earth" as Bucky Fuller called it).
The US military has something like 50X the budget, so why pick on NASA? :-)
Likewise, Prussian-derived schools have 100X the budget globally, and agricultural subsidies have 100X or so, and oil companies and the nuclear industry have 100X the subsidies, and so on... :-)
But sure, I think we should put more money into understanding the oceans. Lots more. Tons more. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-13 00:27:30
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Life after capitalism 
I liked it, very clear, though I wonder if a third option would be possible? That is for a right to emerge to make a claim against anyone using an enclosed commons. That is, for example, if a land commons is being mined, then people would have a claim to some percentage of what is being taken (or just used) by one private actor from a previous commons. Or, if farmers are using soil and a common genetic heritage of bred plants (since patented) to produce fruits, they are privately drawing from what was once a commons (the soil and the plants). This notion of a tax on the use of a previous commons (which might be distributed as a basic income equally to all to spend in a market) differs somewhat from the notion of a shared commons that everyone can draw from for their own personal use.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-13 10:03:53
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Web OS & Social Semantic issues (Was Re: Fwd: 
My own little step in that direction:
   "The Pointrel Social Semantic Desktop is an RDF-like triple store implemented on the Java/JVM platform, as well as related social semantic desktop applications inspired in part by NEPOMUK and Halo Semantic MediaWiki."
But so much to do, so little time, so many conflicting demands in my life (including issues of refining ideology and discussing it with others), and so much noise out there at this point making it hard to put a signal through. The Pointrel system is something I've been working toward for decades in various incarnations with various side diversions. And the roots go back to others (Memex, Xanadu, Smalltalk, Augment, Data&Reality and IBM's Relation Manager, many Lisp developers' aspirations, etc.). Sun Microsystems for a long time talked about "The Network as the Computer" too, even if their best internal efforts (Self, for example) got shelved in favor of Java.
So, in general, this field has a lot going on. Tom Lord has summed up what seems to be the current pressing issue, as we transition to a "Noosphere".
   But there have been related support infrastructures in human information processing systems related to ancient texts and religions and commentary going back thousands of years. So, this is not exactly a new problem. :-)
Like many things of public merit but high risk for any specific attempt because it is new (and the only software really worth writing is new risky stuff), there is very little support for it, and what little support there is, is focused either in creating proprietary frameworks by businesses or is focused on academic institutions with their own issues (including, often proprietary aspects). And the attempts to "own" the base of the commons help kill such projects. (Groove and VisualWorks Smalltalk are examples of systems that could have been huge if they were open, but are relatively tiny because they are proprietary.)
And individuals often have little time to contribute without a basic income or other niche (Linus Torvalds was presumably supported by his parents and as a student when he started Linux.) Everyone wants to work on this kind of stuff and make it free, but the current economic system is clashing with that. So, most people try to figure out how to make a system they can monetarize. Also, there is limited public attention -- there were many, many people writing operating systems when Linus started his, and there still are many people writing such systems, and architecturally many of them were, and are, far better than Linux (which emphasized performance early on instead of other issues that become more important with scale). I started using GNU/Linux for the community aspects, even though I felt UNIX had a terribly inconsistent architecture, compared to alternatives like QNX or Smalltalk (or even Forth :-) and so on from the 1970s and 1980s.
   "As a microkernel-based OS, QNX is based on the idea of running most of the OS in the form of a number of small tasks, known as servers. This differs from the more traditional monolithic kernel, in which the operating system is a single very large program composed of a huge number of "parts" with special abilities. In the case of QNX, the use of a microkernel allows users (developers) to turn off any functionality they do not require without having to change the OS itself; instead, those servers are simply not run. The system is quite small, with earlier versions fitting on a single floppy disk. The QNX kernel contains only CPU scheduling, interprocess communication, interrupt redirection and timers. Everything else runs as a user process, including a special process known as proc which performs process creation, and memory management by operating in conjunction with the microkernel. ... QNX interprocess communication consists of sending a message from one process to another and waiting for a reply. This is a single operation, called MsgSend. The message is copied, by the kernel, from the address space of the sending process to that of the receiving process. If the receiving process is waiting for the message, control of the CPU is transferred at the same time, without a pass through the CPU scheduler. Thus, sending a message to another process and waiting for a reply does not result in "losing one's turn" for the CPU. This tight integration between message passing and CPU scheduling is one of the key mechanisms that makes QNX message passing broadly usable. Most UNIX and Linux interprocess communication mechanisms lack this tight integration, although an implementation of QNX-type messaging for Linux does exist. Mishandling of this subtle issue is a primary reason for the disappointing performance of some other microkernel systems. Due to the microkernel architecture QNX is also a distributed operating system. Dan Dodge and Peter van der Veen hold a patent based on the QNX operating system's distributed processing features known commercially as Transparent Distributed Processing (see below)."
Occam and Transputers in the 1980s were another great technology.
Patents have killed the broad adoption of some of this, as above.
One of the reasons I published my Pointrel System stuff was just to prevent others patenting it.
Anyway, I see the history of computing as essentially a history of market failure. :-) The really good ideas died (or languished) for short-term market reasons (Smalltalk vs. Java, Forth vs. MS-DOS, QNX vs. UNIX, etc.). Some are now getting a second life, decades later, including after patents have expired. Others are winning by nibbling at the edges (Java becomes more like Smalltalk every year). Some are just long gone (IBM should have used an in-house Forth by David Frank (the guy who later invented VGA) instead of MS-DOS as its OS, and we never would have seen Microsoft, and we all would have had extensible open real-time systems from the start on the PC).
What is most hopeful is that we are now seeing some businesses that are putting out free and open stuff (Google Wave), and some universities also putting out free and open stuff (NEPOMUK), and some non-profits and foundations putting out free and open stuff (Chandler, even if it failed in many ways), and some individuals putting out free and open stuff (the Pointrel System by me, but many others), and at some point, we can indeed hope for a convergence (even as many will fall by the wayside in the process

@_date: 2009-08-14 15:23:23
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] no oil crisis? 
With all due respect about the value of peer economies, this is an issue of free markets and resources that conventional economists are right about (ignoring all the things they are wrong about or ignore like externalities, systemic risks, democratic implications of wealth concentration, war incentives, increasing unemployment and starvation amidst plenty, etc.)
Markets (when functioning) respond to scarcity by improving efficiency, finding substitutions, paying for innovation, or by changing other priorities, or doing something else.
Points  and  of what you list are the important ones (substitution and If we can produce an infinite supply of oil if we want, like with algae and seawater, or with carbon fixation powered by solar panels, then where is the limit? Those will become cheaper than the cost of pulling the last hard to get oil out of the ground or out of tar sands, and so we will never run out of oil. :-)
Helium I'm more worried about, but even there, since we can get helium out of the air, we will never run out of it either. We may need to change various industrial and scientific processes though -- and in ways that may be more disruptive than oil limits because few people are worrying about the helium crisis.
When we have hundreds of years worth of coal at our current energy useage amounts, Peak Oil is just a statement about mercury etc. pollution from coal and the desecration of the land by mountaintop removal, really. An important statement, but not a crisis in any way like what Peak Oilers make out. Come on, WWII Germany almost took over the world using coal; and seventy years later we should be scared on not having enough oil? Doesn't make any sense. Switching to coal would be inconvenient to the tune of trillions of US dollars, and cost lots of lives in terms of pollution and mining accidents (unless we automated mining, which we know how to do) but on the scale of a US$60 trillion annual global economy, hardly noticeable in some ways. Naturally, I'd prefer we switch to renewables for all the market failure reasons I listed above (external costs, democratic issues, distribution of affluence, minimize system brittleness, etc.) and the market is not able to price those in without government or peers stepping in to to regulate, affect, or bypass the market with their own plans.
With the exception of helium that floats away, there are no resource crises I can see that are not solvable in fairly straightforward ways.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-14 15:51:32
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Income inequality at an all-time high... 
From there: "Income inequality in the United States is at an all-time high, surpassing even levels seen during the Great Depression, according to a recently updated paper by University of California, Berkeley Professor Emmanuel Saez."
I predict: "We ain't seen nothing yet". :-(
Wait till we start seeing *serious* layoffs from increasing automation, and a race to the bottom on wages, and a flow to the top of the value created by automation. We have seen only the tiniest part of that so far. That's assuming we don't otherwise shift to a basic income, or a switch to local subsistence production, or implement a peer gift economy through a commons, or massively increase war/schooling, or do some mix.
But rather than acknowledge the fundamental flaws in modern economics, conservative forces are encouraging extremists with guns to come out and resist any sort of sharing the wealth (not that current timid policy proposals do very much).
Still, as G. William Domhoff says:
      Based on these findings, it seems likely that everyday people don't opt for social change in good part because they don't see any plausible way to accomplish their goals, and haven't heard any plans from anyone else that make sense to them. But why don't they just say "the hell with it" and head to the barricades? Why aren't they "fed up?" The answer is not in their false consciousness or a mere resigned acquiescence, as many leftists seem to believe, but in a very different set of factors. On the one hand, for all the injustices average Americans experience and perceive, there are many positive aspects to everyday life that make a regular day-to-day existence more attractive than a general strike or a commitment to building a revolutionary party. They have loved ones they like to be with, they have hobbies and sports they enjoy, and they have forms of entertainment they like to watch. In fact, many of them also report in surveys that they enjoy their jobs even though the jobs don't pay enough or have decent benefits. (And as of late 2005, 93% of individuals earning over $50,000 a year describe themselves as "doing well.") They also understand that they have some hard-won democratic rights and freedoms inherited from the past that are much more than people in many other countries have. They don't want to see those positive aspects messed up.
   On a less positive note, many ordinary white workers have priorities that they put ahead of economic issues. As all voting and field studies show, a large number of average white Americans do many things based on their skin color. They often vote Republican, for example, especially in the South. They protest against affirmative action programs. They live in segregated neighborhoods. White Americans also often vote their religion -- that is, the fundamentalist Protestants and conservative Catholics who vote Republican are members of non-college-educated blue-collar and white-collar families. In terms of their economic situation, and their need for unions, they should be for the Democrats, but many of them aren't.
   It is these alternative issues, both positive and negative, rooted in their own lives and experiences, not a false consciousness created by the capitalists' ideological hegemony, that explain why most Americans don't rebel -- or even vote their pocketbook -- most of the time. In short, the theorists of consciousness may be serious thinkers, and they work at a level that is very attractive to most leftists, but they are wrong when it comes to understanding why positive social change does not happen. They have misconstrued the problem, which has to do with structures of power and life circumstances and the compelling nature of everyday life, not the chains of consciousness. They have misunderstood everyday people, and in effect blamed them for the failures of the left, even though at the theoretical level it seems like they are blaming the overwhelming powers of the dominant class or power elite. They have made the people the problem instead of considering the possibility that what the left offers does not make any sense to most    If this critique based on studies of actual people in actual social structures were taken seriously by leftists, it would clear the way for a fresh start. It would make it possible to reconsider the many failed strategies and projects that need to be abandoned if a left is to grow in the United States.
So, how does one make peer production or a basic income or universal healthcare "make sense" to most people? How does one have alternatives affect or enhance everyday life? The internet (like Wikipedia or Google made possible by GNU/Linux) is the best example. Maybe we need to get more people to understand the peer nature of so much of the wealth created using the --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-14 17:09:51
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] no oil crisis? 
Except much of what you said about difficulties in transitioning was disproven in this 1982 study called "Brittle Power". That has endless numbers, still mostly accurate. :-)
   "Brittle Power: Energy Strategy for National Security is a 1982 book by Amory B. Lovins and L. Hunter Lovins, prepared originally as a Pentagon study, and re-released in 2001 following the September 11 attacks. The book argues that domestic energy infrastructure is very vulnerable to disruption, by accident or malice, often even more so than imported oil. According to the authors, a resilient energy system is feasible, costs less, works better, is favoured in the market, but is rejected by U.S. policy. In the preface to the 2001 edition, Lovins explains that these themes are still very current."
See also the related earlier work:
   You say essentially that we use a lot of energy and that it is a "numbers game" and then you do hand-wringing saying, what are we going to do with such a big problem, like it all needed to be fixed by a few people? You outline enormous crises, and then essentially say any enormous approach to solve them is impossible, without providing any detailed justification.
There are about two to three billion adults on the planet (guessing). You're saying they are incapable of each installing a solar panel or working in a solar panel production factory? That they'd rather see half the world population die, rather than cut back some or produce more in synthetic fuel plants or Nanosolar PV plants? Yet at the same time you assume they will keep right on doing lots of other stuff. That is inconsistent, sorry.
Why can't we make oil in the oceans with big bioalgae farms? We have trillions of dollars a year to play with related to energy -- that's a lot of construction funds, and the USA just put trillions into the banking system with a few swipes of the pen, so it is easy to do. Why can't we pave all the roads with solar panels? We already in the USA have 1% or so of the land devoted to roads, way more than it would take to power the country entirely from PV. It seems to me this is just handwaving on your part about saying big solutions (even if implemented at the peer level) are impossible, sorry, IMHO.
The fairest thing you say, IMHO, is that the market is treating the systemic risks of social unrest or market mispricing as external costs and ignoring them. Well, I'd agree. But, as in a previous proposal, one little law with a US$200 tax per barrel of fossil oil (or equivalent in coal or natural gas) with the funds redistributed as a basic income would fix that in short order (with some handwaving on may part. :-) And that is just one of many possible And you say global climate change will cause great problems unless we do something different, when it is already too late not to prevent major ongoing consequences of global climate change. No proposal that has seriously been politically considered will do anything but slow the rate of increase of adding to the problem (that is, the problem will continue to get worse every year with more CO2, but it won't get even worse a whole lot faster with adding more CO2 than we are already adding). What kind of solution is that? We still need to relocate people, build seawalls, build new cities inland or floating in the oceans and so on. We still need to deal with the fundamental unfairness of making mostly people in the South pay for   200 years of industrialization in the North. So, all the efforts to slow the increase in CO2 production rates miss the whole point of the problem IMHO, including this point of equity and fairness.
We need much deeper change. And Peak Oil scaremongering is not helping. I just put in Nazi and Coal into Google and got this as the top link of a blog post from 2006 (I didn't know there was such a site as "Peak Oil Debunked":
"Previously, we've described the efforts of Dr. Anthony N. Stranges -- a historian from Texas A&M. Dr. Stranges is an authority on Nazi coal liquefaction, and manages the Fischer-Tropsch Archive. The following link is another well-researched resource on Nazi coal liquefaction from a military site. The paper was written in 1981 by Dr. Peter W. Becker of the University of South Carolina, and gives numerous interesting details on how liquid fuels decided the outcome of WWII in Europe. Octane played a surprisingly critical role. The paper also describes some (apparently aborted) plans by the West Germans to scale up coal liquefaction in the early 1980s."
"The Role of Synthetic Fuel In World War II Germany: implications for today?"
"Still, between 1938 and 1943, synthetic fuel output underwent a respectable growth from 10 million barrels to 36 million. The percentage of synthetic fuels compared to the yield from all sources grew from 22 percent to more than 50 percent by 1943. The total oil supplies available from all sources for the same period rose from 45 million barrels in 1938 to 71 million barrels in 1943.27 ... A word of caution, though. The magnitude of the problem facing this country has another dimension that should not be underestimated. At the peak of their synthetic fuel production in 1943, when half of their economy and their armed forces ran on synthetic fuel, the Germans produced 36,212,400 barrels of fuel a year. At current rates of imported fuel alone, that quantity in this country would last all of four and one-half days!"
So, if one country could do that with technology 70 years old in the middle of being bombed continuously, you are telling me the USA could not do likewise even if the demand is one hundred fold more?
Again, I think we should move to renewable. But that one historical situation shows how Peak Oil is out of touch with technical, economic, physical, and social reality. Do we have a problem with oil? Yes. Can we easily solve that problem in multiple ways? Yes. (Where by easily, I mean, easily relative to the scale of a US$60 trillion annual world economy and easily compared to two or three billion adults to work on that problem, and easily compared to lots of advanced technology for alternatives like Nanosolar PV and energy efficiency.)
Looks like that blog is still pretty active years later:
   They have stuff like this:
"NEW TO PEAK OIL? SCARED? START HERE: CONFESSIONS OF AN EX-DOOMER"
"I consider myself to be a person of above-average intelligence and a critical thinker, and yet I was sucked in by the 21rst century's equivalent of a doomsday cult. I was ripe for the picking. ... I began to see the doomer viewpoint for what it is: dogma. A dogma is something you have to believe, without questioning it. And I began to see the hidden agenda of the powerdowners, namely, to bring about their utopian vision of the neo-agrarian society, no doubt with themselves its leaders. They know that most people won't willingly accept a return to centuries past, because most people are like me. We like our modern first-world lives! Some of us wish more people in the world could have the same lifestyle, even if it means sharing what's available a bit better. But if people can be convinced that a powerdown is as unavoidable as gravity, they may bring it about simply by surrendering to it and not looking for alternatives. Scratch the surface of the powerdowner philosophy, and you'll find Marxism dressed up in radical --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-14 18:45:36
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] American Solar Action Plan & China as a green leader 
Global warming and accessible energy supply are the essential challenges of our age, and solar is uniquely able to meet them both:
     * Sunlight is a huge, nearly ubiquitous resource many thousands of times larger than our energy demand.
     * The Plan can be generalized worldwide, so the US can show the way for others to adopt it.
     * Means of storing solar energy have been developed and can make possible 24/7 operation.
     * Solar electric conversion technologies are nearing economic viability, and the near-term goal is to establish a ten-year national solar deployment plan to bring solar technologies to lowest cost through the attainment of optimized mass manufacturing scale.
     * The transportation sector can be transformed by electric and hybrid electric vehicles, allowing solar-generated electricity to become the fuel.
   All the pieces of this world-changing plan actually exist and have been described in the January 2008 Scientific American. We believe it is only a lack of awareness of the opportunity and of its efficacy that prevents the Plan from being immediately adopted. As Mark Twain once said, ?Once you lose your ignorance, it?s hard to get it back.? We want to be the organization through which this loss of ignorance is accomplished.
Links to:
The technology is ready. On the following pages we present a grand plan that could provide 69 percent of the U.S.?s electricity and 35 percent of its total energy (which includes transportation) with solar power by 2050. We project that this energy could be sold to consumers at rates equivalent to today?s rates for conventional power sources, about ?ve cents per kilowatt-hour (kWh). If wind, biomass and geothermal sources were also developed, renewable energy could provide 100 percent of the nation?s electricity and 90 percent of its energy by 2100. ... A vast area of photovoltaic cells would have to be erected in the Southwest.  Excess daytime energy would be stored as compressed air in underground caverns to be tapped during nighttime hours.
Personally I feel that plan is conservative (and by 2100 technology will have so far advanced that any technical issue with energy of the present day would seem laughable). They only want US$400 billion over 40 years. That is trivial. With the recent banking bailout of trillions in one year, why not just spend US$4 trillion next year? There is little question in my mind that printing so much money for green energy this year will paradoxically only strengthen the dollar. :-) In one year, the USA could become a world leader in something positive again. It might give the US dollar a new lease on life, as it seems in a pretty precarious situation right now.
As it is, the USA seems to be ceeding that leadership opportunity to China:
   "China?s green leap forward"
Facing dire pollution and wanting to be in on what may be the next industrial revolution, China positions itself to be a leader in green technology ? with major implications for the rest of the world.
   Behind the notorious clouds of filth and greenhouse gases that China?s industrial behemoth spews into the atmosphere every day, a little-noticed revolution is under way. China is going green. And as the authorities here spur manufacturers of all kinds of alternative energy equipment to make more for less, ?China price? and ?China speed? are poised to snatch the lion?s share of the next multitrillion-dollar global industry ? energy technology.
   Chinese factories already make a third of the world?s solar cells ? six times more than America. Next year, China will become the largest market in the world for wind turbines ? overtaking America. This fall, a Chinese firm will launch the world?s first mass-produced all-electric car of this century. And where are American utilities buying the latest generation of ?clean coal? power stations? China.
   The Chinese government thinks of renewables as a major strategic industrial option? that will help fuel this country?s future growth, says Li Junfeng, deputy head of energy research at China?s top planning agency. ?We will catch up with international advanced technology very quickly.?
   China will likely remain the world?s worst polluter, emitting more CO2 than any other nation, for the foreseeable future. Its reliance on cheap coal to generate the bulk of its electricity makes that almost inevitable.
   At the same time, however, ?this country is installing a one-megawatt wind turbine every hour,? points out Dermot O?Gorman, head of the World Wide Fund for Nature in Beijing. ?That is more encouraging than the one coal fired power station a week? that normally dominates foreign headlines.
   Indeed, China is pushing ahead on renewable technologies with the fervor of a new space race. It wants to be in the forefront of what many believe will be the next industrial revolution. If it succeeds, it will hold far-reaching implications for the planet ? affecting everything from Detroit?s competitiveness to global warming to the economic pecking order in the 21st century.
   ?The rest of the world doesn?t even realize that we are very likely ceding the next generation of energy technology to the Chinese,? says Todd Glass, an energy lawyer with Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati in San Francisco. ...
  Still, the country has plenty of reasons to attempt to be the world?s next green-energy power. For one thing, it has few natural energy resources of its own. Plus, its pollution problems are so severe that it has little choice. The country?s outsized reliance on coal is literally a matter of life and death: 750,000 people in China die prematurely each year because of air pollution, a World Bank study in 2007 found (though the Chinese government insisted the bank cut that statistic from its final report). Only 1 percent of the population breathes air that would be considered safe in Europe. ...
   ?China sees [green technology] as an enormous market that is not claimed or controlled by any one nation, and there is an opportunity for them to do it,? says Carberry. ?The combination of urgency; the enormous needs; a focused, systematic planned government; an army of engineers; and access to capital may define China as the platform for the green-technology industry So much going on in the world...
But that does not seem to be a peer initiative. That sounds more like a focused state initiative. How can we turn renewable energy more into a peer or local initiative? Or maybe it is happening by itself?
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-14 19:02:31
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Rules America: Fresh Start For the Left 
It seems to me that this section of Domhoff's work could be rethought from a peer context?
"Fresh Start For the Left: What Activists Would Do If They Took the Social Sciences Seriously" by G. William Domhoff
 Redefining Who Is Us and Who Is Them
   Social scientists have done a great many studies documenting the inequalities and injustices of the class-based social structure of the United States. However, the evidence for class domination and extreme inequality doesn't mean that it makes good political sense to frame political conflict primarily in terms of one economic class against another in trying to bring about egalitarian social change. It tends to reduce political struggles to economic issues, and to create problems of defining who is us and who is them that have led to endless arguments about who is a worker, who is a petite bourgeois, and who is a capitalist.
   If the problem is developing new policies and gaining political power, which it is, then the struggle should be framed from the start as a conflict over power and values, not as a struggle between social classes. The in-group should be all those who come to embrace the program of the egalitarian movement, and the out-group should be all those who oppose such changes. If the conflict is framed in this way, an egalitarian coalition has a chance to win over the moderates, neutrals, and independents who currently identify with capitalists, and who might be offended by blanket criticisms of them as a class. It may even attract dissident members of the capitalist class who transcend their class interests, and in the process become very valuable in legitimating the movement to those in the middle who are hesitant to climb on board.
   But a class framing is not just a problem in terms of labeling all capitalists as enemies. Once the conflict is framed in class terms, those defined as members of the working class take on all virtue, and those outside the working class are ignored or demonized, whether they are rich or not. In fact, it is very difficult to decide who is in the working class and who is not, which leads to further problems for the movement. For example, those who are neither capitalists nor workers are sometimes called the "petty" bourgeois, which in theory means those who own their own means of production but do not exploit the labor of others, but in practice ends up meaning those people who are believed to be potential right wingers, a demonization which almost guarantees that they will become enemies of the left whether they started out that way or not.
   Doing politics in terms of class categories also make little sense because it does not sit well with most of the everyday working people to whom it is meant to appeal. The whole thrust of the average Americans' experience is to break down class distinctions, not heighten them. They do not like to think of themselves in terms of their class situation, which immediately reminds them that they are not rich and have a lower status than they might like. Americans never have liked the idea of class, and this is not simply a denial of reality or the product of ideological hype. It is a matter of what social identities people prefer to emphasize, which in the United States have not included class for a variety of historical reasons.
   Most Americans below the wealthy and professional classes understand that they have differing interests from the upper levels when it comes to wages, working conditions, taxes, and government benefits. Poll after poll shows that they would like to see their own interests realized, but not by defining one class against the other. It therefore makes no psychological or political sense to try to impose a class identity on people just because there's a social structure out there or some theory says it's a good idea to do politics in class terms.
   In addition, a class framing is problematic because many egalitarians who agitate for social change do not come from the working class, however broadly it is defined, which makes them look like they are practicing a form of noblesse oblige. They often come from professional or wealthy families, obtain good educational credentials, and find work in or around university settings. Rather than claiming that they speak in the name of the working class, which rings hollow with most blue-collar and white-collar workers, they should put forth a program based on planning through the market that alters the class structure, and then try to develop a value-based coalition that includes everyone willing to support it.
   The ideal model for a more open-ended framing of a social conflict is provided by the civil rights movement, which refused to define "whites" as the enemy, but only "racists" and "bigots." Racists and bigots included most whites in the South at that time, of course, so there was a clear opposition out there, but at the same time there was room for pro-integration whites. Drawing on the Christian tradition, the movement therefore was able to utilize the concepts of forgiveness, redemption and conversion in the service of strategic nonviolence to forge a black-white coalition. By opening its doors to people who believed in equal rights for African-Americans whatever their class, race, religion, or previous beliefs, the movement was able to use these concepts to make it permissible for people to change their attitudes without violating their self-images as decent people ("saving face").
   This strategy also had great appeal because it made sense to the many "third parties" -- bystanders and observers -- outside the South who were witnesses to the struggle. In similar fashion, if a "cross-class" coalition is going to be necessary to assemble a majority for an egalitarian program in the twenty-first century, then it is better to begin with a political framing of the Us vs. Them issue that does not define one class or another as the enemy.
   This approach to social change receives strong support from a long tradition of experimental studies of in-groups and out-groups in social psychology. First, studies of in-groups and out-groups show how readily people create such categories, even when the basis for distinctions are few and minor, probably because being part of an in-group reduces social uncertainty, enhances self-esteem, and satisfies psychological needs for a sense of belonging and identity. Such studies also reveal how quickly people invest strong emotional energy in the categories, feeling positive toward those they define as in their group and, with the wrong kind of encouragement, highly negative toward those in the out-group. It is clearly quite easy to become extremely antagonistic toward opponents due to this form of thinking, which is why who is us and who is them has to be defined very carefully from the start.
   At the same time, experimental studies by social psychologists show that an Us v. Them framing is a powerful basis for a social movement. An in-group definition provides a strong sense of solidarity. It makes possible social comparisons with privileged exclusionary groups, which can generate a sense of injustice and contribute to a willingness to act. The problem, then, is to define the out-group in such a way that it is possible for people to abandon this group and join the in-group. Thus, the out-group should not be defined by characteristics that it cannot relinquish, such as gender, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or class origins. So, how should the conflict over transforming American society be framed by nonviolent egalitarian    Given the changing social composition of the Democratic Party, and the need to avoid a class framing of the in-group and the out-group, it is the "corporate-conservative coalition" and the Republican Party that should be the designated opponents of egalitarian activists. Indeed, they are the most clear, vocal, and organized opposition to any form of progressive social change, as evidenced by their economic and social policies since at least the 1970s. Framing the general conflict in terms of egalitarians versus corporate conservatives, and of Democrats versus Republicans in the political arena, has two distinct advantages in addition to avoiding a demonization of "the rich" or the capitalist class.
   First, these are categories from which people can remove themselves. They can change their minds and become Democrats, as many former Republicans in the Northeast already have done over the past 35 years. Second, these categories leave a great many people as "third parties" who do not feel labeled as enemies and put on the defensive by criticisms of the corporate-conservative coalition and the Republican Party. In exit polls in 2004, 37% of the respondents identified themselves as Republicans, 37% as Democrats, and 26% as Independents. At the same time, 34% said they are conservatives, 45% said they are moderates, and 21% said they are liberals. Thus, a focus on the corporate-conservative coalition and the Republicans as the opposition leaves egalitarians with a potential majority of liberals, moderates, independents, and Democrats to win to their side.
   But who is the egalitarian "we" who do battle with the corporate-conservative coalition if it is not "the working class?" It starts with the multiple we's who currently make up the nonviolent insurgent groups in the United States, the coalition of white progressives, liberal people of color, progressive trade unionists, feminists, living-wage activists, environmentalists, gay-lesbian activists, global justice and anti-war activists, and anti-sweatshop activists who work together on many issues.  From there the coalition has to build out to the neutrals, bystanders, moderates, and skeptics who are the majority at the present time. Within this context, the movement has to offer everyone a shared common political identity -- "egalitarian Democrat" -- that does not attempt to downplay or erase their current social identities. It should be possible to be a feminist and an egalitarian Democrat, or a gay activist and an egalitarian Democrat, without feeling any sense of competition or contradiction among social identities.
So, is it egalitarian decentralist peerists versus inequalitarian centralized hierarchicalists? :-)
Although, still, I like Manuel de Landa's idea of a Meshwork/Hierarchy balance, so maybe it should be egalitarian balanceists versus peripheral extremists? :-)
Anyway, just trying a few terms. No doubt others here could do better. And we might not even agree on what these should be, because they do depend in part on perspectives and emphasis.
Anyway, the above is framed in terms of US politics, but no doubt these same trends apply to varying degrees globally.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-14 22:12:08
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] no oil crisis? 
> or respond to the issues at hand.  They haven't so far.
Try "Blessed Unrest" by Paul Hawken.
   Or think about the civil rights movement. Or the environmental movement. Or older trade union movements. The anti-slavery movement. The women's rights movement. So, progress on rights of various sorts, even if some Native Americans had them centuries ago:
  "The Iroquois Roots of the Constitution" by Paula Underwood
Briefly put -- many, perhaps most, of our Founding Fathers were intimately familiar with Indian governance structures. This was especially true of Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, George Washington, the Adamses (Samuel, John, and Abigail), and John Rutledge. Specifically, Franklin, who was Indian Agent for the Colony of New York, carefully studied Iroquois/Haudonosaunee organization under the Great Law of Peace and clearly used it as the basis for his Albany Plan of Union published in 1754, under which he hoped to unite the Colonies. The Albany Plan was used as the basis for the constitution of the Colony (later the State) of New York and later became the basis for the Articles of Confederation, which provided in turn the basis for the U.S. Constitution.
   Some date the Great Law of Peace as early as 1054 -- a date my tradition agrees with. The Haudenosaunee (Iroquois) League themselves say the Great Law is about 1,000 years old. From the beginning it included and still includes concepts such as democratic representation, the right to impeach officials, freedom of speech, freedom of religion, prohibition against illegal search and ceasure. It also included equal rights for women and for all men, the rights of children, and responsibility for the environment.
This may be propaganda to rehabilitate Bush(?), but Cheney is now saying that he was annoyed Bush responded to public pressure in his second term:
"The story, by Post reporter Barton Gellman?whose book ?Angler? is the definitive account of how Cheney, as vice president, basically tried to rule the world?quotes a source as saying that Cheney believes Bush went all soft on him during the second term. That was when Bush ordered a halt to the waterboarding of terrorism suspects, closed the secret overseas CIA prisons, made diplomatic overtures to hostile states such as North Korea and Iran, and generally started to behave in ways that Cheney apparently deemed entirely too reasonable."
 > We have a long history of collapse and very little history of
You might like this guy's "Beyond Civilization" writings where he says that throughout history, over and over again, hierarchies have grown too strong and been abandoned (if you have not read that book already):
      But that may not be your point? Quinn suggests those "collapses" were often signs of social health, with people shrugging off an out-of-balance state that had become too dysfunctional or parasitical, and they went back to hunter/gatherer/local-farmer ways (essentially just by running away to the woods, easier back then, of course). This is a bit like Kevin's point in "The end of growth?" thread where he says: "A drastic reduction in inputs required per unit of output, and the disappearance of the price mechanism altogether for much of what we consume, would register in conventional econometric statistics as a catastrophic economic collapse.  But it would be entirely compatible with a radical increase in actual material standard of Still, maybe we're all starting to sound like Rush Limbaugh groupies? :-)
   "Don't Back Down, America! You Have the Statists on the Run"
   Should we be worried? :-)
The problem is, Rush Limbaugh is right about some things sometimes (otherwise he would not be so damaging and persuasive), since he can take a center-right politician like Obama, paid for by Wall Street and other interest groups given the way US money politics work, and easily lampoon him. He can also find justifiable faults with certain more extreme non-profits (ones that may too somehow turn self-serving). Of course, that does not mean all alternatives to free marketism or extreme conservatism are bad even if some individuals are problem cases, which is his otherwise unspoken implied conclusion that everyone else and any other points-of-view than his is a problem too. Pointing out something is out of balance in some way does not mean another extreme is better. And of course a lot of what he says is either hate speech or full of half-truths. And, ironically, he supports his position in a strong hierarchy by saying shared abundance for all would imply a strong hierarchy, and so that is evil.
Still, there are parallels sometimes. :-) But, maybe we can even build on them to draw from people at the edges of his base? :-)
So, maybe post-capitalism is not entirely rubbish if we really need to invent something else for a likelihood of survival? :-)
Still, with that said, if for the free market we can control externalities with taxes and regulation, manage systemic risks with taxes and regulation, deal with wealth concentration and related anti-democratic influences with taxes and a basic income and the government holding a lot of wealth, handle strong market actors defining social network standards with arbitrary decisions, and so on, then "free" markets may do amazing things as a servant instead of a master. :-) Until we automate everything or redesign most labor out of production or make things locally, as people like Marshall Brain says is happening. :-) Or until the state enforcing those rules on the market gets too strong and stuff is so out of balance again and we get another Example failure mode on that:
My ideas are all theoretical and impossible to implement because politics cannot be overcome. There are too many vested interests and there always will be. For example, if you say "Let's tax negative externalities and subsidize positive externalities" then you instantly create massive, well-funded lobbies of pseudo-scientists who are paid to say that "this is bad and that is good" on behalf of whoever hired them. Politicians are not able to sort out the huge amounts of information needed to make smart decisions, so they will rely on the doctored summaries they get from lobbyists. And that family vacation they'll get to the French Riviera will seal the deal.
But, to get past that, we need a more general social awareness of that, and a related infrastructure of ideas and processes. For example, no Republicans voted to end Medicare when that was proposed recently to call them on hypocrisy:
   None would vote to reinstitute slavery or repeal a womans right to vote. So, there are some basic things that may ratchet up.
Still, here are a bunch of seniors arguing against free-to-the-user medical care for their children and grandchildren, while they already have it and are the most expensive users of medicine:
Before lunch was served, Weiner took about a dozen questions from the group, including a heated claim that the plan was "Communist."
   "Are we going to have a say in this or are we becoming a Communist country?" demanded a 61-year-old man named Bill. "I've never heard of a government program that doesn't explode in costs. This is a joke."
   One elderly man yelled out, "It's a Socialist country!" Others clapped.
   Weiner tried to calm them down.
   "Let's turn down the rhetoric," he pleaded.
   One senior wanted to know how the government would pay for a program to cover some 47 million uninsured Americans.
   "Where are the doctors and nurses going to come from to cover all these new people?" he asked.
   Sheryl Debling, who declined to give her age, but was not a member of the senior center, came to the meeting to get some answers.
   "Where is the money going to come from?" she asked. "You are bankrupting our country. You guys are crooks."
   "You have a lot of good talking points," Weiner told her, clearly Again, this is all old people with free-to-the-user health care paid for by a tax on young people who often don't have health care.
So, some of this is leadership.
   "The Healthcare Speech Obama SHOULD HAVE Delivered"
   "Of the $2.5 trillion we presently spend on healthcare my plan will save more than $3/4 trillion (that?s $750 billion) in money that is now wasted on unnecessary bureaucratic paperwork and insurance policy provisions."
Instead of:
   "Obama giving health care critics upper hand"
   In trying to avoid Bill Clinton's mistakes, Obama may be repeating them. Instead of concocting a secret White House plan and releasing it to a dubious public, he let key members of Congress meeting for months behind closed doors do the same thing.
"They learned the process mistakes," said GOP strategist Karen Hanretty. "They thought, 'If it comes from inside the White House, then we own it, so we'll give it to Congress and they can own it and we'll just talk about these issues from the 30,000-foot level.' "
   That doesn't work with such an emotional issue, she said, and the White House wound up substituting the popular Obama brand with a tarnished congressional one.
So, I have some hope that we could get some market-related solutions to work with leadership.
   "Planning Through the Market: More Equality Through the Market System"
   And there are aspects of a market that can co-exist (at least for a time) with peer-production, with both a peer gift economy for some things (Wikipedia) and a peer market economy for other things (vegetables), until the dynamics completely shifts to new modes.
How about running the numbers on this?
   Grid parity is the point at which renewable electricity is equal to or cheaper than grid power. It is achieved first in areas with abundant sun and high costs for electricity such as in California and Japan.[1] Solar module prices are falling so fast that solar may be able to cost-effectively compete with fossil fuels within a matter of months in 2009.[2] Grid parity has been reached in Hawaii and other islands that otherwise use fossil fuel (diesel fuel) to produce electricity, and most of the US is expected to reach grid parity by 2015.[3][4]
If that is true, then what is the problem about energy? Links for 3 and 4 (both from BP though):
 > Overall, I try to make myself believe this or that based on empirical
 > facts.  I'll confess to panic and jumping to conclusions.
You're in good company. I used to believe more of that too. Look at my grad student plan from twenty years ago:
   Why do I want to build these habitats? Most people would agree there is at least a one percent chance the human race will wipe itself out within the next century through a nuclear or biological war. The issue isn't even necessarily about our politicians making mistakes. The fallibility of the Soviet missile command computer technicians is what worries me most. Like anyone else familiar with computers, I know how easy it is to make a mistake with one. Beyond accidental warfare, expanding populations and industrial pollution threaten our lives just as much. I feel that even if there is only a one percent chance of ecological disaster over the next century, I want to do my best to ensure human survival in that case.
   Most people do not think about these issues, or if they do, rapidly dismiss the problems as too large and impossible to do anything significant about. I feel I have an alternative to apathy or despair. Some habitats in space or underwater would probably survive a nuclear war. Unlike bomb shelters, they would provide an intact technological and cultural base from which to regrow our civilization. If there is not a war, they would still serve the useful function of providing more living space for expanding populations. Being a closed environmental system, they would also make people focus on recycling industrial pollution back into raw materials, leading to safer industries and a cleaner environment.
So, that's pretty dystopian compared to my focus now as an emphasis (even if it is still linked to what I do now).
Anyway, lots of people miss obvious trends, like falling solar costs. Look at the history of flight, for example.
     "10 impossibilities conquered by science"
The number of scientists and engineers who confidently stated that heavier-than-air flight was impossible in the run-up to the Wright brothers' flight is too large to count. Lord Kelvin is probably the best-known. In 1895 he stated that "heavier-than-air flying machines are impossible", only to be proved definitively wrong just eight years later. Even when Kelvin made his infamous statement, scientists and engineers were closing rapidly on the goal of heavier-than-air flight. People had been flying in balloons since the late eighteenth century, and by the late 1800s these were controllable. Several designs, such as F?lix du Temple's Monoplane, had also taken to the skies, if only briefly. So why the scepticism about heavier-than-air flight? The problem was set out in 1716 by the scientist and theologian Emanuel Swedenborg in an article describing a design for a  "It seems easier to talk of such a machine than to put it into actuality, for it requires greater force and less weight than exists in a human body." Swedenborg's design, like so many, was based on a flapping-wing mechanism. Two things had to happen before heavier-than-air flight became possible. First, flapping wings had to be ditched and replaced by a gliding mechanism. And secondly, engineers had to be able to call on a better power supply ? the internal combustion engine. Ironically, Nicolaus Otto had already patented this in 1877.
Like Nanosolar has patented great thin-film solar modules,
and many other companies have many other innovations?
Anyway, we know the sun's rays can be converted to useful energy in a variety of ways. It's just a matter of doing it in the most cost-effective sustainable way that also meets other goals like for intrinsic security or You are right, and you are doing a great public service. Although, as with free and open source, it is really more like herding cats -- you can't compel so much as encourage.
     "What Dreams May Come" (the novel)
          "This is their composite mental image?" I asked. Soundless; hueless;      "It is," he said.
     "And you work here?" I felt stunned that anyone who had the choice would elect to work in this forbidding place.
     "This is nothing," was all he said.
As a technologist, I do think there *is* plenty to despair about on the social side. :-( Just not the technological side. :-)
See, we need to merge these ideas with the social activists here who are optimistic about the social side, :-) but despairing about the technical side. :-(
Hopefully, that match up will not end up with despair-despair :-( but optimism-optimism. :-)
G. William Domhoff has some ideas:
   "Fresh Start For the Left: What Activists Would Do If They Took the Social Sciences Seriously"
   "Transform the Democratic Party through the creation of Egalitarian Democratic Clubs. Build social movements that use strategic nonviolence in a creative fashion to win over neutrals, divide the opposition, discredit government authorities, and reassure police officers about their personal safety. Advocate extensive economic planning through a reconstructed market system that aims for greater economic equality, worker rights, and environmental protection. No one of these points is original or earthshaking. Taken together, however, they add up to a package that never has been tried. They unite the electoral and non-electoral. They by-pass the structural impossibilities of third parties and non-market central planning, and they eliminate the self-defeating resort to violence. They are the central pieces that would make it possible for a new egalitarian movement to create alliances with mainstream liberals and work with elected liberal politicians on some issues."
I'd add a few other aspects related to decentralized intrinsically-secure sustainable technology, a free digital commons, peer-production, rethinking education, a basic income, but I can agree with that core. :-)
Well, you had me with everything except the killer robots. :-(
Do you really think you want to go up against this tech if society really collapses in a chaotic way? And considering where this will be in ten years?
   "Samsung develops machine gun sentry robot costs $200k"
"Samsung has partnered with Korea university and developed the machine-gun equipped robotic sentry. It is equipped with two cameras with zooming capabilities one for day time and one for infrared night vision. It has a sophisticated pattern recognition which can detect the difference between humans and trees, and a 5.5mm machine-gun. The robot also has a speaker to warn the intruder to surrender or get a perfect headshot. The robots will go on sale by 2007 for $ 200,000 and will be deployed on the border between North and South Korea."
There's a video with catchy music on that site too.
As I just wrote to someone else:
So, again, it's a social problem. Or a psychological one. Albert Einstein said: "The unleashed power of the atom has changed everything save our modes of thinking and we thus drift toward unparalleled catastrophe."
Using robotics as killing machines in order to defend a pyramidal social order based around perceived scarcity is ironically stupid. Why not use robots instead to produce material abundance for everyone, and start shipping free stuff to North Korea?
Using nuclear energy as bombs to fight over the remaining oil fields and a perceived scarcity of energy is ironically stupid. Why not just use the power of the atom to cure the sick and build power systems? (Even as I generally prefer renewables and alternative medicine over nuclear solutions.)
Using biotech as plagues (weaponized Lyme that accidentally infected Bush?) to fight over a perceived scarcity caused by sickly people is ironically stupid. Why not just use biotech to feed and cure everyone?
Using the internet to locate and destroy alternative groups so a few can have abundance while the many are poor and ignorant is ironically stupid. Why not just use the internet to make more tools like Wikipedia and GNU/Linux and Google to help in bringing prosperity to everyone and create alternative visions to a society going over a cliff?
Using artificial intelligence to spy on people to arrest them in order to preserve a failing social model built around perceived scarcity is ironically stupid. Why not just use AI instead to design better materials and drugs and social policies?
Using bureaucracy to mobilize big armies in order to fight over perceived scarcity from a lack of innovation, is ironically stupid. Why not just instead support collectives of stigmergic innovators like with a basic income funded through taxes or the rental of government controlled assets (like Alaska does with its Permanent fund)?
Using digital ration units (dollars) to enforce scarcity is ironically stupid, when the same computers could implement a basic income and give everyone an instant access to a share a digital commons (using Google, Wikipedia, and so on).
The biggest problem of the 21st century is, ironically, post-scarcity technologies of abundance in the hands of scarcity-preoccupied people who use them to create artificial scarcities.
I see I have a lot of work to do yet. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-15 09:50:18
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Army Asks Its Personnel to Wikify Field 
"The NY Times reports that the Army began encouraging its personnel ? from the privates to the generals ? to go online and collaboratively rewrite seven of the field manuals that give instructions on all aspects of Army life, using the same software behind Wikipedia. The goal, say the officers behind the effort, is to tap more experience and advice from battle-tested soldiers rather than relying on the specialists within the Army's array of colleges and research centers, who have traditionally written the manuals. 'For a couple hundred years, the Army has been writing doctrine in a particular way, and for a couple months, we have been doing it online in this wiki,' said Col. Charles J. Burnett, the director of the Army's Battle Command Knowledge System. 'The only ones who could write doctrine were the select few. Now, imagine the challenge in accepting that anybody can go on the wiki and make a change ? that is a big challenge, culturally.' Under the three-month pilot program, the current version of each guide can be edited by anyone around the world who has been issued an ID card that allows access to the Army Internet system. Reaction so far from the rank and file has been tepid, but the brass is optimistic; even in an open-source world, soldiers still know how to take an order."
This is obviously a weird convergence of authoritarianism and peer-to-peer, but is in accord with Manuel de Landa's point that there are no pure hierarchies or pure meshworks. :-)
   "Indeed, one must resist the temptation to make hierarchies into villains and meshworks into heroes, not only because, as I said, they are constantly turning into one another, but because in real life we find only mixtures and hybrids, and the properties of these cannot be established through theory alone but demand concrete experimentation."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-15 12:22:10
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
I'm forwarding something I wrote privately in response to someone who cites William Catton about human dieoffs (from a different conversation than p2p); this is partially in response to Michel's point on many people panicking about resource issues. I'll concede we may be doomed from panic or speculators. But, that has nothing to do with any underlying physical problems.
 > you ... really should read Catton's book _Overshoot_.
Looking at that one page:
   "Industrialization: Prelude to Collapse; Excerpt from Overshoot: The Ecological Basis of Revolutionary Change"
   the logic is suspect. Also, there are no real numbers. Just a lot of
handwaving. Does Catton have any idea how big the planet is?
You're talking to someone who was in a PhD program in ecology and evolution
(SUNY Stony Brook, but I met my wife there and only got a masters :-).
I've written simulators about die-offs. :-) I wrote the Mac version (no
longer sold) of RAMAS/age which does stochastic simulation of extinction
probabilities back around 1991. :-) Among other uses, it's used by places
like state fish and game departments to decide how many hunting permits to
give out.
   Essentially the argument of Catton is, "We developed a technology dependent
on fossil fuels, they are limited even as our population grew, so now we are
all going to die."
The Earth receives about 10,000 times as much energy from the sun as we use
in our industrial society for energy. We know how to make solar panels. In
six years, they will be as cheap as grid power generally (and are already in
many circumstances). So, the industrial energy problem is a not issue.
Even if we need to cover 1% of the USA with solar panels, so what? We
already devote about 1% to roads and 1% to fossil fuel production when you
include right of ways.
And that is just for a pure electric solution.
As for biofuels from algae, if we wanted to go 100% for that, there is
already a large dead zone in the middle of the Pacific sadly. If we build a
facility there, and clean up the area while we are at it, the ocean will be
better off. :-)
Real solutions will be a mix. A related blog:
   Agriculture is a trickier subject though. We *are* closer to a carrying
capacity in that regard.
Intensive gardening can support one person in an average climate on
something like 100 square meters of land, something like 10 to 20 people per
acre. Even many cities could produce most of their own food.
The "carrying capacity" for humans of the Earth (and solar system) depends
on how much resources human need per person (which relates to both
technology and learned demands) and how much pollution they produce to
poison the biological or aesthetic infrastructure they depend on. The human
body uses about 100 watts of power. That is a lower limit on power
requirements and could be met with less than a square meter of solar power
in continuous sunlight in space (or really, about six square meters with
clouds and day/night variation in most places on the Earth). There are about
120 trillion square meters on the Earth. So, the carrying capacity of the
Earth if humans were all electric like computers is about 10 trillion people.
Granted, people want to eat food, and do other things, so our energy budget
is a lot higher, and we also want to grow crops instead of plug-in. :-) So
clearly, our population is less than the theoretical maximum. It's true that
if you assume we only devote 10% of the surface to agriculture (so, most of
the rest is wilderness), and a 1% conversion rate of sunlight to plant
matter energy useful to people, then you would get about 10 billion people
as a limit, with most of the planet wild. So, in that sense, humans are
close to such a limit in terms of conventional agriculture (even if we might
argue up and down by 10X). But even then, we might be able to devote just a
small part of one ocean to food production (synthetic bio-engineered algae)
and leave all the surface of the planet to wilderness. That's not my own
preferred way to live for aesthetic reasons and security reasons (even as a
diet of processed algae might be pretty healthy, I don't like thinking all
my food comes from one big farm in the Pacific ocean); I'm just trying to
show how the Earth's "carrying capacity" reflects technological assumptions
as well as lifestyle issue.
Also, if we get Star Trek replicators that can go directly from solar
electricity to producing sugars and starches, then we may be at that point
where we don't have that 1% conversion limit in there, so we might have
closer to 50% conversion of sunlight to glucose, in which case the Earth's
carrying capacity would be more like 500 billion people.
We already have large farms, and if we farmed them more intensively (more
like gardens), including using robots for more precision and less chemicals
(ideally, all organic), we could probably produce three to ten times what we
do now on the same amount of land, given current agriculture is tremendously
wasteful. And that is without bioengineering food or moving to monocultures.
With robots, we could easily track thousands of existing cultivars of
various major and minor food crops in different plots, including seed
saving. And the oceans have a huge amount of surface area we could use for
food production. Rock dust, treated sewage, and recovery of eroded soil from
the ocean floor could all restore soil fertility and keep it fertile. China
has done this for forty centuries and had a huge population, using what are
by current technology very labor-intensive approaches.
We have the robots already in many areas. For grape vines:
Even for cows:
And more on the way:
"Field Robot Event 2008"
"Farming Robot - with great news and information about the evolution of
farms to now include intelligent machines taking over much of the "grunt
work". Don't believe us? Just have a look at our first of alternating videos..."
"Overshoot" is just is not a valid argument given technological innovation
right now. It ignores the human capacity to respond to problems. The human
population on Earth seems to be stabilizing well within the limits mentioned
above (10 billion people with 90% Earthly wilderness). Should the human
population wish to grow again, there is plenty of space out in space. :-)
Also, before then, it is likely humans will mature as a species politically
and have a greater emphasis on egalitarianism and voluntary simplicity in
accord with many of the planets great philosophies (Gandhi). I'm all for
arguing we should clean up our act down on Earth before going out into space
(Wall-E's theme in part), but the fact is, even on Earth we are nowhere near
the limits of human population growth with modern technology, even living in
harmony with nature. The fact that we have not emphasized that is issues of
politics, aesthetics, and economics, not resources or ideas. Example:
   "An ecocity is a human settlement that enables its residents to live a good
quality of life while using minimal natural resources."
The major reason we have a fossil fuel system still is because it is more
profitable to certain members of the elite, given the profits are
privatized, but the external costs are socialized (pollution, destruction of
democracy in supply regions, systemic risks of disruption, need for a big
military to extrinsically defend intrinsically vulnerable pipelines and
ships). So, what Catton is really saying is, our politics are messed up, and
because our politics are messed up, our physical infrastructure is messed
up, because artifacts have politics, and politics have artifacts. :-) Which
is what political scientist Langdon Winner says.
Likewise, the major reason we had a Depression in the 1930s and now is a
failure of the economic control system not a failure of the physical
infrastructure. As in the 1930s, what is needed now is something like very
high progressive taxes and some form of basic income to keep markets
functioning, so they hear the needs of the average person. It is a very
straightforward solution and almost passed under Nixon.
   So, the entire notion of the Depression as a "preview" of anything other
than social malfunction is wrong. It did not relate to any technical or
resource limits. (Granted, economic issues contributed to bad farming
practices and the dust bowl, but that was a completely stupid thing, not a
necessary thing.)
Consider from Catton: "Hard as it might be for the people and leaders of
underdeveloped countries to face the fact, they are not alone in finding it
repugnant. The people and leaders of the affluent societies have also
resisted seeing it. Recognition that most of the world's poor would
necessarily stay poor would destroy the comforting conviction of the world's
privileged that their good fortune ought to inspire the world's poor to
emulate them, not resent them.'
If a person has a sophisticated 3D printer that can print solar panels and
more 3D printers and also recycle old printed stuff, then why can not every
villager in the world live with more material goods than a US American but
have a negligible ecological footprint? And eventually, such things might
even be able to print rice. With that kind of technology, we could support
tens of billions of people on the planet and the oceans, with far less
environmental impact than now. And such technology is what many people are
working towards, often in an open way.
One example, but better stuff is coming, so you'd be right to say this is
limited in appeal right now:
   " Sushi Prepared on a Printer"
   "The New York Times talks about Homaro Cantu's maki, it looks a lot like the
sushi rolls served at other upscale restaurants: pristine, coin-size disks
stuffed with lumps of fresh crab and rice and wrapped in shiny nori. They
also taste like sushi, deliciously fishy and seaweedy. But the sushi made by
Mr. Cantu, the 28-year-old executive chef at Moto in Chicago, often contains
no fish. It is prepared on a Canon i560 inkjet printer rather than a cutting
board. He prints images of maki on pieces of edible paper made of soybeans
and cornstarch, using organic, food-based inks of his own concoction. Then,
Homaro flavors the back of the paper, which is ordinarily used to put images
onto birthday cakes, with powdered soy and seaweed seasonings."
Even Jay Leno is talking about 3D printers (and they will only get better):
   "Jay Leno?s 3D Printer Replaces Rusty Old Parts"
   "Jay Leno has a lot of old cars with a lot of obsolete parts. When he needs
to replace these parts, he skips the error-prone machinist and goes to his
rapid prototyping 3D printer. Simply scan, print and repeat."
Here is Paul Hawken's book on millions of people creating alternatives:
   It's just silly to say we are doomed because we use technology while at the
same time saying we can't change the technology we have to avoid doom when
there are many obvious solutions to these issues (except for helium limits)

@_date: 2009-08-15 12:59:27
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] no oil crisis? 
Personally, I want to transcend the market, especially because I feel (based on Alfie Kohn's work) that most competition is inherently destructive, and that a means of production built mainly around competition is in that sense a dumb idea. (Although, I can acknowledge a hybrid system of some competition and lots of cooperation may have some merits.)
The reason those prices are going crazy is in part the unchecked centralization of wealth.  There are many trillions of dollars sloshing around in global financial markets (no transaction tax) moving from speculation to speculation and doing some of the damage you outline. It is another systematic risk of markets, especially as the physical markets for food and manufacturing are now being dwarfed by other markets for services and finance.
That's one reason why, as long as we have markets, maybe we need *enormous* taxes? Seriously. Maybe we need to go back to the 94% marginal tax rates the USA had after WWII, and also lots of property taxes, as long as we have a market, with the money going mostly back to the people as a basic income. If people don't want taxes, then we need to reduce the role the market plays in human affairs. Note, this is completely opposite to the current dominant sentiment in the USA, but since the USA is going off a cliff economically, maybe that just shows the popular sentiment for low taxes promoting growth or societal happiness is a fallacy? Markets can't function well if wealth is too concentrated; I've seen others (economists) say that, and it is essentially what you are saying here.
So, what we are seeing is a reflection of how easy it is to solve resource problems because, essentially, they are so trivial that in one way, the market doesn't care about them or take them seriously anymore. :-) For a sign of how trivial these basic problem are, in the USA about 2% of the workforce is involved with agriculture, and about 12% (and dropping fast) with manufacturing (some imports happen too, granted). Anyway, clearly only a fairly trivial amount of the workforce is involved with primary productivity.
And even there, much of what is produced (beef, snowmobiles) is of dubious value. So, I'd guess we could support everyone in the USA with a good life (mostly vegetarian) with maybe 3% of the workforce (plus maybe some more (1%?) for core services like medicine, which could be more peer-ish given the interenet).
So, all the rest of the economy is "fluff" in that sense, mostly about guarding (like grocery store cashiers) or dealing with the negative consequences of the Western diet. But, it is fluffy enough to hide the real stuff. And that 94% of the economy we don't really need is the dog wagging the tail is the really essential part of the economy. So, yes, I'll agree that is a really dysfunctional situation. So, yes, I'll agree with those others in that sense.
Now, that is obviously a "market failure". So, the government needs to step in with enormous taxes and redistribute those trillions of dollars of wealth to make the market function again. Printing money is another way to have such a tax via inflation, though who exactly gets hurt there is a tricky subject. Or, if that is impossible politically, then I agree that people need to create non-market alternatives, like a gift economy, a shared commons of ideas and other resources, or local subsistence production, or some mix.
Smart countries, like Singapore, see this, and even without much taxes, ensure that core services like food production can continue to function for national security reasons, which means interfering with the market somehow (some interferences are worse than others, perhaps). Again, if so little of the economy is really needed these days with all our modern technology to supply food and other basics, it does not take much taxes to ensure the infrastructure is in place to produce them under any circumstances.
It is only extreme free market fundamentalist places like the USA that are at great risk of starvation and so on. It is both ironic, and understandable, that a place like the USA so at the mercy of the free market (grain supplies have been run down from years to days due to the Bush Admin    "Lowest Food Supplies in 50 or 100 Years: Global Food Crisis Emerging"
   also spends the most on "national security". That is because rather than an *intrinsic* security of a well functioning infrastructure, the USA is relying on *extrinsic* security of soldiers to defend an indefensible infrastructure for oil and food. So, we have "Brittle Power".
   Unfortunately, if the USA implodes, it has so many nuclear weapons and plagues and such that it could take the rest of the world with it. :-(
Or as I said here:
   What am I up to with that PU education myself? Besides being a part-time stay-at-home Dad, I'm busy these days in my "free" time (along with many in the world, such as these people:  :-) attempting to help take down the intellectual scaffolding of global capitalism one myth at a time in a controlled safe manner where no one gets hurt, same as these people do when demolishing physical structures past their usefulness:
          "And behind each successful project stands the CDI team - a talented group of professionals with decades of experience dedicated to absolute perfection on each new project."
   See, there are people whose whole careers are devoted to the safe demolition of historic structures. And this essay is not intended in any way to defend anyone who intentionally destroys structures in a way intended to hurt people. ...
   At some point, after you are done building a new building (or a new post-scarcity society) the scaffolding comes down. :-) But unlike the easier time CDI has with demolishing vacant structures, it's much harder if people (including PU alumni) still mistake that competitive capitalist scaffolding for the post-scarcity building full of abundance the scaffolding surrounds (and likely always did. :-) And I'm definitely hoping for that intellectual scaffolding's removal in a controlled way, not a big crash like these where often people get hurt: :-(
     "Images of catastrophically collapsed scaffolds"
     There are no doubt other reasons for the problems the USA is causing.  As one person wrote to me (given I had referenced Bush's Lyme disease that might have come from an accidentally released weaponized version): "I sometimes wonder with what (mentally and physically) the neocons are also infected. Historically, most if not all rulers have been infected with insecurity, a compelling need to dominate from a basis of power & greed, a "need" or compulsion to "get even" or to show those under them something -   or to at least impress someone some how. The many STDs with which many world leaders have been documented or reputed to carry (and transfer) may explain some of their anger, and wishes to create suffering upon their own sycophant subjects first, and then the world."
An interesting idea about STDs and centralized leadership. Maybe that is another reason a peer economy makes sense -- it does not centralize STDs in a small number of active politicians who are contracting them and then making political decisions?
Still, let's be very clear. Pricing is part of a rationing and control system. Just because a control system fails (say, a computer in a car) does not mean the rest of the system has any physical problems. Even if the car won't start, it is still there, and could be repaired by replacing one tiny component (an ideology of free market fundamentalism in this case).
I wrote more on alternative approaches here:
      Here is a sample meta-theoretical framework PU economists no doubt could vastly improve on if they turned their minds to it. Consider three levels of nested perspectives on the same economic reality -- physical items, decision makers, and emergent properties of decision maker interactions. (Three levels of being or consciousness is a common theme in philosophical writings, usually rock, plant, and animal, or plant, animal, and human.)
   At a first level of perspective, the world we live in at any point in time can be considered to have physical content like land or tools or fusion reactors like the sun, energy flows like photons from the sun or electrons from lightning or in circuits, informational patterns like web page content or distributed language knowledge, and active regulating processes (including triggers, amplifiers, and feedback loops) built on the previous three types of things (physicality, energy flow, and informational patterns) embodied in living creatures, bi-metallic strip thermostats, or computer programs running on computer hardware.
   One can think of a second perspective on the first comprehensive one by picking out only the decision makers like bi-metallic strips in thermostats, computer programs running on computers, and personalities embodied in people and maybe someday robots or supercomputers, and looking at their characteristics as individual decision makers.
   One can then think of a third level of perspective on the second where decision makers may invent theories about how to control each other using various approaches like internet communication standards, ration unit tokens like fiat dollars, physical kanban tokens, narratives in emails, and so on. What the most useful theories are for controlling groups of decision makers is an interesting question, but I will not explore it in depth. But I will pointing out that complex system dynamics at this third level of perspective can emerge whether control involves fiat dollars, "kanban" tokens, centralized or distributed optimization based on perceived or predicted demand patterns, human-to-human discussions, something else entirely, or a diverse collection of all these things. And I will also point out that one should never confuse the reality of the physical system being controlled for the control signals (money, spoken words, kanban cards, internet packet contents, etc.) being passed around in the control system.
   The above is somewhat inspired by "cybernetics".
     So, the market and fiat dollars is just one possible control system among many. It has its good points and bad points in different contexts. You are validly pointing to a fundamental weakness -- the fluff in our society is in charge of the critical part. So, we either need to spread the wealth around, highly regulate that part of the market (the US has tried, but done it badly) or we need to take our infrastructure out of the market (some government planning like Singapore, or peer alternatives and local production, or some other way). Or some mix of all those things.
So, what is fair to say is, in a theoretical market, with wealth roughly evenly shared, the market responds to resource problems faced by everyone. In a real market we have right now, with wealth heavily concentrated, the market only responds to the needs of a few key individuals, and they spend most of their money on fluff. :-) So, everyone else may starve amidst plenty. Or, in other words, "Let them eat virtual cake." :-(
I'll have to look more at the rest of what you posted, which will take some time. :-)
I've posted a tangentially related note I wrote elsewhere about die-offs and carrying capacity and my disagreement with that premise.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-15 15:38:19
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capitalism's Self-Inflicted Apocalypse by Michael 
Someone just sent me this link; some people here might like it.
"Capitalism's Self-Inflicted Apocalypse" by Michael Parenti
   After the overthrow of communist governments in Eastern Europe, capitalism was paraded as the indomitable system that brings prosperity and democracy, the system that would prevail unto the end of history.
   The present economic crisis, however, has convinced even some prominent free-marketeers that something is gravely amiss. Truth be told, capitalism has yet to come to terms with several historical forces that cause it endless trouble: democracy, prosperity, and capitalism itself, the very entities that capitalist rulers claim to be fostering.
   ...
   The corporate capitalists no more encourage prosperity than do they propagate democracy. Most of the world is capitalist, and most of the world is neither prosperous nor particularly democratic. One need only think of capitalist Nigeria, capitalist Indonesia, capitalist Thailand, capitalist Haiti, capitalist Colombia, capitalist Pakistan, capitalist South Africa, capitalist Latvia, and various other members of the Free World--more accurately, the Free Market World.
   A prosperous, politically literate populace with high expectations about its standard of living and a keen sense of entitlement, pushing for continually better social conditions, is not the plutocracy's notion of an ideal workforce and a properly pliant polity. Corporate investors prefer poor populations. The poorer you are, the harder you will work-for less. The poorer you are, the less equipped you are to defend yourself against the abuses of wealth.
   In the corporate world of "free-trade," the number of billionaires is increasing faster than ever while the number of people living in poverty is growing at a faster rate than the world's population. Poverty spreads as wealth accumulates.
   Consider the United States. In the last eight years alone, while vast fortunes accrued at record rates, an additional six million Americans sank below the poverty level; median family income declined by over $2,000; consumer debt more than doubled; over seven million Americans lost their health insurance, and more than four million lost their pensions; meanwhile homelessness increased and housing foreclosures reached pandemic levels.
   It is only in countries where capitalism has been reined in to some degree by social democracy that the populace has been able to secure a measure of prosperity; northern European nations such as Sweden, Norway, Finland, and Denmark come to mind. But even in these social democracies popular gains are always at risk of being rolled back.
   It is ironic to credit capitalism with the genius of economic prosperity when most attempts at material betterment have been vehemently and sometimes violently resisted by the capitalist class. The history of labor struggle provides endless illustration of this.
   To the extent that life is bearable under the present U.S. economic order, it is because millions of people have waged bitter class struggles to advance their living standards and their rights as citizens, bringing some measure of humanity to an otherwise heartless politico-economic order.
   ...
   In sum, free-market corporate capitalism is by its nature a disaster waiting to happen. Its essence is the transformation of living nature into mountains of commodities and commodities into heaps of dead capital. When left entirely to its own devices, capitalism foists its diseconomies and toxicity upon the general public and upon the natural environment--and eventually begins to devour itself.
   The immense inequality in economic power that exists in our capitalist society translates into a formidable inequality of political power, which makes it all the more difficult to impose democratic regulations.
   If the paladins of Corporate America want to know what really threatens "our way of life," it is their way of life, their boundless way of pilfering their own system, destroying the very foundation on which they stand, the very community on which they so lavishly feed.
Anyway, this helps explain why in theory markets work to some extent (ignoring external costs etc.), but in practice, if a rich-poor divide increases, given it takes money to make money, then eventually markets will fail in various ways if not taxed and regulated -- although even then, excessive wealth in markets may capture the taxing and regulating processes to their own benefit. That is one point made in "Capitalism hits the fan":
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-15 16:33:26
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FOSS modeling tools (was Re: Earth's carrying 
> Personally I wish a programmer type would produce an open source modelling
 > tool of the simplicity and clarity associated with Stella which I started
 > using on the mac almost 20 years ago. We need a graphical modeling
 > environment that allows simple math models to be visualized as Stella
 > does.
 > I've long looked for a free/open source substitute but have found none.
 > I'd be very interested if anyone has seen something of that sort.
 >
 > I have long wished for an open P2P math model environment where complex
 > math models would be built, linked and vetted collaboratively as with a
 > wiki.  I know of no such project.
I'd love to do that kind of stuff.
One proposal was shot down by the NSF twelve years ago (1997): :-(
   ... We plan to enhance the product so users can develop their own models and modify existing models and collaborate with others by sharing models and data over the internet. ... The modeling framework of version 2.0 will support the development of models ranging from very simple to complex. Users will choose a base model, then add their own equations and methods or modify existing ones. The model development environment will include debugging, version control, and flexible data storage. Sharing of model code and data will be supported so that collaborative efforts will be possible over the That was intended to be a general tool, even if at the time it was oriented towards agricultural simulation.
We ran out of money after 1.1 (released under the GPL with source) and spent years working for others on unrelated stuff to pay back vast amounts of money we borrowed for living expenses to finish the first version. :-(
Granted, we did not keep trying with lots of other funding sources.
So, if you want to know why there is not free (and better) alternative to proprietary stuff like you mention, that is part of the story. Of course, *now* NSF funds some open stuff and related conferences,
"NSF Workshop on Modeling and Simulation for Design of Large Software-Intensive Systems: Challenges and New Research Directions (DLS03) [Dec 3-4, 2003] "
   but without PhDs, we're not "qualified" in that sense these days, especially with the vast competition for grants.
   And the US government still funds lots of proprietary stuff, so even when universities get grants, you can't assume to be working on stuff that is free and open source.
Below I will attach some recommendations about current open source modeling software written from a homeschooling perspective. One might be able to start from those links and build up a whole environment for modeling these sorts of issues.
Here is also another source of information I sent to a homeschooler with a child interested in political science and video games:
Tell [name] I appreciate him mentioning that there were websites about political games written in flash; I see there are a few:
   By the way, here is a link for him also related to mixing his political science interests with simulation and games (academic stuff like SimCity):
   "Artificial Society is the specific agent based computational model for computer simulation in social analysis. It is mostly connected to the theme in complex system, emergence, Monte Carlo Method, computational sociology, multi-agent system, and evolutionary programming. The concept itself is simple enough. Actually reaching this conceptual point took a while. Complex mathematical models have been, and are, common; deceivingly simple models only have their roots in the late forties, and took the advent of the microcomputer to really get up to speed."
   A few posts I had made about that field in 2002 (although most of the links in those posts are no longer working):
   Here is a related older book:
   "Growing Artificial Societies"
      And a recent article:
   A classical example:
   So, lots of fun stuff that is also linked to cutting edge political science.
So yes, this is a very exciting area of research (even a dozen years later) that I am still interested in.
Implicitly, a lot of what we are doing in the free culture movement is creating for free and in public the equivalent of what neoconvervatives in the USA did with lots of money in private. :-) Not to say money would not help. :-)
One could easily have hundreds (even thousands) of people in a research institute working on this kind of stuff. Would be a lot of fun. :-)
The Brookings Institution had people doing that for a long time (links above to a book by Joshua M. Epstein and Robert Axtell; Epstein is still at A simulation and modeling and analysis environment might be one part of a proposal in relation to the funding opportunities that you and Michel have posted to the list for education and EU citizen participation and peer governance. It also links with the Joseph Jackson initiative on games to an extent. So, maybe, a long time later, such is now possible? I can hope it is true for somebody. I agree the word really needs this sort of tool.
Anyway, such tools are all part of what I wanted the kitchen-sink of the Pointrel Social Semantic Desktop to have as plug-in modules (or perhaps just plugins that acted as gateways to existing mathematical packages like mentioned below).
  For whatever reason, I just end up writing more emails instead though these days though; I'm tremendously torn between writing more on abundance issues and working on such software. I really should be working on the software though, since, unlike writing emails, there is some tiny hope (as discussed on the Open Manufacturing list) that I could supply a fee-based add-on service for convenience for using the FOSS software. For example, if I could get 50,000 users of the FOSS Pointrel system, and 1% paid US$100 a year for the convenience of a related service like a relay server that was pre-configured and backed up and came with an hour of tech support, that would be terrific and let me keep doing that indefinitely. Still, with Google Wave and Microsoft-owned Groove and NEPOMUK and several other packages (OpenKollab in yet another attempt), it's not clear if the world needs a new platform though, even if I feel my approach has some interesting different characteristics. It is potentially more p2p in some ways,  because it is intended to support keeping a copy of all information on the desktop, plus running on Java it is fairly cross-platform, plus the data format is designed to be extensible in a semantic web sort of way.
Anyway, I'd be happy to be on any such proposals for such modeling tools, content, and supporting infrastructure as long as the work was free and open source. :-) Might as well get paid for stuff I want to do anyway, so I can keep doing it longer. :-) Or afford to go to related conferences, etc. :-)
--Paul Fernhout
Sent to a local homeschooling list, in response to a question about math Re: Algebra and Beyond Software; 6/7/07 4:58 PM
Here is a link to a discussion about "Open Source Math Software For
   It does not discuss curricula (perhaps that was more your interest?) but
does discusses computer software tools which does mathematical things.
In general, these sorts of tools can be wonderful playthings if you
and/or your child have the time and inclination to wrestle with them.
Another summary link:
   "Software for Mathematics Education"
   Here is another link to a discussion of three big free software packages:
    The big three mentioned there are:
   Scilab
   "Scilab is a scientific software package for numerical computations
providing a powerful open computing environment for engineering and
scientific applications."
See also the related Scicos:
   "Scicos is a graphical dynamical system modeler and simulator toolbox
included in the  Scilab ?  engineering and scientific computation
software. With Scicos you can create block diagrams to model and
simulate the dynamics of hybrid dynamical systems and compile your
models into executable code. Scicos is used for signal processing,
systems control, queuing systems, and to study physical and biological
systems. New extensions allow generation of component based modeling of
electrical and hydraulic circuits using  the Modelica language."
   Maxima
   "Maxima is a system for the manipulation of symbolic and numerical
expressions, including differentiation, integration, Taylor series,
Laplace transforms, ordinary differential equations, systems of linear
equations, polynomials, and sets, lists, vectors, matrices, and tensors.
Maxima yields high precision numeric results by using exact fractions,
arbitrary precision integers, and arbitrarily precision floating point
numbers. Maxima can plot functions and data in two and three dimensions."
   R
   "R is a free software environment for statistical computing and
graphics. It compiles and runs on a wide variety of UNIX platforms,
Windows and MacOS."
Here is another free package discussed at the first link:
   "GNU Octave is a high-level language, primarily intended for numerical
computations. It provides a convenient command line interface for
solving linear and nonlinear problems numerically, and for performing
other numerical experiments using a language that is mostly compatible
with Matlab."
Here is another (simpler) free package for statistics and plotting:
   "Gnuplot  is a portable command-line driven interactive data and
function plotting utility for UNIX, IBM OS/2, MS Windows, DOS,
Macintosh, VMS, Atari and many other platforms. "
However, to get a lot out of any of them, you have to put some time into
them and probably consult additional reference materials in their
tutorial manuals, on the web, and/or in related textbooks. Also, these
tools are all are a matter of convenience -- a general purpose
programming tool with some good libraries (e.g. Python + SciPy)
      can let you do pretty much anything these specialized packages do and in
a much more expandable way -- it just takes *much* more time and
understanding to work with the general tools (though you learn a lot
doing that). I'd suggest perhaps doing both -- play with the tools *and*
try to learn how to program with various packages. :-)
As you can see from especially the third link above, there are several
other tools. I'm not sure how well all of these run under other
operating systems (most probably do run under Windows, but my wife and I
don't use that ourselves anymore except under emulation on the Mac or
Linux). You can probably find most of theses tools included (or easily
loadable) in Ubuntu (a version of GNU/Linux), which is available for
free here (you can download and burn a bootable CD to run these when you
want by rebooting, even if you run Windows):
   and they also mail out free CDs (but it may take some time -- see the
links on that page). There is also an "Edubuntu" educational variant,
but it seems more targeted at schools and I haven't tried it.
Instructions for loading some of these packages into Ubuntu:
Any one of these packages is a project to get to know and understand. It
might takes quite a while to get a feel for them. But I think mastering
any of these packages will have a lot of practical value -- more so than
doing some paper exercises.
While our child is [not that old] (and so I haven't tried to use these
packages to teach him math; I'm still focusing on John Holt's ideas of
seeing how small numbers like nine can be broken down and assembled many
ways), I have been involved tangentially with some people doing
mathematical education using computer software for more advanced math,
primarily using the programming language Python.
   There is a newer way of thinking about math and physics which suggests
thinking about that as just a subpart of computer programming, rather
than a more classical school subject approach which often puts computer
programming as an add-on under math & physics. :-) Essentially, by
developing programs and simulations of interest to a child, a child
learns more and more about basic principles of mathematics they need to
solve problems of interest to them, as well as to develop a certain type
of mathematical thinking skills related to precision and causality and
symbol manipulation and so on. Learning to program then becomes the
stepping stone to learning about math and physics.
For example, a child can learn a lot about trigonometry by just playing
around with a 2D or 3D turtle:
   "turtle -- Turtle graphics for Tk using Python"
   However they typically need to learn a little programming first (like
how to write a loop). Consider, for example, this college assignment:
   "Mandelbrot, Turtle Graphics and L-Systems in Python"
   I would think those sorts of experiments could keep a high schooler busy
for quite a while, while also learning about angles and distances and
mathematical reasoning (while they debug their graphical programs); but
I wouldn't try those as a first step for someone who did not already
know programming. Here is a simple code snippet for someone wanting to
learn some simple programming and turtle graphics with Python:
   "Turtle Graphics (Python)"
   Modify that to draw a few geometric shapes (cubes, octagons,
parallelograms, etc.) and it's a start down the path of 2D geometry. :-)
Here is a bigger set of links (mostly programs) related to
Python+Geometry for homeschoolers
   In general the author of that site has a lot to say about the
intersection of computing and mathematics.
To get more advanced in 3D geometry, here is a free package by the late
Arthur Siegel to do interactive 3D geometry in Python:
   "PyGeo is most fundamentally a framework for the creation of dynamic
geometric constructions - i.e. constructions which embody defined and
persistent geometric relationships responsive to real time on-screen
interactivity. PyGeo is, further, an implementation of this underlying
abstract framework - exposing a range of geometric objects as the
building blocks for virtual, dynamic geometric constructions. The focus
is away from Euclidian geometry and metrics, and toward later geometric
and mathematical developments - particularly those connected with
projective geometry of real space, and the geometry of complex numbers
on the plane and on the unit (Riemann) sphere."
Nothing about school-style trigonometry "proofs" there though -- except
the ones you build for yourself in passing to debug things. Here's lots
of links related to logic software and logic education if you want to
focus on proofs (includes some links to theorem provers):
   But I would think this a dustier and drier route for most kids to get an
intuition for geometrical things than indirectly via programming.
By the way, some fraction of the population has trouble visualizing or
rotating things in 2D or 3D,
   so some kids find geometry much easier than others. I think 3D spatial
visualization tools may help narrow that gap, especially tools which can
make the 3d object rotate (at least slightly). Related exercises:
"Spatial Encounters: Exercises in Spatial Awareness."
Likewise some kids almost need to visualize things to feel they
understand them as opposed to accept purely symbolic representations;
there are various approaches to mathematics that are more highly visual
than others. Example:
   If there is one issue that may make or break in some advanced math
studies, it is an ability to visualize. If the kid in question isn't
good at that, it may help more to focus early on visualization skills
(including blueprint reading) than to move ahead to more advanced topics.
Here is another programming language system Squeak (Smalltalk) which has
various educational tools in it like turtles:
   It has a steeper learning curve than Python though.
In my own life I've found the only major use for trigonometry was
writing 3D graphics software. :-) Here is a example of such software
  "PlantStudio Botanical Illustration Software is a tool for creating 3D
plant models and 2D illustrations. PlantStudio simulates herbaceous
(non-woody) plants like wildflowers and cut flowers, vegetables, weeds,
grasses, and herbs using a parameter-driven simulation of plant growth
and structure. You can "grow" plants over their life cycles, producing
lifelike images at any age. You can design, animate and breed a wide
variety of plants. By using the "evolutionary arts" of variation and
selection in the plant breeder, you can quickly and easily create whole
families of unique plants for your 3D scenes."
There's a lot of stuff in there about angles and rotations and so on --
can't help but learn a little about trigonometry (and botany) even by
just playing with it.
While I know schools tend to focus on a chain of algebra, trigonometry,
calculus, (especially for kids interested in engineering) I'd suggest
learning about probability and statistics (done as part of developing a
computer simulation) would generally be a more useful mathematical skill
in the real world for most people, since we all need to make decisions
every day related to risks and also trying to read between the lines of
newspaper articles and advertisements throwing statistics around in an
attempt to inform or persuade us.
For example, here is a fun link about how to lie with statistics:
   "Ok...this is what you have been waiting for. How can you lie with
statistics? Actually, the purpose of this page is NOT to teach you how
to lie and cheat with statistics. Rather, I hope you will learn how it
is possible to be misled and how to spot "statistical abuse." You can
find poor use of statistics everywhere...magazines, newspapers, polls,
TV, even research papers. I do not want to hear of any of you readers
using these poor methods."
And here is a book on that topic:
   _How to Lie With Statistics_
   There are also a variety of free instructional videos available over the
web as part of the Annenberg CPB project if you have a fast internet
connection (and otherwise likely available from a local library or
through interlibrary loan):
   "Against All Odds: Inside Statistics; This video instructional series
for college and high school classrooms and adult learners leads to a
greater understanding of statistics by exploring authentic examples ?
from environmental studies to weight-loss programs."
"Algebra: In Simplest Terms; This video instructional series for college
and high school classrooms and adult learners guides students
step-by-step through algebra concepts, while highlighting common trouble
"Learning Math: Geometry; Learn the basics of geometry in this video-
and Web-based course for K-8 teachers."
I haven't watched any of those, but many years ago I did go through the
entire Mechanical Universe physics series for myself and liked it:
  "The Mechanical Universe?and Beyond; This video instructional series
for college and high school classrooms and adult learners demystifies
physics and illustrates abstract concepts."
(Physics ends up being mostly math at more advanced stages.)
I also enjoyed their World of Chemistry, but I didn't see that is
online. There is also an accompanying textbook to the Mechanical
Universe; if you really wanted something like a curriculum, that might
be a way to go which integrates mathematics into a physical setting that
helps motivate its study.
Anyway, plenty of open-ended free resources to play with and learn
something mathematical for kids or adults.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-16 00:42:42
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
I have pointed out how we are a few years away from "grid parity" with    Check out this graph showing grid parity in a few years, from BP, not exactly fringe people:
   "The Path to Grid Parity"
Consider this article:
   "Solar quickly approaching grid parity"
"Solar module prices are falling so fast that solar may be able to cost-effectively compete with fossil fuels within a matter of months. The latest bit of news confirming astounding price drops was from China?s LDK Solar. LDK is a producer of the main component of solar modules (wafers). While their second quarter guidance showed a boost in shipments, it also lowered their revenue expectations, translating into a cost per watt of ~$1."
Nanosolar already claims there panels are cheaper than burning coal, and they are sold out for eighteen months.
Are you saying all these people are either stupid or lying?
China says it will be mass producing an electric car. (See previous post mentioning China going green.)
Compressed air, as mentioned before. Or put the aluminum smelting plants etc. next to the wind farms.
"Towards Holistic Agriculture: A Scientific Approach"
R.W. Widdowson shows how strong nitrogenous fertilizer displaces micronutrients, causing plants to be less nutritious to eat and less able to resist pests.
Ground up rock is a better choice, but is slow release so requires a multi-year organic perspective.
Smari would probably be glad to sell you some Icelandic rock dust if you have no rocks of your own. :-)
Oh, come one. Citations? Solar panels usually have twenty to thirty year warranties, and seem to last even  longer. In thirty years we'll likely have all kinds of amazing material science -- maybe including nanotech disassemblers.
Compared to the energy produced and burning coal, the waste is trivial. Again, people are claiming cheaper than coal now.
Granted, lead acid batteries only have a ten year or so lifespan, but they are fairly easily recyclable, and we are rapidly improving energy storage technologies of all sorts.
With energy, you could make any of these you want:
   There is plenty of carbon in the air. You can also take biomass and add energy to it to make fuels.
At SUNY Stony Brook, I knew one grad student who studied wildlife (turtles) in a reservation around a nuclear contaminated area, and while there was more mutations, in general, the wildlife was thriving.
Also, consider this:
"Chernobyl Area Becomes Wildlife Haven"
"The return of wildlife to the region near the world's worst nuclear power accident is an apparent paradox that biologists are trying to measure and understand. Wildlife has returned despite radiation levels in much of the evacuated zone that remain 10 to 100 times higher than background levels, according to a 2005 U.N. report _ though they have fallen significantly since the accident, due to radioactive decay. Some researchers insist that by halting the destruction of habitat, the Chernobyl disaster helped wildlife flourish. Others say animals may be filtering into the zone, but they appear to suffer malformations and other ills."
So, despite the problems, half-seriously, I suggest designating the NY Adirondack Park (where I live) for a nuclear waste disposal of glassified (vitrified) apple-sized lumps of waste. :-) That would be very good for a resurgence of wildlife in the Park. I might move out, but I would know a place I love would be "forever wild" for sure. :-)
    I already live in a town that during WWII was being considered for uranium mining. So, would the background radiation go up much?
If we and about 50,000 others were compensated for moving out of the Park, and I knew it would mean everyone on the planet would have energy prosperity, and it would keep the snowmobilers and loggers and hunters away, sure, let's "nuke" the park as a waste disposal site. :-) While I'm no fan of snowmobiles, I'm not especially against sustainable logging or sustainable hunting -- but aesthetically and spiritually, I can see a point to just leaving the whole place alone. :-) Especially if the entire globe would benefit enormously. Bring us you tired, your poor, your nuclear waste. :-)
Again though, I'd rather see a solar option personally. But radiation is used in medicine, so we need to solve this disposal problem somehow anyway.
"Nuclear Isotope Shortage Hurting Health Care"
I'd rather we did not have to irradiate the park to save it from, say, New York State changing its constitution one afternoon next week in a closed session and selling it off to a private individual to close a budget gap for one year. But if I had to choose, I'd rather spread the waste evenly through it, yes, to keep it forever wild, because it would be better for the wildlife. This sounds nice, but it's only words on paper when the legislators start looking for money:
   "Section 1. The lands of the state, now owned or hereafter acquired, constituting the forest preserve as now fixed by law, shall be  forever kept as wild forest lands. They shall not be leased, sold or exchanged, or be taken by any corporation, public or private, nor shall the timber thereon be sold, removed or destroyed."
Irradiating the Park would put some teeth into those words. :-)
Still, personally, I prefer solar power because it is generally more decentralized in production and operation.
Anyway, it is interesting to think about nuclear waste as an asset to somebody or something. :-)
Consciousness raising has had some effect. Yes, this is an issue. But I'd suggest that there is a nature process over time as people move from quantity into quality.
The Earth gets 10000 times the power our industry needs (even including industrial heat) from solar energy. In round numbers, 10% of the Earth's surface is useable land. So, 1000 times the power is accessible without using the oceans. At 10% efficiency, this is 100 times our needs. So, we need to cover 1% of the convenient land with solar cells to supply *all* the industrial power we use now. Assuming the rest of the world grows in demand, this might grow to 2%, or shrink if we develop more efficient appliances. Also, this is an extreme case, we could heat our homes as mostly passive-solar, and have wave energy, geothermal, biofuels, wind, solar-thermal, and so on, each making a contribution.
The USA already has 1% or so of land dedicated to roads and rights of way. It has 1% dedicated to mining and other fossil fuel production.
As for agriculture, see Michel's point on food for 12 billion people on one third the land.
With robots, we can farm all land more intensively and more sustainably (less pesticides). Use rock dust, human waste, and ocean floor dredging to maintain fertility.
OTEC plants can pull up nutrients from the deep. Or just pipes with pumps powered by Solar PV.
But I agree there is too much fishing, and we need to protect hatcheries and have other fishing exclusion zones.
Fish in ponds can increase biodiversity by stirring up mud with their swimming. Why not consider humans could make the oceans more diverse with more creatures if we gave to the oceans instead of just took?
Well, lots of issues, true. But almost seven billion people to help solve them.
Simple strategy:
* 94% marginal tax on income.
* US$200 per barrel equivalent on fossil fuels
* All those moneys to be distributed nationally (and then globally) as a basic income.
* Print money as needed as economy grows (so, inflation neutral) and give it out as a basic income as well.
* Big investment into 3D printing and open manufacturing and zero-emissions production and recycling.
* Big investment in PV.
* Big fines for negative externalities. Big incentives for positive externalities. Big insurance bills for systemic risks created. Another general tax on all property of any sort that the state is asked to enforce a monopoly on.
If this can't work, then dissolve the state as being useless. :-)
Anyway, the USA used to have a 94% marginal income tax, and Europe has long had high taxes on fossil fuels, and a basic income almost passed under Nixon around 1970. So, it is all feasible historically.
Of course, none of that is really peer initiatives. Those are all big government initiatives. Still, they would create an environment where peer initiatives could prosper.
Over the next few decades of such policies, I'd expect the globe would move to so much prosperity that money would be on its way to being obsolete. (Iain Bankes: "Money is a sign of poverty".)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-16 01:01:47
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capitalism's Self-Inflicted Apocalypse by 
"Global Financial Crisis Pushing Millions into Poverty in 2009"
"As news of the global economic slump becomes more dire by the day, the latest World Bank statistics suggest that 53 million more people could fall into $2 a day poverty in 2009 as a direct result of the financial crisis - or up to 100 million more people according to the UN Millennium Campaign. "
Or also on that page: "More than 140 million people could be plunged into poverty and 23 million lose their jobs in Asia this year as the global financial crisis batters the region, according to a study released Wednesday. ... ILO regional director Sachiko Yamamoto noted the situation was quickly evolving "into an employment and social crisis." "
Word population increase in 2009:
   "The current annual population increase of about 80 million will remain constant until 2015."
So, sounds about right for this year, sadly, as far as increasing poverty. :-(
But this suggests the billionaires number slipped some too:
"The richest people in the world have gotten poorer, just like the rest of us. This year the world's billionaires have an average net worth of $3 billion, down 23% in 12 months. The world now has 793 billionaires, down from 1,125 a year ago. "
It was certainly true up to last year or so that the number was increasing. So, one might take that to read, there was a vast number of new billionaires minted in the years leading up to an economic disaster. But, still, that's not what they said. However, as the article was published in January, 2009, and the Forbes list came out in march, it may have been more-or-less true when they wrote it based on available facts.
Anyway, 300 or so people going from billionaire status to multi-millionaire status does not seem quite as big an issue as one hundred million or more people plunging back into poverty.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-16 03:09:27
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capitalism's Self-Inflicted Apocalypse by 
Maybe he means stuff like this?
   "An overall decrease in poverty incidence is indicated over a wide range of poverty lines and measures. However the change is small, and numbers of poor increased at roughly the rate of population growth"
Oops, that is from the 1980s. :-(
Or this?
   "World poverty is on the increase as a result of the global financial crisis and the free market ?structural adjustment? measures dictated by the International Monetary Fund. This is the inescapable conclusion of the latest report on global poverty issued by the World Bank last week."
Oops, that is from 1999. :-(
Ah, here's something current (2008):
"The Least Developed Countries Report, 2008"
"Least developed countries are achieving record rates of economic expansion, but growth is failing to trickle down into significantly improved well-being for the majority of their population. ... In many of them the domestic price of some food staples has doubled. This is compressing the budget of poor families, which spend 50 - 80 per cent of their income on food. Therefore, the food crisis is likely to slow down - or even reverse - the limited progress achieved so far towards reducing poverty and malnutrition in LDCs."
Well, looks like capitalism for the past few decades does not seem to be working out well for the poor without capital. What a surprise. :-(
At least they can look forward to private water.
Oops, that is "privatized" water, isn't it? :-(
"Privatization proposals in key public service sectors such as water and electricity are often strongly opposed. Opponents may include political parties, civil society groups, and wide groups of citizenry. Opposition to privatization includes fear that giving multinational corporations control over the necessities of life would be disadvantageous; that as a result profits would be valued over service, and expensive centralized projects will be undertaken to the exclusion (or even outlawing) of small wells or rain water collection. Past and current water privatization regimes and proposals have denied peoples rights to collect rain water."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-16 05:59:31
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] no oil crisis? 
Another pass at this. Most people will not want to read this. :-)
It starts to get pretty silly pretty fast. :-)
Who benefits from this panic?
Except that the market has produced solar cheaper than coal:
   Except that the market has produced solar cheaper than coal: :-)
   Except that the market has produced solar cheaper than coal: :-) :-)
   Except that the market has produced solar cheaper than coal: :-) :-) :-)
   Except that the market has produced solar cheaper than coal: :-) X 4
   How can I take your position seriously on this when solar is now, or is about to be soon, cheaper than coal?
I'll say it again.
I have pointed out how we are a few years away from "grid parity" with    Check out this graph showing grid parity in a few years, from BP, not exactly fringe people:
   "The Path to Grid Parity"
Consider this article:
   "Solar quickly approaching grid parity"
"Solar module prices are falling so fast that solar may be able to cost-effectively compete with fossil fuels within a matter of months. The latest bit of news confirming astounding price drops was from China?s LDK Solar. LDK is a producer of the main component of solar modules (wafers). While their second quarter guidance showed a boost in shipments, it also lowered their revenue expectations, translating into a cost per watt of ~$1."
Nanosolar already claims their panels are cheaper than burning coal, and they are sold out for eighteen months.
Are you saying all these people are either stupid or lying?
OK, so, let's say they are all stupid and lying. What about wind power? Surely it must takes about the same amount of engineering to make and mount a wind turbine as to make a car?
The USA has on the order of 250 million cars. Why is this not enough material to make (shared) wind turbines for everyone with roughly the same amount of effort as went into making the cars?
   In fact, the USA has enormous car factories sitting idle right now that could be used to make windmills.
Big problems, but it's a big country. Same for countries in Europe.
OK, so wind is never going to take off for some reason.
Let's just burn coal and offer some relocation and remediation assistance to the South. We just put a few trillion into a banking bailout. Would ten trillion US dollars get the South to take the money and deal with the consequences of global climate change? :-)
OK, so they don't want the money. So, nuclear power breeder reactors, with one meltdown a month costing fifty thousand lives each time. Problem solved, even given all the solar people were lying, the wind energy people were windbags, and the South did not want ten trillion Northern dollars. That's only about half a million people killed a year from nuclear power, or less than the number of deaths now from coal air pollution etc.:
   "Air pollution responsible for 600 000 premature deaths worldwide"
   Should I call GE to tell them to start building reactors again, or will you call them yourself? :-)
Or solar PV being cheaper than coal. :-)
No, it's because Nanosolar was bankrolled by Google, and other companies by other investors. And many graduate students toiled away in research labs and got ripped off.
Except solar is cheaper than coal. :-)
Except solar is cheaper than coal. :-)
   Except, how do you explain away solar being cheaper than coal for the reasons  Julian Simon said?
I could have told you that was going to happen. They were too much like me twenty years ago. :-) Except, fortunately for me, I had less charisma. :-)
If we are lucky... But not for energy reasons. For massive unemployment in the face of increasing automation and limited demand reasons.
(I should not stay up this late -- I'm getting silly. :-)
 >
Except we may not be close to the limit, the limit may change with culture and technology, and we have a space program to leave Earth.
And I outlined a plausible way we could evacuate the entire human race from Earth within thirty years with only hundreds of millions of casualties (or about another few Spanish flus), not that I would suggest doing it that way.
Given all those other assumptions that are questionable, as above
Except people have probably been saying that for a long time. We were going to run out of oil in the 1930s too.
We'll have other problems to worry about.
Maligned because they build the outcome into the assumptions? Assume you have non-renewable resources everyone depends on and no substitution and you don't have to run simulations. You know populations will crash when you run out.
Except that in the absence of considering technological innovation (like solar PV being cheaper than coal), such forecasts are worthless.
Like just assuming it. :-)
Not every instance. Some is from increased energy efficiency.
Only by a quirk of social dynamics, with fossil fuels companies interwoven into political governance.
But, we've already gone from wood to coal to oil to gas and nukes, so why not go to solar? Lots of progressions are hidden in that statement.
 > However, fossil fuels are by their very nature
Even that statement is questionable.
   "The abiogenic hypothesis argues that petroleum was formed from deep carbon deposits, perhaps dating to the formation of the Earth. The presence of methane on Saturn's moon Titan is cited as evidence supporting the formation of hydrocarbons without biology. Supporters of the abiogenic hypothesis suggest that a great deal more petroleum exists on Earth than commonly thought, and that petroleum may originate from carbon-bearing fluids that migrate upward from the mantle."
So, in that sense, the oil reserves under the crust may be renewing.
In any case, if solar PV is cheaper than coal, why are we talking about fossil fuels again?
 > Therefore (according to the Peak Oil
Except that solar is cheaper than coal, in part because a lot of people saw that coming. And also fossil fuels have external costs like pollution and the destruction of democracy.
Except solar is cheaper than coal, so we can all drive electric cars, like the ones about to be mass produced in China.
Is that logic? Flawed assumptions? Ignoring obvious alternatives? Ignoring the social aspects of a technological infrastructure that caused it to be one way when perfectly fine alternatives have existed for a long time and were easily within the reach of concerted R&D and were essentially actively suppressed to maintain a social status quo?
Well, I'll admit, people, including myself, do stupid things for all sorts of stupid reasons, including group think.
 > During the past century
Yes, this is a flaw of modern day economics, including a debt-based money supply implemented using a fiat currency.
 > Every city and business wants to grow. This is understandable merely
Human nature is a slippery subject. Especially in regards to competition:
   "Actually fitness in the biological sense refers only to the capacity to produce surviving offspring who in turn live to reproduce. When 'survival of the fittest' is understood in this light, it becomes clear that the tendency to cooperate contributes far more to fitness than any competitive inclination. Raising offspring for early animal-humanity was a difficult undertaking, and only those who could work effectively with others were likely to succeed. On the other hand, endangering one's own life as well as the lives of one's offspring through direct physical competition was a risky strategy at best, and those who were genetically predisposed in that direction are thought to have died off millions of years ago. Thus, if we have inherited any predisposition for intra-species behavior, it is toward cooperation. Indeed cooperation is the pervasive, if unnoticed, background of human affairs against which we see competition in such stark relief."
 > But there
Only because we have a messed up financial system, and so we are attacking an entire religion (Islam) in part because they are suggesting maybe we should try something different.
    > During the past couple of decades, the financial
True, especially because agriculture and now manufacturing are so highly mechanized that hardly anyone needs to "work" anymore.
Often related to materialistic lifestyle choices, or trying to deal with the stress of a broken ideoligally driven economy
What economy? The virtual economy of play money? Or the real economy of stuff? Or the peer economy of a free commons like Wikipedia?
Oh, you mean the play money economy. OK. So, meaningless for the sake of analyzing a physical problem.
 > From 1990 to the present, the
Well, sounds pretty correct.
Bzzt. Confusion of physical and play money economies. Actually, there is no reason, with lots of computer memory, that play money economies can't head towards infinity.
Sure. It's only really dangerous thought when the play money and physical economies interact though.
Borrowed what from future generations? Play money? What if they don't want to play? Money is a sign of poverty (Iain Banks). What if future generations are not poor?
Who said that? I didn't say that. :-) I said "solar PV is cheaper than coal right now, or is about to be". So, if you mean physical growth, there is no connection. If you mean play money growth, well, do I really care what you do with monopoly money? Maybe I do, but it has nothing to do with real physical energy policy.
 > But here is where forecast becomes diagnosis: during the period
Excuse me? "Energy" stopped growing? Solar PV kept growing. Wind energy kept growing. Energy efficiency kept growing (so, more from less).
Oh, you mean oil use stopped growing. Well, great. I haven't liked the smog or other pollution in the oceans. It's about time, isn't it. What a lovely day.
 > By July of 2008, the price of a barrel of oil was nudging close to
If I had my way, I'd slap another US$200 a barrel tax on it and redistribute the money as a basic income.
Good riddance. Where is the rail system in the USA anyway? What's with all those SUVs rolling over or not having whiplash protection? Volvo can do it, why not everyone else?
Those airlines. Why are people flying so much with all these computers? What's so messed up about our society that families can't live closer together?
Why can't more people work at home? In fact, why do they have to "work" at all?
   And why don't they have a basic income that can easily afford basic energy use for transportation?
And why are they paying interest on mortgages when the banks just magicked the money into existence anyway?
    > Consumer spending began to decline.
Finally. So much trash being advertised on TV these days.
    > By September the economic
Good. Let 'em fail. Rather than backstop them with fourteen trillion dollars (or whatever it is by now) give that money as a basic income to the people.
Durn right. So, show me some facts.
Fact one: Solar PV is cheaper than coals.
Fact two: Fact one is all we need to know.
That about wraps it up, doesn't it? :-)
Except didn't I just doubt it's relevance or accuracy or interpretation?
Sure, sure, economist, numbers, must be right, yawn.
Except when one is not. :-)
Except solar PV is cheaper than coal. Was that in his report and predictions? No, well then why bother citing it?
Does it matter if a resource is depleting if we don't need it anymore? Given solar PV is cheaper that coal?
And maybe people are fed up? Maybe real wages have not grown in thirty years? Maybe a huge rich-poor disparity has made the market disfunctional and only 94% marginal tax rates can set it right again? Maybe Capitalism has hit the fan?
   I'm sure there are other possible interpretations if I tried to think of one...
Because there are trillions of dollars sloshing around looking for speculative homes? Because a Lyme-addled president who was no great thinker to begin with launched a stupid war (or really, two) which is destroying the USA economy as well as creating huge amounts of international tension? Because much of this was predicted in 2003 by the alternative press?
"Confessions of a Recovering Economist"
"Step 2: Accept that all our efforts to explain the world have failed.  The 'market' is the holiest symbol in all of economics. It's magically automatic and efficient. And supply always equals demand. The whole profession of mainstream, 'neoclassical' economics is dedicated to the study of markets and how they can be perfected. The problem, however, is that in real life these idealized 'markets' don't explain much at all. Powerful non-market forces determine most of what happens in the economy - things like tradition, demographics, class, gender and race, geography, and institutions. Indeed, what we call the 'market' is itself a complex, historically constructed social institution - not some autonomous, inanimate forum. Power and position are at least as important to economics, as supply and demand."
Maybe speculators were trying to get all they could out of fossil fuels while they could, given solar PV is getting cheaper that coal and oil?
Or maybe investors on that scale were crazy financially obese people with an addictive (to wealth) personality disorder?
Well, China is going green now, so that will change.
Sure, why not get a last big boost given solar PV is now cheaper that coal and oil (or about to be)?
Ancient history. We're in a new world where solar PV is cheaper than coal and oil.
Except who cares, given solar pv is cheaper now?
I'm not really interested in Peak Horseshoe theory, either. Even though some people still keep horses and might need horseshoes still.
Because economists are out of touch with reality and live in a mathematical world that has no relation to real technology or real people or real Except the price of oil will fall when no one wants it because PV is cheaper than coal, and it puts out less smog too, and doesn't mess up the democratic politics of various countries.
Except who needs oil anymore?
    > Economic
Good. The darn stuff is dirty and smelly and hurts fish and other wildlife.
Except what if the physical economy starts moving to cheaper alternatives?
What happens when all that speculative money finally flows into renewable alternatives in an even bigger way than it has already?
Lots of social dynamics going on. Lots of psychology.
Except the economy will be more and more decoupling from fossil fuels now that PV is cheaper than coal. In fact, the only thing that will slow this is a continued fall in oil and coal prices because no one wants them anymore. But, because they still pollute and have other external costs, I suggest we still tax 'em heavily anyway.
I guess I don't understand why anyone would bother to do that if solar PV is cheaper than coal?
And some difficulties for a more expensive subset of solar manufacturers too, it's true.
Except, regarding physical growth, that solar PV is cheaper than coal. :-)
Regarding play money growth, well, if you include virtual currencies in virtual worlds, the sky is the limit. :-)
It might change the nature of government eventually. You can't bankrupt someone who can legally print money. You can't bankrupt a government that own one third or more of the land to use or rent. You can't bankrupt a government with guns and prisons to collect taxes or to enforce demands on labor time.
Except that solar PV is cheaper than coal (or about to be).
And if you don't like solar PV, how about solar thermal?
   "Solar energy cheaper than coal"
   Does he make any money out of that somehow? How can one follow the money of his fearmongering?
Except you just go to Home Depot and buy solar panels and put them up with a grid intertie plug you stick in a wall socket?
   "The ability to do guerilla solar installations is made much easier by the availability of small intertie capable inverters, such as the Trace Micro Sine. You connect the solar panels to the inverter, and then make a plug for the inverter (instead of a socket) so that it can plug directly into a wall socket in the house. The inverter won't operate unless it sees a sine wave from the power company, so having a bare three prong plug hanging out won't electrocute you (besides, it's normally plugged in). This feature also protects linemen from being zapped by your solar panel when they are repairing the lines. "
Because you would lose advertising revenue?
 > After all, as petroleum becomes more expensive,
Absolutely, eventually. Especially because solar PV is cheaper than coal (or soon to be).
Because there is no explanation.
In other words, it doesn't exist because, now that solar PV is cheaper than coal, we are just waiting on the production plants for thin film PV to expand?
Except they will crash in price, given there will be little demand for them since solar is cheaper that coal (or will be soon).
Why not? There will be plenty left for special needs (even some plastics), because no one would want to burn them. Still, you're right, people will prefer biodegradable plastics that are healthier to manufacture, use, and recycle. OK. So people won't want them in the future much. OK.
Well, seems like it is happening right now. It would even happen faster except many people are waiting to see what even more amazing solar panels come out next year.
But are they really happy? Are they great places to raise children compared to the villages of old?
Anyway, see:
   For example:
   Although they are having some problems from neighboring dysfunctional cities that have not upgraded their governance structures or economies to more populist models.
 > Surveying
Convenient, isn't it?
It's not like solar PV was cheaper than coal, is it?
It's not like we could pump water uphill or compress air or heat rocks to temporarily store energy, is it?
Except when everyone can got to Home Depot and get them installed for cheap.
 > Energy
Sure, and if "national security" meant anything real, that would all be paid for out of the "defense" budget.
The Earth keeps going round the Sun with no energy input to its orbit. :-)
I know, that's not accomplishing anything useful like changing our view of the solar system. :-)
Sure, OK, yes, thermodynamics. And if we barely need much energy do do a lot of stuff, then what?
The state-of-the-art in home heating in cold climates is no furnace.
   It sure would make a lot of sense to divert most of the US defense budget for a while to intrinsically defending the country by removing a need for foreign oil by upgrading northern US homes to all be passive solar.
 > Where is there the will
The US defense department?
   Employees 	700,000 civilian  2,300,000 military (2004)
Annual budget 	$786 billion [1](2009 est.)
OK. I'll grudgingly concede that point. :-)
They will soon. That they have not done so sooner is because of corruption, legal and illegal political bribery, and a bunch of other things.
   "Brittle Power: Energy Strategy for National Security is a 1982 book by Amory B. Lovins and L. Hunter Lovins, prepared originally as a Pentagon study, and re-released in 2001 following the September 11 attacks. The book argues that domestic energy infrastructure is very vulnerable to disruption, by accident or malice, often even more so than imported oil. According to the authors, a resilient energy system is feasible, costs less, works better, is favoured in the market, but is rejected by U.S. policy.[1] In the preface to the 2001 edition, Lovins explains that these themes are still very current. [2]"
 > One example is Sweden, which obtains most
OK. Swedes are cool. We drive one of their cars. :-)
We only have one car to save money and energy.
Geothermal is almost everywhere, especially if you just focus on the heat pump aspect of it.
 > Even for these two nations, the situation is complex:
Except solar PV is cheaper than coal. And it will be a *lot* cheaper real soon now. Despite the fossil fuel industry and nuclear industry having fought it all the way.
Or, as is said here (fluffy):
   "Solar kicks coal's ass  Funny"
   Except solar PV is cheaper than coal. Right now everywhere according to some. And in some situations already like Hawaii according to all.
Except when you have a lot of power from solar PV being cheaper than coal, you can distill seawater, recycle graywater, or chill water out of the air.
True, and very sad. Part of the reason is a reliance on coal and oil.
Although digital biodiversity is rising. And we may be able to make synthetic creatures more and more.
Grind up rocks with power from solar PV or those windmills. Problem solved.
   You say minerals but list elements. The elements are still there. Recycle them from the landfills.
Or mine the landfills, probably using robots to be a bit more energy efficient. Problem solved.
Except, it is all baloney. And if our population decides to grow again (it is peaking), then we can go into space.
The real problem may be a peak population crisis. With kids staring at the computer so much, where is the next generation going to come from? Doesn't look good to me.
Industrialized society, including compulsory prison-schooling, is so anti-family that industrialized populations are shrinking. We desperately need a plan to deal with the Peak Human Population crisis.
Something like giving US$20K to each family per child per year:
   "Towards a Post-Scarcity New York State of Mind (through homeschooling)"
Except it has stopped in the industrialized world. Industrialization the way we have been doing it is, unfortunately, deadly to our species.
Hooray! How about fourteen billion?
We've got room for quadrillions of people in the solar system. Would coupons for romantic resorts in the Poconos help?
Terrific. Just be sure to recycle it all, have zero-emissions cradle-to-cradle, and use renewable energy like solar PV (cheaper than coal) and we are good to go. And recycling 3D printers would be nice.
 > For any species, this is virtually the definition
but huge solar system and perhaps infinite universe or infinite metaverse
Any idea how large this planet is and how small people are?
But, sure, I've outline a plan to evacuate the Earth in thirty years, if you really want to insist on that "finite earth" point having any relevance.
Grind rock for soil. A lot of people like to work outdoors planting trees and stocking fish. In fact, the problem is just that these people who want to be outdoors are forced to work stupid pointless guard-duty jobs they hate life process health insurance claims instead of just giving everyone free-to-the-user health care (which will be cheaper once we stop polluting the air with coal).
 > and a limited ability to absorb industrial
Sure. Except we can use our solar PV (cheaper than coal) to recycle the stuff. And this guy at TED said how to do it with fungus too:
   "Paul Stamets on 6 ways mushrooms can save the world"
OK. I'm with you. The universe can (conservatively) hold about a million billion billion quadrillion people:
   "[p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton"
And we have almost seven billion. I can see there will be a limit to growth someday. Unless we figure out a way to connect to other empty universes and Now, if we build space habitats, each with an ecology, then we could have quadrillions of Earths worth of ecologies in the universe.
Ok, so informed by that perspective, I'm right with you...
Um. Hmmm. What happened to a million billion billion quadrillion people living in a quadrillion Earths worth of space habitats?
Solar PV is cheaper than coal, remember?
Which world? The one you imagine where solar PV is not cheaper than coal?
The same world that is debunked here too:
   Good riddance.
Now you are talking. Hooray. We agree on something. Until we tap zero-point energy, we should work towards supporting a million billion billion quadrillion people with solar power! Yeah!! Here comes the sun!
   "The Beatles - Here comes the sun"
   What is it you don't like about hunter-gatherers? Sounds like they had more fun than we do. :-)
   "The Original Affluent Society" by Marshall Sahlins
   "A good case can be made that hunters and gatherers work less than we do; and, rather than a continuous travail, the food quest is intermittent, leisure abundant, and there is a greater amount of sleep in the daytime per capita per year than in any other condition of society."
Sure. Let's see, the limit is a million billion billion quadrillion people in the universe. I guess I better get to work on zero-point energy and inter-multiverse transportation before we reach that limit.
   I'll put that on my to do list. Don't think I'll have time to get to it though, too many other fun things to do first. I'll leave it for someone else to lend a hand. :-)
   "Nowhere Man"
   Sure, economic growth as it has been done has been stupid. I'm all for doing it differently. :-) Local production using 3D printers and other means (including to print solar panels). Peer production using a gift economy and a free commons. States that regulate and heavily tax the remnants of the market. A well educated populace who engage in learning-on-demand. Those kind of things.
Anyway, I don't know what the point of this was. Other than to show how a few bad assumptions can ripple throughout mounds of analysis. So, are the bad assumptions mine or others?
   One random example:
   "Grid Parity" by John Quiggin
   ... But looking at the issue again today, I?m finding lots of claims that this ?grid parity? will be achieved in the next few years, and even one company, First Solar, that claims to be already at grid parity with a 12 MW plant in Nevada completed last year . Obviously, Nevada is a particularly favorable location, and there is plenty of room for judgement in cost estimates. Still, looking at a lot of different reports, it seems clear that, with a carbon price of say $50/tonne (about 5 cents/kwh for black coal and 7 cents/kwh for brown coal), solar will be cost-competitive with coal for most places in Australia without any need for fundamental technical    The big question is whether the industry can ramp up from its current small scale (about 5 GW capacity produced last year) to meet global demands for growth and replace a significant part of the existing 4TW of mainly fossil-based capacity, with even more needed if we are to have big growth in electric vehicles. ...
   However, in the long run, and with no absolute resource constraints, costs should fall further as all elements of the manufacturing chain scale up. And over 20 years or so, with continued growth of 20-30 per cent a year, the necessary scale would be achieved If so (and assuming contributions from other renewable sources) the transition to a post-carbon economy could be faster and cheaper than most existing estimates suggest.
OK, so if this is true, why were we not planning our economy around this idea twenty years ago? That should be a shocking indictment of the entire profession of economics. But, that's not news here, is it? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-16 16:04:16
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Japan's Demographic Crisis 
From there:
"Japan's population shrunk by the most ever, 45,914 people, in the year ended March 2009 based on latest data. Japan's demographic death is getting worse.It's a bad time to be young in Japan. Not only are there fewer of you, but your parents' generation is putting you further into debt with cushy benefits. Meanwhile, you fight for fewer traditional jobs. ... The most recent data shows that things are getting worse, not better, and if this continues we would expect GDP declines to become a permanent feature of the country. Perhaps now we understand corporate Japan's fascination for robots."
Exactly. And this would be the United States too, if it weren't for immigration and births by immigrants who still know how to have fun and raise families. A lot of Western Europe is facing the same issues. And, someday soon, the rest of the world may face it too, as family and community gets replaced by gadgetry and virtualization.
That is just as I said towards the end of my previous post (the "solar pv is cheaper than coal" one). Forget "Peak Oil". The industrial world is facing a "Peak Population" crisis. :-) We are "amusing ourselves to death".
We desperately need to convince people to invest in having bigger families and using more (sustainable) resources before it is too late. :-)
And, despite all that, there are few good jobs for the young. Now, beyond Greek kids rioting, French kids are rioting again:
   "Second night of unrest near Paris "
   They know they're getting a raw deal. They have just been so heavily schooled they have trouble seeing exactly what went so wrong.
We desperately need to reorganize the basis of industrial society (basic income, the end of compulsory schooling, local 3D printing, peer production, gift economy, free commons, etc.). It is indeed a *social* crisis, not a *technical* crisis (except to the extent that our technical infrastructure reflects our social assumptions and political priorities).
And, just like in Japan, in the USA oldsters are saying the young should suffer to pay for oldster benefits while getting none of their own (except a thirteen year prison sentence is Prussian schools). Example (again, and with my commens in brackets):
One senior [with US government supplied comprehensive health care supplied through Medicare and a US government supplied basic income called Social Security] wanted to know how the government would pay for a program to cover some 47 million uninsured [young] Americans [most who were paying payroll taxes of 15.3% of all their small income to supply his health care and basic income]. "Where are the doctors and nurses going to come from to cover all these new people?" he asked [after likely having voted in such a way as to prevent those young people from having enough wealth or initiative to become doctors, or to be successful enough in life to pay even more to support him in his own age.]
It's a supreme dysfunction of a society -- a society drowning in the potential for universal abundance and universal community and universal happiness and universal health. It is a society where oldsters invest in immortality by living an extra few miserable years of "frailspan" rather than invest in immortality through "paying it forward" to a next generation by voting for them to have a chance for a decent life, basic medical care, and a family. And so, the youngsters strike back like in Greece and Paris. And maybe soon everywhere.
Rich versus poor. Oldster versus Youngster. All drowning each other in fresh water because they are worried there will not be enough water to quench tomorrow's thirst while we live on the coast of the Great Lakes.
Maybe this is somebody somewhere's idea of a big joke? :-)
But it is the kind of joke that is not so funny when it happens to your own civilization. :-(
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-16 16:55:19
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
>
So, this press release from 2007 is a lie?
"Nanosolar said Tuesday it has begun production at its San Jose, Calif., facility and has shipped its commercial thin-film panels to its first customer, Beck Energy."
And they lie on their web site about shipping products?
   # Nanosolar Utility Panel?.
Specifically designed for utility-scale power plants, Nanosolar Utility Panel? is the industry-best solution for MW-sized PV systems.
A high-power, high-current panel, the Nanosolar Utility Panel? features proprietary cell and panel design innovations that enable our panel product to have an entire factor more power and to carry 5-10 times more current than typical thin-film panels.
Available wholesale to select system integrators and electric utilities.
# Nanosolar SolarPly?.
Light-weight solar-electric cell foil which can be cut to any size. Non-fragile. No soldering required for electrical contact.
Available wholesale to strategic partners.
And the people who just invested US$300 million dollars in them (beyond an earlier US$200 million) just now are just complete gullible idiots?
   "As part of a strategic $300 million equity financing, Nanosolar has added new capital and brought its total amount of funding to date to just below half a billion U.S. dollars. ... Last December, we introduced the Nanosolar Utility Panel(TM) to enable solar utility power ? i.e. giving utility-scale power producers the solar panel technology to build and operate cost efficient solar power plants. The tremendous demand for our unique product was matched by the desire to support us in scaling its availability even more rapidly and ambitiously. ... The new capital will allow us to accelerate production expansion for our 430MW San Jose factory and our 620MW Berlin factory. (Earlier, Nanosolar secured a 50% capex subsidy on its Germany based factory.)"
OK, a lot of investors are sometimes idiots, I'll agree. :-)
But then are the twenty jobs listed here perhaps just for show?
   So, let's say Nanosolar is just hype. Lots of companies have raise hundreds of millions or even billions on hype, sure, though generally in the dot com bubble. Lots of companies have shipped product that later were defective or that did not perform as expected. Anybody can put up a web site that says anything, especially a private company. OK, so for the sake of argument, let's say it is just hype.
And let's say that the Google billionaires who funded Nansolar are unable to do any sort of due diligence like from using a search engine or hiring someone to do it for them. Billionaires invest in all sorts of nutty things like "Cheap Access to Space (CATS)" instead of "Design of Great Settlements (DOGS)". :-) And investing in green energy is, admittedly, great PR for Google. So, maybe it is just that.
So, now that we have dismissed Nanosolar as hype, :-) consider what this publicly traded company (First Solar) is saying:
"By enabling clean, renewable electricity at lower costs, First Solar is providing a sustainable alternative to conventional energy sources. This goal has driven First Solar to become one of the fastest growing manufacturers of solar modules in the world. First Solar FS Series 2 PV Modules represent the latest advancements in solar module technology, and are rapidly driving the cost of solar electricity to rates comparable with traditional fossil fuel-based energy sources."
Sure, some weasel words there "comparable" and "rapidly". Could be twice as much in fifty years, right?
Or pundits:
"The quest for inexpensive solar panels continues, with cadmium telluride generating enthusiasm among investors and hopeful followers of the advance of alternative energy technologies. Over at IEEE Spectrum, Richard Stevenson speculates that First Solar might beat over 80 competitors to achieve manufacturing costs low enough to market solar panels at less than $1 per Watt, the target considered necessary for solar to compete with coal-burning electricity on the grid."
And they have 84 jobs listed here in our job-meltdown economy:
   Is that because everyone is leaving First Solar too because of hype? :-)
And while you are at it, you might as well edit their Wikipedia page to reflect whatever you know to be the correct figures for this part:
   The manufacturing cost per watt reached $1.23 in 2007 and $1.08 in 2008. On February 24, 2009, the cost / watt broke the $1 barrier with .98 cents a watt. First Solar is contractually bound to reduce price per watt by 6.5% per year and plans to be competitive on an unsubsidized basis with retail electricity by 2010. [13]
 From the referenced SEC document:
"Our objective is to become, by 2010, the first solar module manufacturer to offer a solar electricity solution that generates electricity on a non-subsidized basis at a price equal to the price of retail electricity in key markets in North America, Europe and Asia."
So, are you are basically saying, all this is "Lies, ALL LIES", as Frau Farbissina did in Austin Powers? :-)
   If so, maybe you should go to the SEC with your misgivings about First Solar? :-)
I know, they did not listen to several people about the Bernard Madoff Pyramid scheme either, so why bother, right? :-)
And I know, we saw it all before in the 1980s with the failure (sabotage?) of Chronar, right? I literally was in a laundry room in some grad student housing at Princteton when someone who worked there told me about "short I still have one of their small panels for car battery trickle charging.
"September 17, 1990 PRINCETON, N.J. - Without an immediate injection of cash, Chronar Corp. may be forced to suspend its operations and seek protection under federal bankruptcy laws. ..."
People really seem determined to fight abundance to the end. :-(
Fossil fuels have been a physically dirty business for a long time, but they have also been an economically dirty business for a long time. Why should now, at the end, be any different?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-16 17:05:13
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
And you are saying, that producing enough solar panels in the USA for everyone is very much worse that producing the 250 million cars currently on the road, in terms of pollution? Let alone all the asphalt cars run on? (Ignoring the oil they burn and what that takes.)
You're grasping at straws here. Sure, there will be some pollution. Nothing like what coal and oil or nuclear have.
Example from 2008:
"Dark Side of Solar Cells Brightens: A life cycle analysis proves that solar cells are cleaner than conventional fossil fuel power generation"
It takes power to make power?even with a solar grand plan. From the mining of quartz sand to the coating with ethylene-vinyl acetate, manufacturing a photovoltaic (PV) solar cell requires energy?most often derived from the burning of fossil fuels. But a new analysis finds that even accounting for all the energy and waste involved, PV power would cut air pollution?including the greenhouse gases that cause climate change?by nearly 90 percent if it replaced fossil fuels.
   Environmental engineer Vasilis Fthenakis, a senior scientist at Brookhaven National Laboratory in Upton, N.Y., and his colleagues examined the four most common types of PV cells: multicrystalline silicon, monocrystalline silicon, ribbon silicon and thin-film. (Other contenders, such as amorphous silicon or superefficient multijunction cells were excluded for lack of data or lack of widespread application to date.) Even taking into account the low efficiency of thin-film solar cells or the energy needed to purify silicon for the other types of PV, all proved to entail significantly fewer emissions in their entire life cycle than the fossil fuels needed to produce an equivalent amount of electricity.
   In fact, most of their dirty side derived from the indirect emissions of the coal-burning power plants or other fossil fuels used to generate the electricity for PV manufacturing facilities. ...
   Even though thin-film solar PVs employ heavy metals such as cadmium recovered from mining slimes, the overall toxic emissions are "90 to 300 times lower than those from coal power plants," the researchers write in Environmental Science & Technology.
   The energy benefits of solar photovoltaics will only improve as the technology continues to boost its efficiency at converting sunlight to electricity or proves to last longer than the 30 years anticipated by manufacturers. "There is no reason for this not to last a lot more than 30 years," Fthenakis says.
   If solar energy begins to power its own production?a so-called PV breeder cycle, in which PV-generated electricity goes to produce more PV cells?the outlook is even sunnier. "I think 30 percent of the energy consumption in the [manufacturing] facilities is easily met from the land they have available [on] the roof and in the parking lot," Fthenakis says. ...
So, within a few years, even that fossil fuel use pollution will go away as we use solar panels to make solar panels, and we will be left with 1% of what we have now from coal.
Let me be frank. In *every* forum I have ever been in, for more that ten years actively discussing these sorts of issues, there has been tremendous resistance to solar power. Every single one. Yet all the facts are in solar's favor, increasingly so, including the fact that solar is a more inherently democratic technology.
Why is this? Follow the money is all I can say. Or, also, follow the power.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-16 21:15:27
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?The_Workplace_Power_That=92s_Not_?= 
This seemed to be somewhat relevant to p2p aspects even within formal organizations, touching on interesting research aspects of peer-to-peer systems:
   "The Authority That?s Not on Any Chart" by Daniel Sorid
     No one likes a power grabber, but there?s nothing inherently obnoxious about building and applying authority to help your company or organization achieve its goals.
   Executive assistants and secretaries can wield much power, if not to the extremes shown in the film "9 to 5."
   Good employees with good ideas almost always face antagonism from entrenched interests. In these cases, one needs power to prevail in the inevitable political battle. But formal authority ? the kind that shows up in organizational charts ? doesn?t always work with peers or superiors, and it generates stiff resistance when used nakedly or illegitimately.
   Sometimes, informal power can be much more effective, and it doesn?t have to follow a hierarchy. Such influence can be exercised, say, by an executive assistant who controls a vice president?s calendar, or by a midlevel manager who trumpets her team?s outstanding sales record ? but leaves out its soaring costs ? when seeking a budget increase.
   Eric Abrahamson, a management professor at Columbia Business School, teaches a course called Power and Influence, where I learned to identify sources of informal power.
   The simplest to spot is the power of personal characteristics, which is more than just charisma. Just as some individuals appreciate certain traits, like kindness or empathy, organizations also value personality types.
   Another source of power that transcends the traditional hierarchy is control over resources. This exists when someone has the discretion to withhold an important resource ? whether something tangible, like a signature on an expense form, or intangible, like access to a senior executive or information about how to use a piece of software. Executive assistants, benefits managers and others can have immense powers of resource    An equally effectual power base involves control of a different kind, over the premises of a decision. Just because you don?t have the power to make a decision doesn?t mean you can?t steer its outcome. A savvy employee knows how to order, emphasize and withhold information when making a presentation. Some meeting organizers, for example, place controversial issues at the end of a long meeting, when everyone is too exhausted to put up a fight.
   In 1959, two social psychologists ? Bertram Raven and John French ? laid out an authoritative taxonomy of power in society, which remains the basis of the field today. Among their discoveries was that attempts to influence others work best when perceived as legitimate. One source of legitimacy is reciprocity, the nagging sense of obligation felt when someone does you a favor.
   This ?favor bank? mentality is the root of another informal base of power: alliances. Whether between peers or a mentor and mentee, alliances involve an exchange of support or resources that can be banked, owed or redeemed. Effective power brokers build alliances all around an organization, so they can withdraw support if needed or build a reputation for being able to do so. ...
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-17 01:16:31
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
You make lots of great points (very well presented and nicely organized) I'll have to think more about.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-17 03:01:34
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Japan's Demographic Crisis 
I don't think it was exactly the same, but no doubt some of it might be
right. :-)
But demographically, a post WWII baby boom generation has been a strong
voting block, and they voted for social programs when they were young, low
taxes when they were middle aged, and lots of services for the elderly as
they aged. Which would have been fine, except at each age the benefits for
other generations have been cut away (speaking broadly).
Colleges used to cost less and offer more (professors, not TAs with language
difficulties). Many of that generation got all sorts of benefits related to
war service, like subsidized tuition or low interest mortgages (the GI bill).
   There was less land speculation back then. There were also less social
mandates about quality of some things including housing (which has both good
sides and bad sides). In general, their were more affordable housing options.
There was less TV advertising back then to create insatiable desire or to
tell people they were incomplete.
True, people have more stuff now, but dealing with it all can be alienating
from community. Even too much choice can cause unhappiness.
   "The Problem Of Too Much Choice"
   Sure, there is that. But most people are not rich.
So, in the USA, anyone over 65 gets free-to-the-user fairly comprehensive
medical care (and a cheap supplement). Anyone under that age gets nothing
(some kids get some stuff by special programs).
Anyway, it may be hard for someone with European roots to see the depth of
the anger someone young in the USA might feel about this -- to be paying
15.3% of low wages to support old people who also have most of the real
estate equity, who had a better social deal for decades, who have pensions
from being in the now non-existent unions, and so on -- and then the young
person will not have access to health care when it is so much cheaper to
provide for the young.
Sure, there is a rich-poor divide too, of course. But a lot of it is also a
young-old divide. One may argue about who should work (as in maybe its OK
for the old to have a basic income but the young to have to work, from one
perspective) but access to medical care seems like more of a right to all at
this point.
Also, ironically, because older people are living longer and healthier
lives, we can more and more see happy old people and stressed out young
ones. So, that is another reason there are less children being born in
industrialized countries like the USA.
Sure. Absolutely. Both young and old need medical care.
Except, right now, only the old have it by right, and they cost the most to
insure. And so much money has gone to war and the banks, that now people are
arguing over much smaller amounts. So, why should the old want any change?
There is a very specific demographic issue here. It may of course be good to
figure out ways to patch it over. The USA drifted into it.
It is only intentional now to the extent older voters are attacking the
health care reform proposals (as the example I linked to). In that sense,
with the issue on the table and seniors shooting it down, yes, old people
are explicitly now exploiting the young. There only defense is ignorance as
to how the system works.
Remember, in the past things seemed to be getting better in each generation.
The current US generation is going backwards on many indicators. There is
always a risk of revolution in such a situation. At least, that is what is
suggested in the chapter on scarcity in the book "Influence":
Revolutions often happen when things have been getting better for a while
and then things stop or go backwards.
Sure. Except conditions were easier decades ago, back when one worker could
support a family with mainstream aspirations and a full-time stay-at-home
parent. But this is the perceived social situation now:
   Amelia Tyagi: More and more families today are sending both parents into the
workforce -- it's become the norm, it's what we now expect. The overwhelming
majority of us do it because we think it will make our families more secure.
But that's not how things have worked out. By the end of this decade, one in
seven families with children will go bankrupt. Having a child is now the
single best predictor of bankruptcy, and this holds true even for families
with two incomes. So we looked at the data for two-income families today
earning an average income. What we found was that, while those families
certainly make more money than a one-income family did a generation ago, by
the time they pay for the basics -- an average home, a health insurance
policy, a second car to get Mom to work, child care, and taxes -- that
family actually has less money left over at the end of the month to show for
it. We tend to assume with two incomes you're doubly secure. But if you
count on every penny of both of those incomes, which most families today do,
then you're in big trouble if either income goes away. And obviously, if you
have two people in the workforce, you have double the chance that someone
will get laid off, or double the chance that someone could get too sick to
work. When that happens, two-income families really get into trouble, and
that's how a lot of families quickly go bankrupt.
As in "Capitalism Hits the Fan", real wages in the USA have not risen much
in thirty or more years. But productivity has gone up at least a couple
times. VP Biden recently said real wages have dropped 3% since 2000, while
productivity has gone up 20%. Where does the wealth go? It gets concentrated
in a few hands, mainly the rich and/or the old. But, concentrated wealth,
pursuing maximum abstract returns, then leads to all sorts of other social
problems like more precarious jobs from more competition over them. If
wealth is spread around, so then people may own a share of the company they
work in, they will probably consider jobs as an aspect of policy. But if you
own a share of GE stock, then "Neutron Jack" is your hero:
   "During the early 1980s he was dubbed "Neutron Jack" (in reference to the
neutron bomb) for eliminating employees while leaving buildings intact. In
Jack: Straight From The Gut, Welch states that GE had 411,000 employees at
the end of 1980, and 299,000 at the end of 1985. Of the 112,000 who left the
payroll, 37,000 were in sold businesses, and 81,000 were reduced in
continuing businesses. In return, GE had increased its market capital
Schooling has gotten longer and harder and more boring (relative to life
outside school) and more and more out of date with a changing society. Also,
it is all more expensive, making for more burdensome property taxes and
college loans. In the past, you could get a union job with needing at most a
high school diploma that might have paid US$10 an hour after WWII (US$80 an
hour by today's valuation), but now, many kids are luck to get a US$10 an
hour a job (in today's currency) after they have racked up fifty thousand
dollars of debt going to college (say, to study engineering or farming).
So, the truth today is more like "all people deserve access to health care
and decent basic income". :-)
Financially, the social programs in the USA were set up as pyramid schemes.
It used to be it was about sixteen workers who paid in per retiree at the
start, now it is around three.
Back in 1950, as the baby boom was just getting started, each retiree's
benefit was divided among 16 workers. Taxes could be kept low. Today, that
number has dropped to 3.3 workers per retiree, and by 2025, it will
reach--and remain at--about two workers per retiree. Each married couple
will have to pay, in addition to their own family's expenses, Social
Security retirement benefits for one retiree. In order to pay promised
benefits, either taxes of some kind must rise or other government services
must be cut.
Medicare, as smaller amount of that 15.3% FICA tax (2.9% of payroll) went
from 4.6 people in 1970 to about 3.7 per "hospital insurance beneficiary"
now, so it is not as much of a pyramid scheme:
    Still, with rising hospital and doctor visit costs (and no sliding scales so
much), it is a much bigger problem than in 1970 to have no health insurance
when older people have it (and in fact, because older people have it, costs
for everyone tend to float up for various reasons).
So, one can see why, as with Bernard Madoff's pyramid scheme victims, the
youth of today might think they are getting a much worse deal than the
people who got in early on the scheme?
The rise in real estate values in the USA have transferred much money from
the young and middle aged to the very old. In turn, the money of the very
old is being sucked out by the medical system (including through nursing
homes, an issue that hits the middle class hard). So, the money often won't
go back to the young as inheritances or taxes or public infrastructure or
anything like that. That is more and more what the basic money pipeline in
the USA looks like: young sick family to old healthy person to doctors and
institutions. That pipeline is not a setup for a healthy society, even if
vast quantities of money are being spent on "health".
To be clear, I'm all for old people getting medical care. What is unfair in
this day and age in the USA is saying *only* old people should get medical
care. It is more than unfair. It is also stupid. How can sick (or dead)
young people hold down jobs to pay for old people's care?
As above, that is the way it is now. But yes, I think we should have health
care for all, and a basic income for all.
And as our technology continues to improve (3D printing, learning medicine
on demand through the internet :-), then we may see lots of cost fall, or
see people able to do more medicine without money. Already, people are
getting ideas about treatments from the internet. This is not without
problems, but it shows what is possible cheaply if it were better formalized
as decision trees or semantically linked somehow with a medical search
engine or something like that.
They might be right. :-)
Still, more and more people are voting based on what they learn from the web.
But the fact is, since the old people in the USA vote in disproportionate
numbers, it is their lack of compassion for younger generations that could
be a big part of the problem. Or if one wants to spin it differently, it is
their fear for themselves that makes them prevent change, even when they
know the current system is unfairly hurting young people.
And, the insurance industries are playing this, and they are getting old
people scared (the Palin "death boards" comment), and so old people have
stopped thinking rationally; this is all so that insurance companies can
continue as a parasite to suck one third of every health care dollar while
young people in the USA have no reliable access to medical care. That was
what my quote and comment was about from that town hall meeting -- an old
person just focusing on themselves, and ignoring how young people were going
to get their medical needs met. Pure selfishness. And worse, stupidity
because if the young are sick or too poor to become doctors, who will help
take care of the old? Robots, of course, as mentioned in the article. :-)
But that still leaves the young people out in the cold.
As I see it, it is the duty of each generation to "pay it forward" to the
next. So, in general, parents invest in their children, and their children
invest in their grandchildren, and so on.
When children are investing in their parents and grandparents, something is
deeply broken evolutionarily. I'm not saying kids should not be helpful or
contribute to their household or society, or that they should not be nice to
their elders, but that is something different than "paying it forward".
Also, with growing pyramidal demographics, maybe a family might have one
childless kid out of ten take care of the parents, but when families have
one or two children (like in the west), paying things backward becomes a
much less defensible idea, where the parents then become replacements for
their own grandchildren, taken care of by their childless children. With
people living longer, this only becomes a worse problem in that sense, since
parents will remain a continual burden until their children are past their
own child-bearing years.
But paying it backward is what is happening with the current situation in
the USA, because it was a pyramid scheme, not any sort of true investment
plan for social security, and other aspects of health care make even
Medicare have some of those aspects. So, the old people who got in early
(when they were young) are benefiting much more than is fair considering
what a kid from today can expect.
Really, we're talking people earning low wages in the USA paying about 15%
of their paltry income to pay for an old person's health insurance and basic
income when the young person often can't go see a doctor. Something is just
wrong there. Conveniently, when the press talks about tax rates in the USA,
they always leave out that part of taxes when they talk about low "federal
  And for those who suffer without medical care, they are more likely to die
and so never receive social security benefits. So, they pay into a system
they will never get benefits from. There are racial aspects of that too,
essentially black people are supporting white people's retirement by that
sort of demographic transfer, given black people don't live as long on
average as white people in the USA.
   "White men had a record life expectancy of 76 years in 2006, and black men
saw their life span increase to an average of 70 years. White women on
average can expect to live to 81. The life expectancy for black women is
just under 77."
So, basically, black men in the USA get almost no social security or M
edicare benefits if they start at 65 (the age is going up), but most of the
money goes to white women.
One can talk about equity, and I am all for it, but these are basic facts of
how the USA demographics work in relation to the wealth transfer systems
that are in place now. A more equitable system, that is blinder to race and
age, might be to give everyone medical benefits and a basic income. Then,
for example, black men might live longer too.
There is one caveat to everything I wrote, which is increasing abundance in
some areas. The internet is supporting a free peer commons for health information. 3D printers may someday print medical tools or medicines at home. Simulators may make it easier to train doctors or medical specialists. Free software medical AIs might help with better local medical decision making. So, if all these things improve, the young person of today may be getting the better care that and old person in a conventional medical setting. But, that day still seems some time away, even if, personally, I have already found some good medical advice on the internet (as well as some bad or inappropriate advice too). So, to the extent old people helped create the conditions for the internet and these other developments, they can rightfully claim to be supporting the young generation and "paying it forward", even if not financially.
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-17 11:59:06
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peak Population crisis (was Re: Japan's Demographic 
>> I know this is a very popular theme in the U.S., and very attractive to
 >> young people ...
 >>
 >> hell, the boomers you are critiquing where saying the exact same things
 >> about their parents 40 years ago ...
Some more on the demographics and historical economics of this:
   "The Lost Youth of Europe"
   The continent's boomers are retiring, leaving a bitter legacy for the generation that comes next, which increasingly feels locked out of the European dream. ... Young adults in France, like their contemporaries across Europe, face a slew of problems never experienced by their middle-aged leaders. Consider: a 30-year-old Frenchman earned 15 percent less than a 50-year-old in 1975; now he earns 40 percent less. Over the same period, the number of graduates unemployed two years after college has risen from 6 percent to 25 percent, even if they typically have better degrees. Thirty-year-olds in 2001 were saving 9 percent of their incomes, down from 18 percent just six years before. Young people who snag stable jobs, gain access to credit and buy homes later in life are particularly angry that the older generations continue to rack up public debts for which they will get the bill. And they are very skeptical of the pledges of boomer-generation politicians. "If all this were financially possible, it would have been done long ago," says Cl?ment Pitton, the 23-year-old leader of Impulsion Concorde, which recently circulated a petition declaring "We will not pay your debt."
   Pitton's sentiments are increasingly shared by the children of Europe's baby boomers, a generation sometimes called the baby losers. Not only will they be forced to pick up the tab for a welfare system that offers far more to the elderly than to the young, but they will be forced to do so with less: Europe's economy remains skewed in favor of the old and its politicians have been shy about pushing painful reforms that might correct the balance. No wonder one recent poll in France showed that only 5 percent believed young people had a better chance of succeeding than their parents. Europe, it seems, is increasingly split?not along class or racial lines, but between its young and its old.
   As the rift grows so does awareness. Just browse the media or visit the bookstores. In France, the shelves groan with works bemoaning the "G?n?ration Pr?caire"?the Precarious Generation. Two boomer authors warned in a book released this December, "Our Children Will Hate Us." In Britain, think tanks turn out reports on "Maggie's Children"?the unfortunates born in the affluent Thatcher years?or the IPOD Generation: the newcomers to the job market who find themselves "Insecure, Pressured, Overtaxed and Debt-Ridden."
   Small wonder Europe's young are losing faith in their leaders. In a recent report for the Policy Exchange think tank, David Willetts, the Conservative Party's education spokesman, concluded, "A young person could be forgiven for thinking [there's] a conspiracy by the middle-aged against the young." There may not be any concerted plot, but it's clear who's to blame for today's sorry situation: the boomers. The sunlit decades of postwar prosperity saw the creation of generous welfare states across Europe. Dynamic economies assured the boomers secure employment (Germans still like to speak of "job owners") and hefty pensions on retirement. But this good fortune came at a price. The same labor rules that protect the jobs of the middle-aged shut out the young. And dwindling birthrates mean there will soon be fewer workers to support the retirees.
   So will the boomers renounce?or at least share?their benefits? Unlikely, says leading French sociologist Louis Chauvel. "The baby boomers didn't [intend] to do this to young people, but I don't see a willingness to get them out of the situation either." Such intransigence looks even more unfair given the disparities in wealth and lifestyle. The boomers are living it up; many have used their generous pensions to opt out of the labor market altogether. Only 30 percent of Belgians older than 55 still work, for example. A report by the London-based think tank Reform put the issue plainly. "People over 50 are developing the lifestyles of teenagers."
   As they slack off, their children's woes are multiplying. Germans now talk of "Generation Intern" as well-educated graduates increasingly accept unpaid jobs in the quest for elusive permanent posts. Such challenges breed despair. Ask Daniel Knapp. Born in Germany, he speaks four languages fluently and holds a master's degree from the London School of Economics. But he's spent the last six months chasing jobs in London, Berlin and Brussels ?unsuccessfully. "I feel as if I'm simply draining my family's resources. It seems my degrees only qualify me for further education but not really a job."
   Some countries have so far avoided the malaise. In Ireland, the birthrate peaked late and the strong economy still provides jobs for all. In fact, "this is the first generation to have grown up in Ireland with no question that they would be able to find a job in the country," says Tony Fahey of the Economic and Social Research Institute in Dublin. Ditto for Spain, where everyone is enjoying the new prosperity and a welfare system vastly expanded since the end of the Franco regime. "[The young here] don't live worse than their parents; in fact they live much better," says Federico Steinberg, an economist at the Autonomous University of Madrid.
   But even the happy Irish and Spanish share a housing problem. Across the continent, spiraling property prices and poor job prospects are conspiring to keep youngsters living at home. According to the Italian Institute of Social Medicine, 45 percent of the country's 30- to 34-year-olds still sleep in their old beds and enjoy Mama's home cooking. In France, the proportion of 24-year-olds now living with their parents has almost doubled since 1975, to 65 percent. Even in the U.K., with its enviable record of job creation, the average age of the first-time home buyer has climbed from 26 in 1976 to 34 today. Property prices are now eight times higher than the median earnings of the ordinary twentysomething. ...
   Ironically, Europe's young don't seem to favor cutting their parents' benefits; they want the same treatment. Last year French youths mobbed the streets to protest a new bill that aimed to create more employment but offered less security; the proposal was defeated. Says Wanlin: "Their aspiration is to get the same protection for themselves." If the economics don't work out, that's a problem for the politicians?not the young. Indeed, even some boomers recognize the flaws in the status quo. "The worst thing," says French author and former political advisor Bernard Spitz, "would be if we lived contentedly with our debts and our early retirements, telling ourselves the young will pay, just like we told ourselves 'Germany will pay' after the Treaty of Versailles." As Europe has learned before, a bad peace only leads to more war?even between generations. ...
"The New Generation Gap"
In many ways, the argument is generational. A CNN-Opinion Research Corporation poll from last week found that a majority of voters over age 50 opposed overhauling the health care system, while most younger voters were in favor of doing so. ... But their fears underscored the findings of a Gallup poll in July, which found that seniors are the age group most resistant to changing the system. Fewer than half favor doing so. They are more likely to believe that such efforts would reduce, rather than expand, their access to health care, and they say their own medical care would get worse rather than improve. ... By a margin of 2 to 1, people under age 45 said that insurance was more serious. But those over 45 cited costs. This poll and others show that concern about costs rises with age. ... And if the administration doesn?t have enough to worry about, here?s one more thing: older Americans tend to vote in greater numbers than any other demographic.
"Health Care?s Generation Gap "
That was back in the mid-?80s, when the nation was spending around 8 percent of its gross domestic product on health care. I and other health care workers solemnly agreed that the spending spree could not continue. Taxpayers and insurance companies would eventually revolt and refuse to pay for such end-of-life care. Somebody would surely expose the ruse for what it was: an enormous transfer of wealth based on the pretense that getting old and dying is a medical emergency requiring high-tech intensive-care intervention and armies of specialists, which could cost $10,000 or more per day. (Europeans have so far resisted this delusion, one reason they spend much less than we do on health care, with far better results.)
   That was back in the mid-?80s, when the nation was spending around 8 percent of its gross domestic product on health care. I and other health care workers solemnly agreed that the spending spree could not continue. Taxpayers and insurance companies would eventually revolt and refuse to pay for such end-of-life care. Somebody would surely expose the ruse for what it was: an enormous transfer of wealth based on the pretense that getting old and dying is a medical emergency requiring high-tech intensive-care intervention and armies of specialists, which could cost $10,000 or more per day. (Europeans have so far resisted this delusion, one reason they spend much less than we do on health care, with far better results.) ...
  One thing?s for sure: Our health care system has failed. Generational spending wars loom on the horizon. Rationing of health care is imminent. But given the political inertia, we could soon find ourselves in a triage situation in which there is no time or money to create medical-review boards to ponder cost-containment issues or rationing schemes. We?ll be forced to implement quick-and-dirty rules based on something simple, sensible and easily verifiable. Like age. As in: No federal funds to be spent on intensive-care medicine for anyone over 85.
   I am not, of course, talking about euthanasia. I?m just wondering why the nation continues incurring enormous debt to pay for bypass surgery and titanium-knee replacements for octogenarians and nonagenarians, when for just a small fraction of those costs we could provide children with preventive health care and nutrition. Eight million children have no health insurance, but their parents pay 3 percent of their salaries to Medicare to make sure that seniors get the very best money can buy in prescription drugs for everything from restless leg syndrome to erectile dysfunction, scooters and end-of-life intensive care.
  Sir William Osler, widely revered as the father of modern medicine, said, ?One of the first duties of the physician is to educate the masses not to take medicine.? Perhaps the second duty should be to administer an ounce of prevention instead of a pound of cure. ...
Again, sick or dead young people can't pay for the health care of old people, nor can sick or dead young people be health care practitioners for old people. You would think old people could see it, but maybe it will take some leadership to help them see it?
Again, this is not to disagree with Michel's main point that people need to focus on commonality to solve problems. The last paragraph in the first item makes a related analogy to old wars and how the young just want the same thing the older generation got. I'd suggest my point just above is one such point of commonality -- the young can not take good care of the old if the young are sick or dead.
That point by David Willetts was actually the quote in my mind when I wrote my previous reply, but I could not find it.
As with the comment on Ireland, that is why the industrialized globe is facing a "Peak Population" crisis, not a "Peak Oil" crisis, even though people are confusing the two, which is odd given solar is now (or soon will be) cheaper than coal. :-)
But, think about it, how many of the industrialized world's current problems are better explained by "Peak Population" rather than "Peak Oil"?
And how much has the "Peak Energy" misrepresentation of the "Peak Oil" fact by people like Catton led to smaller families and made worse the "Peak Population" crisis? Gloomsters and Doomsters are in that sense creating the terrible problems we are facing right now. In Voyage from Yesteryear, James P. Hogan talks about despair versus optimist in a culture, in part based on appreciation of the potential abundance energy in the universe.
The less peers that are around, the less peers can help each other and contribute to a free commons. Maybe there are laws of diminishing returns, but are we anywhere near them? What would Wikipedia be like with only 100 contributors instead of 100 thousand? Especially in a digital age, it is easy for a peer to add more to the free commons than they take away. What do you take away from Wikipedia by reading a page? A little electricity power perhaps, but Wikipedia shows us how to get all the power we need from the sun.
   So, even in a physical sense, Wikipedia is helping peers physically power it by giving away such knowledge.
We can support quadrillions of humans in the solar system (see my previous references to Dyson, Bernal, Savage, O'Neill, and there are many others), or about a million times our current population on Earth. We essentially had the specific technological ideas in the 1970s we needed to do that, even given refinements since then. So, a focus on zero or negative population growth for the human race as a whole right now, as opposed to just limiting the population currently on Earth (which might be sensible, even though I think we could easily grow 10X on Earth), has created a "Peak Population" crisis that we didn't need to have for 1000 years when we filled up the solar system (and by then, we would have better technology and better social ideology to deal with changing demographics of moving from a triangle to a square of population by age).
Sure, let's set a population target for some carrying capacity on Earth the same way the health and fire departments limit the maximum number of people in a restaurant. But, you don't limit the human population of a city (or the solar system) the same way you limit the number of people that can safely be in a restaurant (the Earth). That is ultimately the mistake that gloomsters like Catton make -- they confuse the two, mostly IMHO from lack of imagination, but also because some profit from artificial scarcity, as well, as in Catton's case, the hypocrisy of having four children while telling everyone else to have less.
So, we desperately need peers to help solve the "Peak Population" crisis until we reach the carrying capacity of the solar system of several quadrillion people. :-) And, no, that's not what I had in mind, get your mind out of the gutter. :-) I was thinking about this purely in terms of peers helping solve the "Peak Population" problem in academic and demographic and infrastructure and economic and space and ocean and free commons terms. :-) Still, I'd suggest, if you want to have four kids like Catton, don't feel guilty about it -- in fact, be proud you are helping solve the Peak Population crisis outlined above. :-)
Robots and mind children are another way to solve the "Peak Population" crisis, and that is essentially why, as in the original article Ryan linked to, the Japanese are building robots to survive.
   So, in thirty years we'll have a flood or humanoid robots and other "mind children", and so humans won't have to "work" except at what they like to do. :-) But that's another problem then caused by the crisis of "Peak Population", or essentially how to deal with sibling rivalry by figuring out how to get physical children peers and mind children peers to get along and play nice. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-17 19:40:33
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peak Population crisis (was Re: Japan's 
Just for balance, I just saw this in today's CS Monitor:
   "ECONOMIC SCENE: Is population growth a Ponzi scheme?"
Forty-five nations face a population ?bust? that has some leaders wringing their hands. They worry about the costs of supporting an aging society and the loss of national and economic power.
   When US Vice President Joe Biden spoke of Russia?s ?withering? population last month, Russian leaders bristled.
   But notions that population growth is a boon for prosperity ? or that national political success depends on it ? are ?Ponzi demography,? says Joseph Chamie, former director of the population division of the United Nations.
   The profits of growth go to the few, and everyone else picks up the tab.
Here?s a look at the numbers: By 2050, countries as diverse as Cuba, Georgia, Germany, Hungary, Japan, South Korea, and Russia will lose at least 10 percent of their people, UN estimates suggest. This trend toward fewer births is accelerating. In the rich, developed nations, the average age is rising at the fastest pace ever, UN demographers note. Today they have 264 million aged 60 or over. By 2050, that number is expected to rise to 416 million. ...
   Growth, whether through immigration or natural increase, is a plus for some groups. For business, it means a boost in the demand for products. It also means a surge in low- and high-skilled workers, which can keep a lid on wage pressures. Religious and ethnic groups want more immigrants of their own faith and ethnicity to raise their political and social clout. The military regards young immigrants as potential recruits.
   But the public pays a cost for a bigger population.
   Mr. Chamie speaks of more congestion on highways, more farmland turned into housing developments, more environmental damage, including the output of pollutants associated with climate change.
   In the current healthcare debate in the US, one costly question is whether the insurance covers some 11 million illegal immigrants.
   Of course, there are also costs for countries with stable or declining    They will need to spend more looking after older citizens and, yes, some industries like housing will shrink. But governments won?t have to spend as much on children. And any labor shortage would fade if increasingly healthy older people worked an extra year or two before retiring to maintain their standard of living.
   The goal should be gradual population stabilization, Chamie says. The costs of an aging but stable population would be more manageable than those of a population boom. He asks: Does America really need more than its current 309 million people? With immigration at present levels, it will have 439 million by 2050. A stable or falling population, he says, ?is not a disaster. It is a success.?
I find his logic questionable, since, every baby has the potential to add more to a society than they take away, both by contributing to expanding the commons and also for reasons of inherent worth. Joseph Chamie talks about increased pollution but not about more Wikipedia pages. He talks about congestion around cities but not building new cities on land, in the ocean, or in space. He talks about loss of farmland but not the development of agricultural robotics and precision farming and food replicators. He talks of global climate change but not of all the people developing and deploying solar panels. Joseph Chamie is mixing issues of population growth (including financial issues like Ponzi-scheme social program funding like Medicaid an Social Security) with issues of commonly perceived current technical and ecological limits of life on one planet (the Earth).
I'd point out that Joseph Chamie, presumably once somebody's wanted child and perhaps someone with children of his own, is really asking the wrong question. The big question for our species (or individuals is that species) is not "Does the USA need more people?" but "Do humans and/or the universe want, or find acceptable, or smile upon more people?" And if so, let's have peers find a way to make it happen. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-18 11:21:16
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peak Population crisis 
Thanks for the interesting reply.
Here is one other aspect of Lawrence Martin's original point suggesting that the young have been mesmerized by video games, TV, advertising, and so on to the point of social apathy. The question of who is responsible for that world of media is a point not mentioned in the rebuttal by Alison Lost.
Who made those technologies and used them as babysitters for the young?
   If an older generation raises a younger generation on media crack for convenience or profit (or out of ignorance), then if that younger generation is addicted, who should be blamed?
   "Study: More parents use TV as an electronic babysitter "
      Television is a central part of life for many babies and toddlers, with many parents relying on it as an electronic babysitter and a third of families leaving the TV on nearly all the time, according to a new study about the role of media in families.
   "Almost every moment of the day in some families is tied to media," says Vicky Rideout of the Kaiser Family Foundation, which sponsored the study. "It's a huge part of families' lives."
   The study also shows that a third of young children have TVs in their own rooms, and many are put to sleep with the television on.
Likewise, the "Rat Park" study  suggests addictive behavior is mainly a response to social and environmental stress. So, if compulsory schooling is stressful (including by being boring for many), then again, if kids turn to drugs like media or worse to escape, who is responsible?
    Rat Park was a study into drug addiction conducted in the late 1970s by Canadian psychologist Bruce K. Alexander and his colleagues at Simon Fraser University in British Columbia, Canada.
   Alexander's hypothesis was that drugs do not cause addiction, and that the apparent addiction to opiate drugs commonly observed in laboratory rats exposed to it is attributable to their living conditions, and not to any addictive property of the drug itself. [1] He told the Canadian Senate in 2001 that prior experiments in which laboratory rats were kept isolated in cramped metal cages, tethered to a self-injection apparatus, show only that "severely distressed animals, like severely distressed people, will relieve their distress pharmacologically if they can." [2]
   To test his hypothesis, Alexander built Rat Park, a 8.8m? (95? feet) housing colony, 200 times the square footage of a standard laboratory cage. There were 16?20 rats of both sexes in residence, an abundance of food, balls and wheels for play, and enough space for mating and raising litters. [3] The results of the experiment appeared to support his hypothesis. Rats who had been forced to consume morphine hydrochloride for 57 consecutive days were brought to Rat Park and given a choice between plain tap water and water laced with morphine. For the most part, they chose the plain water. "Nothing that we tried," Alexander wrote, "... produced anything that looked like addiction in rats that were housed in a reasonably normal environment." [1] Control groups of rats isolated in small cages consumed much more morphine in this and several subsequent experiments.
   "Gin, Television, and Social Surplus"
  The transformation from rural to urban life was so sudden, and so wrenching, that the only thing society could do to manage was to drink itself into a stupor for a generation. The stories from that era are amazing-- there were gin pushcarts working their way through the streets of London.
   And it wasn't until society woke up from that collective bender that we actually started to get the institutional structures that we associate with the industrial revolution today. Things like public libraries and museums, increasingly broad education for children, elected leaders -- a lot of things we like -- didn't happen until having all of those people together stopped seeming like a crisis and started seeming like an asset.
   It wasn't until people started thinking of this as a vast civic surplus, one they could design for rather than just dissipate, that we started to get what we think of now as an industrial society.
While I agree with that mostly (he ignores how bad the factories were at the time, it was not just urbanization), I disagree with Shirky that "free time" caused all of the rush to TV. I'd suggest excessive TV viewing as self-medication is in large part from other social stresses (including the demise of physical community), even though there is also truth to what Shirky says about TV as an initial response to some free time. What is different is that Shirky misses the effect of the change in TV over time (becoming faster and less innocent) and TV's effect on the young. Still, I agree with Shirky's theme that people are finding other things to do with that time. But, some of them, even contributing to Wikipedia or being on Facebook may still be as self-medicating in some regards as TV.
   Even using Google has addictive aspects:
Slate is running a story about how searching the internet and keeping up with events through instant communication can fulfill biochemical needs within our brains.
   Research has shown that anticipation and simply "wanting" can stimulate dopamine production in the brain, and an internet full of answers plays right into that. Quoting: "For humans, this desire to search is not just about fulfilling our physical needs. Panksepp says that humans can get just as excited about abstract rewards as tangible ones. He says that when we get thrilled about the world of ideas, about making intellectual connections, about divining meaning, it is the seeking circuits that are firing. ... The dopamine circuits 'promote states of eagerness and directed purpose,' Panksepp writes. It's a state humans love to be in. So good does it feel that we seek out activities, or substances, that keep this system aroused ? cocaine and amphetamines, drugs of stimulation, are particularly effective at stirring it."
As with all things, the issue is how activities fit into a balance of a larger healthy whole.
For our child, we kept the screens away pretty much for the first four years (when both parents use screens working at home, there was a bit, but we tried to minimize it, and never TV). And we don't have broadcast TV hookup in the house even now (so, no direct advertising), even though we have cable internet (I keep telling the cable salespeople who call that I don't want the video part because we would watch it. :-) Starting around four, there began to be some selected youtube and some kids sites (including Lego sites, to see an interaction of the physical and the computer) and now at an older age some more videos -- maybe forty by now (counting all DVDs in sets): Totoro, Wall-e (which was probably a mistake), the Planet Earth sets and a a few other nature video sets, a couple Mr. Rogers CDs, How things go, a few others like the Man who Planted Trees and Yellow Submarine, and now the short films of the designer couple, Charles and Ray Eames. However, because for the most part, all media is watched together with a parent, there is plenty of opportunity for comments to develop media literacy (like about advertising, even in Lego stuff). This past winter we set up a Wii and Playstation 2 (with selected games) with an old TV just for the winter, which overall I have very mixed feelings about, and we put most of it away when the winter was over. Granted, this would be harder to do with families with more than one kid, since the younger kids would want to do what they see older kids doing. Still, the fact that more families can not do that also is a reflection of a society that focuses resources on other things than families with children.
Example research:
   "Research shows that children under the age of eight are unable to critically comprehend televised advertising messages and are prone to accept advertiser messages as truthful, accurate and unbiased. This can lead to unhealthy eating habits as evidenced by today?s youth obesity epidemic. For these reasons, a task force of the American Psychological Association (APA) is recommending that advertising targeting children under the age of eight be restricted."
"This statement describes the possible negative health effects of television viewing on children and adolescents, such as violent or aggressive behavior, substance use, sexual activity, obesity, poor body image, and decreased school performance."
When the US American Academy of Pediatrics recommends an enormous number of vaccines which they supply, one can wonder if they are self-serving.
When the AAP go against the media industry to all sorts of potential trouble (like suggesting *no* TV under age two), I'd suggest they are unquestionably showing they really care about kids.
Still, with all that said, media has a less toxic affects for many homeschoolers and unschoolers, because kids who are less stressed and have more healthy options and more parental guidance likely tend not to resort to addictive behavior to escape as much. That is sort of like how heavy metals in drinking water are less of a problem if you eat a healthy diet (which helps chelate them) and are in good general health.
At this point, because our kid was concerned about us putting stuff away after the winter, we do have a small TV hooked up with the Wall-e video game, which was a game heavily used this past winter, but, except for one day at the start, and maybe one or two other times, it has sat idle for monthsp There are more interesting things to do than shoot boxes all day. Also, we've pointed out how we don't like the robot-on-robot violence of it, which, unlike the movie, escalates throughout the game -- which strangely enough is rated E for everyone because there is not violence against *people* as if Wall-e was a person shooting robots, not a human-like robot. In general, if I could have never bought that Wall-e game, I would undo it. As it is, it has provided some opportunities for talking about violence.
"The War Play Dilemma: What Every Parent And Teacher Needs to Know "
"As violence in the media and media-linked toys increases, parents and teachers are also seeing an increase in children?s war play. The authors have revised this popular text to provide more practical guidance for working with children to promote creative play, and for positively influencing the lessons about violence children are learning. Using a developmental and sociopolitical viewpoint, the authors examine five possible strategies for resolving the war play dilemma and show which best satisfy both points of view: banning war play; taking a laissez-faire approach; allowing war play with specified limits; actively facilitating war play; and limiting war play while providing alternative ways to work on the Media access is a complex subject though. I feel "radical unschoolers" like Sandra Dodd overstate the case for free access to media for young kids. Video media historically was more expensive to produce than books, so it tends to be narrower than books. Also, as above, before age eight or so young kids have trouble distinguishing video fantasy from reality. One can see some related debate here:
   Still, I can agree free access to media might make more sense for older kids raised in an unschooling setting and lightly supervised. As Sandra Dodd suggests, I agree there is a lot of truth to her and other unschoolers' point that these technologies are not as addictive or harmful in a healthy setting (and neither are drugs like alcohol, cigarettes, etc. for that matter.) In a healthy setting, it is more likely that kids can get more of the good and less of the bad from any potentially hazardous thing like TV. (Obviously, I feel cigarettes have no redeeming value, and personally, I've never liked alcohol though some make a case for a glass of wine a day for a variety of reasons.)
But the problem is, between compulsory schooling and two-income families, advertising-soaked broadcast TV, a pressure to compete, and a separation from nature, kids are in deep trouble (at least in the USA).
   "In Defense of Childhood: Protecting Kids' Inner Wildness"
   As John Taylor Gatto said almost twenty years ago (and it is worse now in many ways):
   "After an adult lifetime spent in teaching school I believe the method of schooling is the only real content it has. Don't be fooled into thinking that good curricula or good equipment or good teachers are the critical determinants of your son and daughter's schooltime. All the pathologies we've considered come about in large measure because the lessons of school prevent children from keeping important appointments with themselves and their families, to learn lessons in self-motivation, perseverance, self-reliance, courage, dignity and love -- and, of course, lessons in service to others, which are among the key lessons of home life. Thirty years ago these things could still be learned in the time left after school. But television has eaten most of that time, and a combination of television and the stresses peculiar to two-income or single-parent families have swallowed up most of what used to be family time. Our kids have no time left to grow up fully human, and only thin-soil wastelands to do it in. "
And kids may be in even *more* trouble when their families are conventionally wealthy -- what many US Americans seem to aspire to be:
  "Why Affluent, High-Achieving Teens Are Often Depressed"
 "Madeline Levine is a clinical psychologist and expert on adolescents and teens from affluent families. Throughout more than 25 years of practice, she came to observe a counterintuitive phenomenon: that along with their list of achievements and accomplishments, these kids often have developed significant depression, anxiety, substance abuse, and psychosomatic disorders. An effect of being "indulged, coddled, pressured, and micromanaged," Levine writes, is that they haven't been able to develop a sense of self. In her book The Price of Privilege: How Parental Pressure and Material Advantage Are Creating a Generation of Disconnected and Unhappy Kids, Levine dissects her experience working with these affluent kids, and explores why they report feeling less close to their parents than any other group of teens and have three times the national rate of emotional problems."
In my recent talk on "abundance" on FastForward Radio, that was one of the issues I wanted to touch on -- to show how abundance even today is not like a world of abundance for everyone -- but there was not enough time.
So, I don't think, on that basis, it is so easy for the older generation, who have crafted this world as it is for various reasons, to wash their hands of what the young do. Obviously, personal responsibility is a complex It *is* a fact that you can help your own child to grow into a decent human being by providing a richer soil for them -- richer in the sense of parents being there and *not* having broadcast TV; it does not take much else to raise a child well, beyond the basics of good food, shelter, nature, positive interactions with neighbors and other kids, and so on. Admittedly, it *is* expensive these days to provide the basics, and in is even more expensive to have parents at home. And frankly, it's not clear to me that *any* place in the USA has a functional village-like community anymore during the day, given almost all the kids are in school. But that is obviously too broad a statement -- no doubt there are many decent communities out there -- ours now is not too bad, but mainly because it is 50% retirees who have a bunch of free time as they all essentially are on a basic income.
   Plus we've gotten to know other homeschooling families. Although even there, the culture of being in essentially a repressed 2% minority in the USA is not the same as if everyone was doing it.
Still, the problem any parent looking at alternatives faces is that a healthy child you raise as best you can faces a world of other unhealthy children raised on broadcast television and imprisoned in compulsory schooling most of their lives (for whatever reason, since obviously these parents love their kids too, but may feel there is no alternative due to work pressures or are unaware of many of these issues). Or as Gatto put it:
   Our problem in understanding forced schooling stems from an inconvenient fact: that the wrong it does from a human perspective is right from a systems perspective. You can see this in the case of six-year-old Bianca, who came to my attention because an assistant principal screamed at her in front of an assembly, "BIANCA, YOU ANIMAL, SHUT UP!" Like the wail of a banshee, this sang the school doom of Bianca. Even though her body continued to shuffle around, the voodoo had poisoned her.
   Do I make too much of this simple act of putting a little girl in her place? It must happen thousands of times every day in schools all over. I?ve seen it many times, and if I were painfully honest I?d admit to doing it many times. Schools are supposed to teach kids their place. That?s why we have age-graded classes. In any case, it wasn?t your own little Janey or mine.
   Most of us tacitly accept the pragmatic terms of public school which allow every kind of psychic violence to be inflicted on Bianca in order to fulfill the prime directive of the system: putting children in their place. It?s called "social efficiency." But I get this precognition, this flash-forward to a moment far in the future when your little girl Jane, having left her comfortable home, wakes up to a world where Bianca is her enraged meter maid, or the passport clerk Jane counts on for her emergency ticket out of the country, or the strange lady who lives next door.
   I picture this animal Bianca grown large and mean, the same Bianca who didn?t go to school for a month after her little friends took to whispering, "Bianca is an animal, Bianca is an animal," while Bianca, only seconds earlier a human being like themselves, sat choking back tears, struggling her way through a reading selection by guessing what the words meant.
   In my dream I see Bianca as a fiend manufactured by schooling who now regards Janey as a vehicle for vengeance. In a transport of passion she:
    1. Gives Jane?s car a ticket before the meter runs out.
    2. Throws away Jane?s passport application after Jane leaves the office.
    3. Plays heavy metal music through the thin partition which separates Bianca?s apartment from Jane?s while Jane pounds frantically on the wall for     4. All the above.
   You aren?t compelled to loan your car to anyone who wants it, but you are compelled to surrender your school-age child to strangers who process children for a livelihood, even though one in every nine schoolchildren is terrified of physical harm happening to them in school, terrified with good cause; about thirty-three are murdered there every year. From 1992 through 1999, 262 children were murdered in school in the United States. Your great-great-grandmother didn?t have to surrender her children. What happened?
   If I demanded you give up your television to an anonymous, itinerant repairman who needed work you?d think I was crazy; if I came with a policeman who forced you to pay that repairman even after he broke your set, you would be outraged. Why are you so docile when you give up your child to a government agent called a schoolteacher?
So, even for parents who works hard to build a good childhood for their own children (including by protecting their imaginations in the early years from broadcast television, and providing the basics like sandboxes and Lego and human interaction and nature), just helping your own children is not enough.
To truly protect your own children from this social disaster we have created for ourselves and everyone's children, we also need, in your words, to change the structures of society -- for everyone. Or, in other words:
   "If you have come to help me you are wasting your time. If you have come because your liberation is bound up with mine, then let us work together."
? Aboriginal Activists' Group (of which Lila Watson was a member), Queensland, 1970s
Which, if my child ever reads this, is one reason I've spent so much time posting to the internet on these issues and thus less time directly with my family. :-(
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-20 12:39:29
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 60 jobs that will rock the future... (not) 
Robots at AI will design and repair future robot. Much medical robotics will be replaced by prevention, including better nutrition, better sleep, less bad stress and more good stress in meaningful work. Specific cheap devices will replace many medical interventions, for example a surgical wand will replace most of what dermatologists charge for -- just press it against a mole, and the mole is removed, and the material scanned for cancer. So, most doctors will be put out of work.
This will mostly be automated.
Solar panels, electric cars, and zero-emission industries will end most smog.
 > 4.Bioinformatician
Most of this will be automated. The rest will be a DIYBio hobby activity.
 > 5.Stem Cell Researcher
Again, a hobby, backed by computer simulation.
 > 6.Custom Implant Organ Designer
And shortly this will all be straightforward, same as few people use a custom content management system and instead use one off-the-shelf. So, this will be a straightforward thing requiring little design within twenty years.
A better society will have less distress and more positive stress. While massage is important, jobs in this will decline, especially as people have more free time and healthier community relationships.
 > 8.Nurse
Better medical information, better devices, better medicines, and better robotics will eliminate the need for most nurses.
Again, better computers, better assistive devices, better medicines, better robotics, and better powered exo-skelatons will help with much of this. And with more free time, family members will be able to help out more.
 > 10.Pharmacist
Not only will this be automated, people will print most of their own pills at home if they need any.
 > 11.Medical Records
All automated.
Already automated:
    > 13.Dentist
Better nutrition and better mouth bacterial cultures will make cavities  > 14.Space Tour Guide
How many people going to a major city use a tour guide much? Going to space may in a few decades be as rountine as going to a foreign city, and if you need a guide, computers and robots will guide you.
 > 15.Robotics Technician
Robots will fix the robots. Robots will be designed modularly for easy repair.
 > 16.Nanotechnologist
People will make better designs for a hobby.
 >  17.Simulation Engineer
 > 18.Energy Resources Engineer
Print a solar panel in your home 3D printer. Print a robot to put it on the  > 20.Biorefinery Plant Manager
Hobby, like gardening, for what 3D printing does not do.
 > 21.Laboratory Technician
Computers will supervise that. Some already do.
 > 22.Transportation Engineer
Electric cars are design to design and maintain than fossil fuel ones. We already have such designs. Nothing to see here. Draw a line on a map and let the robots put in the rail. What's more, let the optimizing software pick a good line on the map.
 > 23.Seed Production Technician
Hobby. Also, people will print seeds in special 3D printers linked with DIYBio equipment..
 > 24.Technical Writer
Who reads manuals these days? If it needs a manual, it needs to be redesigned. Besides, user communities will provide technical support for free.
 > 25.Inventor
Hobby and AI.
 > 26.Organic Food Producer
Hobby gardening. 3D printing.
 > 27.Sustainability Officer
With a culture shift, sustainability and eco-friendly will be done as a matter of course.
Changing design practices will lead to cradle-to-cradle being common practice.
 > 29.Food Scientist
Hobby, like cooking, but powered by Google etc.
Software will do this; consumers will use the software.
 > 31.Renewable Energy Technician
As above, print panel using 3D printer, print robot to deploy it. Recycle both when you are done with them (assuming the robot is not sentient).
 > 32.Hydrologist
Software. This just becomes politics then.
 > 33.Sustainable Urban Planner
Hobby and politics.
 > 34.Geophysicist
Google and smart cell phones.
 > 36.Wind Turbine Technician
Robots to maintain these things.
If we need to many of these, we're doomed.
If nobody needs money, why would people pay for this?
 > 39.Data
Common standards will make this not too important.
Emerging standards will make this unimportant as a job. It might be a hobby activity still, like car customization.
 > 41.Distance
Learning on demand through the internet or via simulation will make this job That is a joke, right? See Moore's law. Plenty of bandwidth for many things, and lots more to come by expected growth.
 > 43.Computer Forensics Analyst
Less property crime and money-motivated identity theft with more abundance.
 > 44.Quality Assurance Engineer
Most of this will be automated. Much already is. But yes, in general, of all these "jobs", this one is the most essential.
 > 45.Cloud Computing Engineer
Emerging standard will render this unimportant as it will be assumed.
 > 46.Internet Crack Team Volunteer
Already hobby. Why will it really change?
 > 47.Integrated Digital
Blogging is already mostly a hobby.
 > 48.Casual Game Developer
Hobby. Better frameworks and design tools will make this easier.
Standards will come to dominate this already saturated market.
Hobby. Also, the general populace will do more of this as time goes by.
Less property crime and less stress through increasing abundance means less prisons. For those who need to be monitored, software, smart clothing, and robots will do it.
As the market is less important over time (local 3D printing, a free commons created by peers), this will be less important over time. Also, Google and other tools will make this easier.
 > 53.Tax Examiner
Mostly automated. And as less of the economy goes through the market, taxes will get less important.
Better design will make it easy to comply, so with more compliance, social norms can enforce much of this.
 > 55.Small Business Owner
There are less needs for small businesses with more local 3D printing and the internet.
 > 56.Welding Technologist
Robots already do much of this. Better tools and better robots will deskill this even more so it is DIY for home, and automated for mass production.
 > 57.Employment Recruiter
As above, with so little employment, recruiters are less needed.
 > 58.Financial Engineer
Finances will be less important, since "money is a sign of poverty".
Isn't one meltdown and great depression enough? See the above section on automated prisons. :-)
Hobby or automation.
In the short term (ten years), maybe some of these may be new jobs for a while. In the long term (thirty to fifty), nope, there are not many jobs here.
People still just don't get the economic shift yet that is happening through better design and Moore's law.
A refinement on my previous equation:
Jobs = (Demand + War + Schooling - Abundance)) / (Automation + Design)
Demand is limited (the best things in life are free or cheap).
War and compulsory schooling are evil.
Automation and Design are increasing.
Abundance is increasing faster than decay.
Given that, plot the curve of jobs. :-)
Or from my comments here:
Let me refine my corollary to Iain Banks' statement:
    "Money is a sign of poverty"
into a living proportionality so you AP Calculus fans can differentiate and
integrate it over time, just for fun. :-)
Fernhout's Law of Money: "The degree to which money (or ration units) needs
to be handled in an organization (or a society) is inversely proportional to
the degree of imagination, skill, freedom, and community present."
Or in mathematical notation: :-)
   M = 1 / I * S * F * C
Since peer-to-peer increases community, skill, freedom, and imagination, that decreases the need for jobs and money. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-21 20:57:02
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The rich...no longer getting richer? 
From there:
Some economists say they believe that the contrasting trends are unrelated. If anything, these economists say, any problems the wealthy have will trickle down, in the form of less charitable giving and less consumer spending. Over the last century, the worst years for the rich were the early 1930s, the heart of the Great Depression .
   Other economists say the recent explosion of incomes at the top did hurt everyone else, by concentrating economic and political power among a relatively small group.
   ?I think incredibly high incomes can have a pernicious effect on the polity and the economy,? said Lawrence Katz, a Harvard economist. Much of the growth of high-end incomes stemmed from market forces, like technological innovation, Mr. Katz said. But a significant amount also stemmed from the wealthy?s newfound ability to win favorable government contracts, low tax rates and weak financial regulation , he added.
And unrelated to the main theme, but interesting here:
In the late 1980s, he founded McAfee Associates, the antivirus software company. It gave away its software, unlike its rivals, but charged fees to those who wanted any kind of technical support. That decision helped make it a huge success. The company went public in 1992, in the early years of one of biggest stock market booms in history.
?We are coming from an abnormal period where a tremendous amount of wealth was created largely by selling assets back and forth,? said Mohamed A. El-Erian, chief executive of Pimco, one of the country?s largest bond traders, and the former manager of Harvard?s endowment.
   Some of this wealth was based on real economic gains, like those from the computer revolution. But much of it was not, Mr. El-Erian said. ?You had wealth creation that could not be tied to the underlying economy,? he added, ?and the benefits were very skewed: they went to the assets of the rich. It was financial engineering.?
Note that the "gains" from the computer revolution are not necessarily egalitarian. Tom Golisano became a billionaire from creating the Paychex company to do automated payroll processing, but that no doubt eliminated a lot of jobs or free-lance consulting for accountants. From:
   "Today, Paychex serves more than 500,000 clients from over 100 locations across the United States and employs more than 9,400 people." So, basically, one person is now doing the payroll for about fifty companies, and likely many of these are medium size companies.
To be clear -- I think the innovation is wonderful, and freeing people from doing jobs through automation is generally a good thing -- as long as the benefits are shared with society. But as it is now, we have one more billionaire and (guessing) maybe 100,000 less accountants. That kind of thing can't go on much longer in job sector after job sector. Even within Paychex, I can wonder if those 9,400 jobs could be mostly eliminated if Paychex or the industry in general tried hard (robotic material handling of checks, a move to electronic deposits, more web data entry, better AI for complaint processing, etc.)? So, job destruction may go in waves, as sections of the economy become more and more structured.
   "Another Jobless Recovery Predicted"
   Or (written originally in 2003 or so):
   The Washington Post notes that we are now witnessing, "the longest hiring downturn since the Depression". [ref] The article also notes, "The vast majority of the 2.7 million job losses since the 2001 recession began were the result of permanent changes in the U.S. economy and are not coming back."
   There is no mystery -- the jobless recovery is exactly what you would expect in a robotic nation. When automation and robots eliminate jobs, they are gone for good. The economy then has to invent new jobs. But it is much harder to do that now because robots can quickly fill the new jobs that get invented. See the FAQ for additional information.
Also, better design, better systems engineering, better intelligent software, and so on, can also all eliminate the need for many jobs.
If demand was infinite, as many economists assume, we might see more jobs eventually. But if demand is limited (the best things in life are free or cheap, and there is a law of diminishing returns on more stuff), or demand grows more slowly than productivity, we will see job loss.
Why even millionaires should support a basic income, even as they lose money: :-)
   "[p2p-research] Basic income from a millionaire's perspective?"
The fact is, the basic income is already about what most millionaires might
be earning off their investments after inflation (assuming they have
anything left after the recent market crash). So, in a way, this proposal
makes everyone in the USA into effective millionaires (or close to it). So,
that means that millionaires have a lot more potential friends in the local
neighborhood with a millionaire-level of spare time to do fun things with
during the day. So, being a millionaire will be a much less lonely thing in
our society. And should a millionaire have children, the millionaire knows,
no matter how irresponsible with money their kid might be, that child will
always be a millionaire, in terms of a basic income.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-21 22:44:48
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intrinsic Security vs. Extrinsic Security 
Here is something I wrote previously but thought I'd post here with revisions, indirectly to go with the "holoptism" essay by David Ronfeldt.
I think peer-to-peer has a role to play in intrinsic security, as networked security like David Ronfelt suggests, or even collaborative security as Christine Peterson of the Foresight Institute suggests about nanotech security.
But, I want to put those networked security ideas into a larger context of intrinsic security (security fundamentally built in) versus extrinsic security (security that is actively maintained by security professionals somehow or patched on afterwards). It is a fundamental aspect of data security that security must be woven into all aspects of a software design process; security generally can not be patched in at the end with any hope of long-term success.
   "The term intrinsic denotes a property of some thing or action which is essential and specific to that thing or action, and which is wholly independent of any other object, action or consequence. A characteristic which is not essential or inherent is extrinsic."
These terms are not (yet) that mainstream in security:
      "Results 1 - 10 of about 375 for "extrinsic security". (0.23 seconds) "
      "Results 1 - 10 of about 33,100 for "intrinsic security". (0.32 seconds)"
There may well be better terms than these for what I mean.
Like with health care, it rapidly becomes a gray area how different sorts of funding for social goods affect different things that may seem unrelated at first. For example, is it better to spend money on health insurance for heart operations in obese people who eat poorly, or instead to perhaps save money by providing subsidized healthy food, playscapes, and health spas? Likewise, is it better to take military funding and spend it on making better solar panels to increase intrinsic security or instead spend the money on better killer robots to defend oil pipelines? So, these are decision areas that are not always so obvious at first, because while everyone needs health and security, these things come about because of holistic decisions at a societal level about how to allocate resources across an interacting network of cause and effect.
So, we may often find that spending money on some fundamental aspect of society (like public parks interconnected by bicycle paths and walking trails) will provide many benefits in other areas (like improved health and perhaps even lowered costs for healthcare in excess of the spending on parks and trails).
Likewise, insulating US homes, putting in renewable energy, and making cars and appliances more energy efficient would cost as small fraction of the current US defense budget, but within a short time make the USA independent of foreign oil (perhaps in as soon as a few years, at maybe US$100 billion a year, so 15% or so of the US defense budget for real energy security). I think we could do better than this proposal linked below much faster, but clearly, compared to the US defense budget of about US$1000 billion a year (depending what you count),
   US$420 billion asked for by this plan for renewable energy subsidies oven forty years to go entirely renewable is not even one year of US defense    "A Solar Grand Plan"
   So clearly *money* is no object to converting to solar in even one year. The problem is purely ideological, specifically, in how we define "security" in terms of "intrinsic security" (solar) versus "extrinsic security" (soldiers).
To me, given facts like the last one, that the cost of converting 100% to solar in the USA is less than half of one year's US defense budget, the interesting debate our global society is *not* having is: what sort of national security policy and related initiatives should we be emphasizing, ones about *intrinsic* security or ones about *extrinsic* security?
   One may ask why we are not having that debate, but here I will assume the reason is just out of ignorance and conservatism and not malice or corruption.
And maybe we need to talk about other dimensions of security too. For example, what about security that relies on secrecy vs. security that relies on openness (considering the presumably open nature of democracy)?
   Or security that depends on networks of peers as communities (David Ronfelt, Christine Peterson) rather than czars?
Or unilateral security vs. mutual security (Morton Deutsch)?
   Or security that is about playing an infinite game (to keep playing) instead of a finite game (to win or lose) as suggested by James P. Carse?
   And maybe more aspects of redefining security could be talked about, including perhaps intrinsic motivation (joy in the work or seeing results) versus extrinsic motivation (rewards and punishments) in those who work in the security field?
When you have *that* debate about security, talking about intrinsic versus extrinsic security, as exemplified by the points made by Amory Lovins and Hunter Lovins in the 1982 book "Brittle Power" about moving to renewables,
   that is IMHO a debate that people often called *liberals* can come out looking like the real champions of "national security". :-)
Traditionally, "liberals" and those under related labels (Greens, etc.) in the USA have advocated for a country secure in its health, secure in its sustainable energy supply, secure in an educated populace (no compulsory schooling please, just send checks or a basic income to parents :-), secure in its uncontaminated food and water supply, secure in having a shared informations commons, secure in its democratic political process, and above all, secure in having friendly neighbors with happy populations who provide mutual security for each other. And some techy liberal people have even advocated for being secure by having an escape plan to space habitats for the entire population of the Earth in the worst case, like some global disaster like an asteroid impact.
So, these are all aspects of intrinsic security that don't directly require tanks and bombs to ensure. And without these intrinsic types of security, as with, say, North Korea facing so many intrinsic problems, one might even ask, what exactly are we defending with extrinsic security like soldiers?
Instead of talking about intrinsic security, the traditional left has let the traditional right frame the national security debate so it is about extrinsic security, or essentially, who has the most guns, bombs, soldiers, and drones. So, we get "missile gaps" that aren't even real.
    Or we get a need to spend as much money blowing up Iraq (US$3 trillion current estimates before it is over) as it would have taken to turn both Iraq *and* the USA into paradises of both universal health care and alternative energy and then done the same for Europe and China. And so on. Ironically, misguided attempts at extrinsic security (like to secure oil profits as was one big reason to invade Iraq) often only increases the need for *more* extrinsic security as the USA's moral prestige erodes. Thus war over extrinsic security is not only a racket, it is also self-perpetuating as arms races and so on, like an infectious disease.
      In that model, one might see the internet and peer activities as essentially like developing an immune system to counter that disease, in part by figuring out how to provide cheaper *intrinsic* national security instead of costly *extrinsic* national security (costly in many ways, money, lives, democracy, hope, and so on).
Personally, I would have no objection to the current US national security budget of a trillion dollars a year *if* the money was spent to provide security through an *intrinsically* secure (healthy and prosperous) country. But, the traditional right has framed the debate in the USA as about *extrinsic* security, which mean more soldiers, more security czars, more planes and bombs, and so on. All without fixing the intrinsic security vulnerabilities. And so, in my opinion, most of that national security money is wasted and the USA has become a very insecure place to live for lots of To some degree, I try to transcend left/right distinctions (toward a post-scarcity model), so if I thought hard about the above paragraph I might find a better way to frame it than left vs. right -- maybe as scarcity vs. post-scarcity security. :-)  So, perhaps what we really need is an intrinsic post-scarcity mutual networked peer-emphasizing infinite-game security model? :-) As this idea was refined, no doubt many right-leaning politicians, soldiers, and other citizens would see some merit to it.
Anyway, even in case of (almost always avoidable) war, consider that the USA was strong in WWII not because it had much of an army or weapons going into WWII (most of the small Navy was even sunk), but because the USA had a robust physical plant and an educated, healthy, socially-connected, and well-fed population, and the USA posed no overt threat to most neighbors, so it was not enmeshed in other significant wars that sapped its strength. So, logistically, the pre-WWII USA was in good shape to defend itself from all sorts of threats (including the Great Depression). Now the USA has a decrepit physical plant relatively speaking in many ways, a less educated citizenry with lower literacy rates, and there are many sickly and poorly fed citizens, who are often socially disconnected and alienated. By most standards in other countries, the USA overtly threatens most of the world's security in several ways including through a military doctrine of strategic superiority, plus the USA is engaged in at least two wars, plus threatening more. So, in that sense, the USA is less *intrinsically* secure than it easily could be in facing any challenges that come its way (like an oil shortage, a plague, a computer networking threat, an economic transformation or an asteroid strike), and the USA is setting itself up to have more challenges (by its aggressive posture), despite spending more money than most of the rest of the world on *extrinsic* security.
Put this way, the current US national security spending pattern seems, at the very least, suboptimal, relative to intrinsic security needs. :-)
In classical terms, one can talk about civil defense, emergency preparedness, and ensuring the resilience and redundancy of critical infrastructure. But I feel this issue goes deeper than those classical terms. And historically, those issues were often afterthoughts, even though any real military professional will tell you the adage amateurs talk about strategy, but professionals talk about logistics (sometimes attributed to Gen. Omar Bradley) . And ultimately, logistics reaches deep into the fundamental nature of a nation or a world, perhaps into its very soul, in a way, even to the point of ensuring a society is intrinsically secure in terms of its ethics, so that it is worth securing.
So, anyway, I would suggest that reframing any national security debate in terms of intrinsic security versus extrinsic security would be beneficial to creating support for many of the themes discussed on this mailing list.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-22 10:20:08
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
Another pass at this after thinking about it. :-)
Agreed. :-) And a great present. :-)
That's a fair criticism of many of my points, but not all.
I've pointed to a SEC filing about solar being cheap in a year or so from First Solar. I've pointed to houses in Germany (a cold cloudy climate sometimes) that have no furnace.
Industry analysts show: "Solar Energy demand has grown at about 30% per annum over the past 15 years (hydrocarbon energy demand typically grows between 0-2% per annum)."
   That is exponential growth. No matter how small it is now, with growth rates like that, solar will an a couple decades dominate the field. There is no obvious reason solar growth can not continue (people will point to some limited supply of this or that, but ultimately, whatever people point to, there is a lot in the Earth's crust.)
Again from that industry analyst:
"A residential solar energy system typically costs about $8-10 per Watt. Where government incentive programs exist, together with lower prices secured through volume purchases, installed costs as low as $3-4 watt - or some 10-12 cents per kilowatt hour can be achieved. Without incentive programs, solar energy costs (in an average sunny climate) range between 22-40 cents/kWh for very large PV systems."
Now, note that those press releases claim costs at $1 per watt for Nanosolar and First Solar now. With other installation costs, that puts solar at grid parity about now without subsidies. However, production still needs to ramp up. But the USA has 10% unemployment (some say 20% unemployment) and many empty factories, so there is a lot of room here to switch fast.
Well, I would not put it so extreme, but let me agree anyway in the sense that it is trivial relative to our national and global resources. I've cited one study that suggests $420 billion spread over forty years would be needed for the USA to go solar, *but* that is less that half of one years US defense budget. So yes, in that sense, going solar is trivial and is only slowed for ideological reasons, because as Amory and Hunter Lovins pointed out in 1982 in Brittle power, the market even prefers renewables, but government policy has been against them (those subsidies for solar mentioned above are tiny compared to past subsidies for fossil fuels and nuclear).
Yes. Brittle Power points out how in the 1980s we could have gone all renewable and it would have been cheaper.
If the USA had gone renewable, even at a cost of a trillion dollars in the 1980s, would that not have saved a lot of money on health care (asthma from bad air, mercury pollution from coal plants) plus avoided the war in Iraq and other geopolitical problems? So, going solar back then, which was quite possible with thermal solar (power towers, etc.) and passive solar was possible. President Carter set the nation on that course; it took President Reagan to destroy it. It is a tremendous tragedy. I have papers from that time in the renewable energy field, and it was so exciting a time around 1980, till the renewable field was systematically destroyed by Reagan and cohorts implementing tragically bad policy.
No, there are vested interests that have been fighting it for decades, same as vested interests fight peer-to-peer in various ways, like the recent government investigation into whether peer-to-peer was compromising national security via LimeWire when here we are trying to build an intrinsically secure future.
I would love it if you were asking pesky detailed questions. IMHO you are not. :-)
If you were looking at details, you would see more of what I see, IMHO. :-)
"The US National Renewable Energy Laboratory NREL has estimated that by 2020 electricity could be produced from power towers for 5.47 cents per kWh.[6] Google.org hopes to develop cheap, low maintenance, mass producible heliostat components to reduce this cost in the near future."
But here is the thing, even at current prices, if you consider the cost to the USA of being dependent on foreign oil in terms of military presence (a big chunk of a trillion dollars a year), and even ignoring huge health costs, then oil already costs US$200 a barrel for decades. So, yes, this is all a huge tragedy, precisely because people are *not* asking pesky detailed questions about our economy.
Even the conservatives are seeing this:
   "The True Cost of Oil: $65 Trillion a Year?"
   Milton Copulus, the head of the National Defense Council Foundation, has a different view. And as the former principal energy analyst for the Heritage Foundation, a 12-year member of the National Petroleum Council, a Reagan White House alum, and an advisor to half a dozen U.S. Energy Secretaries, various Secretaries of Defense, and two directors of the CIA, he knows his stuff. After taking into account the direct and indirect costs of oil, the economic costs of oil supply disruption, and military expenditures, he estimates the true cost of oil at a stunning $480 a barrel. ... Due to the enormous military cost of protecting Persian Gulf imports, the hidden cost of oil from that region amounts to $7.41 per gallon of gasoline. The cheapest gas out in my part of the Bay Area is $3.11 a gallon for regular. Add them together, and the true cost of my gas is probably around $10.52 a But here is the thing -- none of this is new knowledge. This was known when Reagan took office. In that sense, his presidency is one of the worst in the USA because of this one thing. Who cares about the USSR, which had internal problems and would have transformed anyway? So, both the USSR and the USA lost the Cold War IMHO. It is just it has taken the USA longer to fall.
However, Clinton also demonstrated a failure of leadership on this issue, even with Al Gore as VP.
Now, Obama shows, relative to the problem, a lack of leadership. Why is not Obama telling the people this? Why is in not front page news that oil relaly costs US$480 a barrel and has for a long time?
To a degree, OK. But really, these form a network of culture, and many things are self-limiting if you do assume demand is finite (as I've made that point).
Print solar panels on printing presses. We print the New York Times every day for millions of people. Printing solar panels is not that much different. You are making a mountain out of a molehill in that sense :-)
Have you ever held a newspaper? Well, it could have been a solar panel. How many newspapers or magazines have you held in your life?
There are many types of production and printing on presses is generally the cheapest in quantity (saw an article on this once) -- 3D printing is something different from this. Nanosolar and others are essentially printing solar panels the way others might print newspapers on presses.
      All the studies you site are completely out of touch with these details.
It the USA, the market is a central place much of this is decided. From the 1980s on, we would have shifted to renewables by now if people had had to pay the true cost of fossil fuels and nuclear.
   "Brittle Power: Energy Strategy for National Security is a 1982 book by Amory B. Lovins and L. Hunter Lovins, prepared originally as a Pentagon study, and re-released in 2001 following the September 11 attacks. The book argues that domestic energy infrastructure is very vulnerable to disruption, by accident or malice, often even more so than imported oil. According to the authors, a resilient energy system is feasible, costs less, works better, is favoured in the market, but is rejected by U.S. policy. In the preface to the 2001 edition, Lovins explains that these themes are still very current."
As above, we'll see who is not paying attention to details. :-)
Sure, the world will be amazing technically in thirty years.
   "The future is already here - it is just unevenly distributed. "
So, I can point to cell phones, netbooks, solar panels, 3D printers, reverse-osmosis water filters and UV water sterilizers, robots, organic gardens fertilized with ground up rock dust -- what will the world be like when everyone on the planet has these things?
That does not assume anything new.
 > 3) therefore, there are no real problems in the world that could not
There is not real problems in this world (in terms of energy, food, water, shelter, increased leisure, etc.) that could not be solved now by the application of existing technologies such as in the above list. Seriously. Not one.
Socially, yes, we have problems. The P2P movement is part of helping solve those social problems.
Solar panels work now.
Organic gardening with rock dust works now.
Water filtration works now.
3D printers work now.
Netbooks and cell phones work now.
Robots work now -- they milk cow, prune grape vines, etc.
How can I get you to consider this? :-)
Maybe many transhumanist assumptions are perhaps, agreed. :-)
But I'm pointing to all sorts of people saying off-the-shelf technology can handle all current global problems related to the basics.
As in the adaptation of using existing off-the-shelf technologies to solve global problems? Sure, but that is not what you mean. :-)
Will it take time to ramp up solar panel production? Sure. But lots of products, including cell phones and netbooks have gone from nothing to market saturation in a few years. The speed that is happening is increasing.
Yes, there is a lot of truth to that. That is a central point.
And many people are upset about that situation:
   " The People Are Not Bamboozled ... Based on these findings, it seems likely that everyday people don't opt for social change in good part because they don't see any plausible way to accomplish their goals, and haven't heard any plans from anyone else that make sense to them."
But here I am outlining all sorts of ways to solve global problems technically, and you throw up massive resistance and say these solutions do not exist, even when I point to products for sale, like Nanosolar's panels.
Interpreted broadly (pleasures from sensuality, from helping others, from a sense of flow, from humor, from novelty, from preserving patterns important to us, etc.) and watching out for "the Pleasure Trap":
 > and there's a Reality Principle, and between it, the
Except that some people are now printing solar panels essentially the way other people are printing newspapers.
   "Solar Panel Printing Press"
      "Awesome Video of Solar Printing Press in Action "
   Those references are two years old.
And we could have had this technology decades ago if our society has invested in developing it instead of fighting over oil -- but no, we let Chronar go bankrupt instead of pouring a billion dollars into it instead of building a couple of bombers.
There is not that much to it in many ways -- lots of details, but we could have had it a long time ago. And even without it, solar thermal and passive solar were around in the 1970s. They are easier now with new materials, but they were possible then.
Why is it you are happy to project forward doomster trends (in forty years total economic collapse from lack of oil) but you seem completely reluctant to project forward abundance trends (in forty years a completely solar economy from exponential growth of solar)?
And note -- for the sake of this discussion, I'm not even asking you to accept you might print your own solar panels at home in your own 3D printer in twenty years or so. If 3D printers can also print 3D printers, using common raw materials like water and organic plant materials and dirt, within a few years we might see a complete exponential transition to global abundance for energy and material goods. But, again, I'm not asking you to believe that. I'm saying, look at what we have right now. :-)
What resources (besides helium) are limited? Name one and what you want to use it for, and I will give you three alternatives to meet that need. :-)
What do you mean by cost-recovery? Energy recovery? Solar panels do that now in a year or so and last thirty years or so.
That just came out of left field. :-)
Why do you say this?
Not really. Any biological system can self-replicate to fill an available niche for it, given the right conditions and time. So, there is a nature aspect to exponential growth and effectively infinite growth by today's standards (if you accept we could  build space habitats to support quadrillions of people in the solar system if we wanted to with 1970s  > nevertheless, there is the objective
Yes, market forces have been thwarted by defective policy captured by special interests according to Amory and Hunter Lovins. :-)
But with that said, there are things about the market (negative externalities, centralization of wealth) that are problems and help explain why we do not have renewables.
Well, I'll agree up to a point. But, as above, solar production is increasing 30% a year. Are you saying this will not continue? I'm saying it will accelerate, just by existing trends.
Agreed; abundance is here already, but most people can't see that. :-)
And unfortunately, it is a bit of a self-fullfilling prophecy. Because people in the 1980s, US leadership could not see abundance, they built a stealth bomber instead of invested in Chronar. Today, rather than build solar panels faster, the government leadership bailed out banks and auto companies and invaded Iraq all to a cost of many trillions, or many times more that what it would cost to go entirely solar.
Or, to look at this ironically, with better technology, basically, every single *day* the New York Times probably does enough physical printing of sheets of material to solve the entire energy crisis they go on and on about, if they were printing post-scarcity solar panels instead of scarcity propaganda. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-22 13:16:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
There is a lot of truth to what you wrote.
Still, here is what I wrote to the OM list in response to Herbert Snorranson making a similar point back in February, about what has changed:
   "Getting to 100 social-technical points (was Re: a Change)"
One can think of it this simplified way. Imagine abundance for all takes a
society earning 100 "social-technical" points. :-) These points come from
the multiplication of the "social" points times the "technical" points.
So, 50 * 2 = 100.
Or, 2 * 50 = 100.
or, 10 * 10 = 100.
Social points might be things like learning to share better, or learning to
get along with each other better in resolving conflicts with less damage, or
in general, even eventually a global mindshift:
    "Global Mindshift: The Wombat"
    Technical points are like the ones we are usually talking about here, how to make things efficiently and effectively. Let us consider three scenarios for these points, with the numbers as above. ...
A different way forward is to get 10 social points and 10 technical points.
And I feel we are almost there on both fronts. Conflict resolution ideas and
other social ideas maybe have us to a 5 social points in some places on
that. And technically, we are at a 5 also, as above. Still, multiplied as
5*5, that only gives us 25 points in the more socially progressive
communities like the Netherlands (the US is otherwise overall still 2*5=10).
Now, we can raise both social and technical levels to 10 points globally,
and then 10 * 10 = 100, or we can perhaps raise our understanding of
technology from 5 to 20, and then get 5 social points times 20 technical
points, to get to one hundred. Either way will work to provide global
abundance, even though they imply different types of societies at first.
So, a big aspect of P2P is getting some more of the social points. A big aspect of Open Manufacturing is getting some more of the technical points. But the key idea is that the points are multiplicative.
So, that's what is changing, to make all global abundance easier, despite food dragging and sabotage by vested interests, using the technologies of abundance to create artificial scarcities.
Anyway, even if we were socially stuck at "2" points (debateable with all the "blessed unrest" going on that Paul Hawken documents), it's only a matter of time before technology reaches "50" points and the irony of current social policy (paying US$500 a barrel for oil in external costs or whatever when people can print their own solar panels) will become overwhelming.
Part of getting points also means throwing off some memetic parasites, of course, so it is not all just growth perhaps. For example, in the USA, it is claimed that insurers take about one third of every health care dollar:
but they provide no service that could not be done with much less cost. So, shaking them off, or at least transforming them into supplying some real healthcare value, is part of social growth. Now, it is true, this may never happen in the USA. In which case, the USA will die as the parasite grows larger, but hopefully, it will not take the rest of the world with it (though the US has a lot of nukes, so we can't be sure).
Something despairing, to agree with you: :-)
   "Mad"
   You didn't get mad when the Supreme Court stopped a legal recount
and appointed a President.
You didn't get mad when Cheney allowed Energy company officials to
dictate energy policy.
You didn't get mad when a covert CIA operative got outed.
You didn't get mad when the Patriot Act got passed..
You didn't get mad when we illegally invaded a country that posed
no threat to us.
You didn't get mad when we spent over $600 billion (and counting)
on said illegal war.
You didn't get mad when over 10 billion dollars just disappeared in
You didn't get mad when you saw the Abu Grahib photos.
You didn't get mad when you found out we were torturing people.
You didn't get mad when the government was illegally wiretapping
You didn't get mad when we didn't catch Bin Laden.
You didn't get mad when you saw the horrible conditions at Walter
You didn't get mad when we let a major US city, New Orleans, drown.
You didn't get mad when the deficit hit the 57 trillion dollar mark.
You finally got mad when the government decided that people in
America deserved the right to see a doctor if they are sick.
Yes, illegal wars, lies, corruption, torture, stealing your tax
dollars to make the rich richer, are all okay with you, but helping
other Americans... well forget that.
At least we know what kind of American you are.
I'll remind the grandchildren to stay away from you.
And, effectively, I'm trapped here, in this madhouse. :-(
Some practical examples:
   "US Gov?t out of wheat. Completely."
      "U.S. corn supply seen tight; soy stocks shrinking"
   My mother lived through the Hunger Winter in Rotterdam, and saw others starve. It can happen anywhere.
   It's been said any country is only three meals away from revolution. But, what sort of revolution?
   "The Handmaid's Tale is a feminist dystopian novel, a work of science fiction or speculative fiction,[1] written by Canadian author Margaret Atwood[2][3] and first published by McClelland and Stewart in 1985. Set in the near future, in a totalitarian theocracy which has overthrown the United States government, The Handmaid's Tale explores themes of women in subjugation and the various means by which they gain agency."
As things are now, that's possibly the sort of revolution we'll get in the USA, same as in Iran after the fall of the the Shah (who the US installed after deposing a democratically elected head of state).
And sure, if Peak Oilers and other Doomsters become dominant in other ways in the USA, more things could go wrong.
Sure, in theory, I could leave, like both my parents left the Netherlands after WWII to come to the USA. We've passed on a couple chances to move abroad. But life as an expatriate is often unhappy for various reasons (language, finances, culture, no roots, etc.), family ties get severed, and it is not clear US Americans abroad might not be individually targets of rage even in industrialized nations in years to come. Plus, it is expensive to move, endless paperwork to change countries on a permanent basis, and so on. With high global unemployment, no one wants more mouths to feed, especially fat US American mouths. Sure, there a few exceptions for people with high technical skill; I'm speaking generally, and most people are stuck, and that affects the whole dynamics of moving; the USA in the past was truly rare in accepting so many people for all sorts of reasons, so entire extended families would move.
So, effectively, I'm trapped, as is my family, even though physically we could drive over the border to Canada is a few hours and go on from there. Also ethically, would it be right to just walk away from such a mess I've helped make, like by supporting Princeton University in the past with my time and money, or any of numerous other social institutions, including the US government with taxes? And we would leave behind extended family to suffer, and neighbors, friends, and so on. And it is not clear to me that effectively, US ideology is not in many ways everywhere; certainly US media is many places. Many countries have serious social problems, even affluent ones like the Netherlands. They may handle some of them better, but the abundance idea is still limited, even there. So, it is not really clear that moving gets one that much.
And there are many nice things about the USA -- freedom of speech is one that still is mostly there, as well as various types of diversity. While I decry problems in the market, it has been nice to me personally in many ways, and I may yet make use of it. :-) It is much easier to start a business in the USA than many places, even if you risk your life without health insurance.
And the negative US trends still are counterbalanced by some positive ones, so it is not so easy to make the case as in 1930s Germany; and it was very hard even then:
   "Why I Did Not Leave Nazi Germany in Time"
   The USA may still recover; I can hope. It may turn a corner, maybe with a new president in four years, or maybe after that one in twelve. But, I have little hope for any US president making any positive change unless, as here, they are forced to by the grassroots:
   "Now Make Me Do It"
   Maybe I'd be more socially optimistic if I lived in an urban part of the USA, but from the rural part, the day-to-day culture is so out of touch with reality of technical possibility and global issues that it is hard to be optimistic (rural populations in the USA often tend to be either the very young or the very old, or the very escaping). But it is perhaps a responsibility to be optimistic anyway, or pretend to be. :-) There is enormous social energy and potential even in a rural area, US$20K per kid spent on school prisons each year here, huge numbers of educated competent retirees acting like spoiled teenagers, huge amounts of idle land or empty factories, and so on. A vast potential. So, all reason for optimism if you see the possibilities instead of the problems.
On a practical basis, the only reason I can ask the rest of the world to have any practical concern for the USA is how dangerous the wounded beast is, even if its wounds are self-inflicted (including getting rid of its food stores for reasons of private profit).
Naturally, I can *hope* the rest of the world shows the USA more compassion than it has shown recently as a society. I can *hope* that US ideology has not so poisoned the rest of the world that it is dying too of it.
But the question is not "Why 9/11 happened?" or "Why the hate us?", which is a difficult enough question to talk about in the USA, even now. The question is more, "Why is 9/11 not happening every day given US history?"
   And while there are many reasons why 9/11s do not happen every day (ignoring the slaughter on the US highways, the obesity epidemic, teen suicide, and so on, all self-inflicted 9/11s), the reason I am most hopeful about is the compassion and tolerance of the world, even for dumb dangerous self-wounded beasts. :-)
      But, those are all social issues. Technically, the USA has huge agricultural fields and can convert to solar energy IMHO in a few years. And so on. So, while the USA may disintegrate, like the USSR (or worse since it is so more unexpected by the mainstream), especially as some may see profit in troublesome times to satisfy all sorts of psychological dysfunction that thrives in times of disaster, there is no technical reason for failure. The reasons are all social-psychological.
And you are right, they are deep and difficult to deal with. But, let's just be clear that the body is mostly sound, whatever Peak Oilers say; it is the mind that is diseased (and Peak Oil philosophy is part of that disease IMHO, But short of the world blowing itself up, or the USA doing it locally, we have no resource issues, no technical limits, and no technical reason we can't have an "Imagine" society globally.
   Socially, though, you are right; it is another issue.
      A very ironic one, IMO.
But, compared to the scale of the US or global economy, or even just the US defense budget, any technical problems the USA has or other limits are trivial (except maybe helium). And I don't feel we'll get good social solutions, even in the p2p realm, unless the solutions are based on that understanding, which is why I've made such a point of that.
Or, as the natives in my part of the world used to say before they were systematically exterminated out of fear of scarcity and thankless greed:
   The Field of Plenty is always full of abundance.  The gratitude we show as Children of Earth allows the ideas within the Field of Plenty to manifest on the Good Red Road so we may enjoy these fruits in a physical manner. When the cornucopia was brought to the Pilgrims, the Iroquois People sought to assist these Boat People in destroying their fear of scarcity. The Native understanding is that there is always enough for everyone when abundance is shared and when gratitude is given back to the Original Source. The trick was to explain the concept of the Field of Plenty with few mutually understood words or signs. The misunderstanding that sprang from this lack of common language robbed those who came to Turtle Island of a beautiful teaching. Our "land of the free, home of the brave" has fallen into taking much more than is given back in gratitude by its citizens. Turtle Island has provided for the needs of millions who came from lands that were ruled by the greedy. In our present state of abundance, many of our inhabitants have forgotten that Thanksgiving is a daily way of living, not a holiday that comes once a year.
It was true then. It is true now. Those Americans failed because of communications problems. Maybe some will succeed this time, given better global communications in a Peer-to-Peer way. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-22 16:19:08
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [tt]  The rich...no longer getting richer? 
I know. That's one reason why I am not financially obese. :-)
It's hard enough to just scrape by without hurting others.
Consider Jains, who may wear masks to avoid accidentally inhaling even an   "Jainism ... is an ancient dharmic religion from India that prescribes a path of non-violence for all forms of living beings in this world."
How do they survive? Some became bankers, probably indirectly contributing to the suffering of millions and the destruction of entire biospheres.
It's hard to sort these things out.
Especially with a steady drumbeat of "greed is good" and "the unfettered free market solves all problems".
But, even without that, things are hard:
... I agree with the sentiment of the Einstein quote [That we should approach the universe with compassion], but that sentiment itself is only part of a larger difficult-to-easily-resolve situation. It become more the Yin/Yang or Meshwork/Hierarchy situation I see when I look out my home office window into a forest. On the surface it is a lovely scene of trees as part of a forest. Still, I try to see *both* the peaceful majesty of the trees and how these large trees are brutally shading out of existence saplings which are would-be competitors (even shading out their own children). Yet, even as big trees shade out some of their own children, they also put massive resources into creating a next generation, one of which will indeed likely someday replace them when they fall. I try to remember there is both an unseen silent chemical war going on out there where plants produce defense compounds they secrete in the soil to inhibit the growth of other plant species (or insects or fungi) as a vile act of territoriality and often expansionism, and yet also the result is a good spacing of biomass to near optimally convert sunlight to living matter and resist and recover from wind and ice damage. I try to recall that there is the most brutal of competition between species of plants and animals and fungi and so on over water, nutrients (including from eating other creatures), sunlight, and space, while at the same time each bacterial colony or multicellular organism (like a large Pine tree) is a marvel of cooperation towards some implicitly shared purpose. I see the awesome result of both simplicity and complexity in the organizational structure of all these organisms and their DNA, RNA, and so on, adapted so well in most cases to the current state of such a complex web of being. Yet I can only guess the tiniest fraction of what suffering that selective shaping through variation and selection must have entailed for untold numbers of creatures over billions of years. To be truthful, I can actually *really* see none of that right now as it is dark outside this early near Winter Solstice time (and an icy rain is falling) beyond perhaps a silhouette outline, so I must remember and imagine it, perhaps as Einstein suggests as an "optical delusion of [my] consciousness". --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-22 16:38:08
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is there any point to staving off 
The blind arguing with the blind, just assuming apocalypse is likely technically, and wondering if it is good or bad.
The Guardian has an average daily circulation of about 360K copies per day.
   "The Guardian had a certified average daily circulation of 358,844 copies in January 2009 ? a drop of 5.17% on January 2008, as compared to sales of 842,912 for The Daily Telegraph, 617,483 for The Times, and 215,504 for The So, about one million copies every three days. I'm assuming it has about one hundred sides of paper each about a meter square (probably less, but I'm working with round numbers). So, the Guardian prints about one hundred million square meters of content every three days. Or, if this was done using Nanosolar or First Solar at 10% efficiency through their printing technology, the Guardian would be producing about 100 watts per sq meter times 100 million sq meters, 10 gigawatts worth of solar panels every three days. Now, the world uses about sixteen terawatts of power for all purposes. And solar panels only work on average about one sixth capacity due to climate and clouds, so we need about 100 terawatts of panels to produce all power from solar.
  So, in about 30,000 days, or one hundred years, the Guardian by *itself* would have produced enough solar panels to power the entire planet. But instead they choose to print articles about how we are doomed. :-)
And if the Times, the Daily Telegraph, and the Independent were to help out, with about 5X the circulation of the the Guardian, this would be cut down to saving the planet in about fifteen years, just from the presses of four big British newspapers.
Look, I linked to a solar plan that would power the USA from renewables for only US$420 billion in costs spread over forty years assuming current technologies. That is less that half of one years National Security budget in the USA. These problems are all solvable technically and economically.
But how can I solve the ironic problem of a small newspaper that could print enough solar panels instead of paper to power the world in 100 years to see --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-22 17:59:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intrinsic Security vs. Extrinsic Security 
Just a correction: that should read "*some* of the small Navy was even sunk" not "most". The submarines and aircraft carriers were not touched.
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-23 12:18:45
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
You are right that there is a variety of communities around the Peak Oil theme and that is unfair of me to lump them altogether. I am sorry for that. I need a better way to discuss that. From:
   "Results from the Hirsch report determined multiple conclusions as well as three possible scenarios. The report's conclusions stated that world oil peaking is going to happen at some point. As a result, oil peaking will adversely affect global economies, particularly those most dependent on oil. As a transition in energy usage, peak oil will be a unique challenge, in that it "will be abrupt and revolutionary". Mitigation efforts will require substantial time and the problem is liquid fuels (growth in demand mainly from the transportation sector). Twenty years is required to transition without substantial impacts or a ten-year rush transition with moderate impacts is possible with extraordinary efforts from governments, industry, and consumers."
Although even there in the result of that Hirsch report is my argument that technically, transitioning to renewables is, in the grand sweep of human history, a trivial thing of ten years of a hard work globally. :-)
Still, we can argue over what percent of Peak Oilers fall into a more optimistic "take action" camp versus, like William Catton at the end of his video, just wringing our hands and saying we might as well enjoy life as we are doomed as a society and mostly as individuals within a few decades.
And, of those interested in taking collective action instead of mainly hunkering down on a hord, then what kind of action? I'd suggest, most people hunkering under the Peak Oil banner, or likewise followers of Catton's "Overshoot" book, are doomsters. And, in general, I'd suggest the cult around Peak Oil is a very negative one that is at risk of dragging down the whole world.  One comment from here:
   " CONFESSIONS OF AN EX-DOOMER "
"A sign of the fragility of the Cult of Doomerism is the fact that peakoil.com, the Internet's home of Doomers, now routinely sees the shouting down and banning anyone who voices a contrary opinion. The PO.com forum has become a meeting place for the disaffected, the maudlin, the jaundiced of view and the panicky by nature. Avoid at all costs, or lurk for a laugh."
Peak Oil is a fact (it seems, ignoring abiotic possibilities for regenerating oil on Earth). But the meaning of that fact is what is at issue

@_date: 2009-08-23 23:45:48
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peak Population crisis (Kreppa babies in Iceland) 
Just an amusing followup. It looks like the people in Iceland are doing their part to solve the Peak Population crisis: :-)
The patter of tiny feet is apparently growing louder in Iceland ? and it's all down to the banking meltdown. There's been a 3.5% increase in the birth rate there this year, giving the country its highest number of deliveries for at least half a century. "I think many of us have sought solace in love and sex," writes popular blogger Alda Sigmundsd?ttir wistfully.
   But having more babies because economic times are tough sounds counterintuitive ? and certainly there's no historical precedent for it. Throughout the 20th century, birth rates tended to go down, not up, in times of economic hardship. Fertility rates in the US dropped dramatically in the 1930s, when women went from having an average of three children to an average of two ? and subsequent recessions through the rest of the 20th century saw a similar pattern.
   So what's going on in Iceland? Helga Gottfre?sd?ttir, professor of midwifery at the University of Iceland, says the country was already seeing an increase in births in 2008, before the banking crash. The figure was up from 2.09 births per woman to 2.14 (that's compared with 1.95 in Britain, and 2.02 in France). But, given that Iceland is a tiny country that boasts just 320,000 people, the rise only amounted to a hard figure of 275 actual    She's sceptical about whether Iceland will turn out, in the long term, to be bucking the international trend. But she does wonder whether one key to the rise could perhaps be Iceland's generous parental leave. "Here, parents get nine months of leave when they have a baby," she explains. "Three months is for the mother, three months is for the father, and three months can be taken by either the mother or the father." Better yet, if you're an out-of-work Icelander who's just had a baby, the state will pay you a salary for up to six months of childcare. Who says life isn't all down to economics?
So, there is a link between social benefits and more kids. :-)
Also, please note, as I have said before, the current global depression is purely a mental one. There are as many factories as before, as many fishing boats, as many plants producing solar panels. It is not like their has been a physical global war. All the talk of a bad economy relates to pushing bits of paper around, or their digital equivalents:
   "This planet has -- or rather had -- a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper, which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy."
So, ironically, I find myself agreeing with Phil Gramm's comment from July 2008:
"You've heard of mental depression; this is a mental recession," he said, noting that growth has held up at about 1 percent despite all the publicity over losing jobs to India, China, illegal immigration, housing and credit problems and record oil prices. "We may have a recession; we haven't had one      "We have sort of become a nation of whiners," he said. "You just hear this constant whining, complaining about a loss of competitiveness, America in decline" despite a major export boom that is the primary reason that growth continues in the economy, he said.
     Gramm, whose extensive ties to Enron proved problematic during the firm's implosion several years ago, was serving as a lobbyist for the international banking and subprime mortgage giant UBS until April. As Mother Jones documented, Gramm played a key role in the subprime meltdown during his time in the Senate.
The fact is, there is about just as much *physically* and *digitally* to go around as there was last year -- in fact there is more in many ways, with more Wikipedia articles, more inventions, more medical breakthroughs, more capacity to print solar panels, and so on. So, from a physical perspective, Icelandic couples have every reason to have more kids as much as they had two years ago.
Except of course, if they see themselves as suddenly debt slaves in chains suddenly forged from little green pieces of paper. :-( Rather unexpectedly, given they were listening to the kind of people who traveled in circles near Phil Gramm or really any other mainstream US politician, who said everything was fine and dandy, with no need for regulation or oversight of the market.
Such a generous people, Icelanders, both from Sm?ri's example in the Open Manufacturing area and my wife's friendship with an Icelandic grad student who moved his family to the USA (and moved back again because of terrible US schools. :-) Probably that is a stereotype based on a couple of anecdotes, but I'll let it stand for the moment for rhetorical reasons about to be apparent. :-)
This passage from "A People's History of the United States" is about a previous time something like that happened to an island nation of generous people (people who had a true physical peer gift economy centuries ago in the Americas, like Sm?ri works towards bringing back):
   The Indians, Columbus reported, "are so naive and so free with their possessions that no one who has not witnessed them would believe it. When you ask for something they have, they never say no. To the contrary, they offer to share with anyone...." He concluded his report by asking for a little help from their Majesties, and in return he would bring them from his next voyage "as much gold as they need ... and as many slaves as they ask." He was full of religious talk: "Thus the eternal God, our Lord, gives victory to those who follow His way over apparent impossibilities."
        Because of Columbus's exaggerated report and promises, his second expedition was given seventeen ships and more than twelve hundred men. The aim was clear: slaves and gold. They went from island to island in the Caribbean, taking Indians as captives. But as word spread of the Europeans' intent they found more and more empty villages. On Haiti, they found that the sailors left behind at Fort Navidad had been killed in a battle with the Indians, after they had roamed the island in gangs looking for gold, taking women and children as slaves for sex and labor.
       Now, from his base on Haiti, Columbus sent expedition after expedition into the interior. They found no gold fields, but had to fill up the ships returning to Spain with some kind of dividend. In the year 1495, they went on a great slave raid, rounded up fifteen hundred Arawak men, women, and children, put them in pens guarded by Spaniards and dogs, then picked the five hundred best specimens to load onto ships. Of those five hundred, two hundred died en route. The rest arrived alive in Spain and were put up for sale by the archdeacon of the town, who reported that, although the slaves were "naked as the day they were born," they showed "no more  "Let us in the name of the Holy Trinity go on sending all the slaves that can be sold."
        But too many of the slaves died in captivity. And so Columbus, desperate to pay back dividends to those who had invested, had to make good his promise to fill the ships with gold. In the province of Cicao on Haiti, where he and his men imagined huge gold fields to exist, they ordered all persons fourteen years or older to collect a certain quantity of gold every three months. When they brought it, they were given copper tokens to hang around their necks. Indians found without a copper token had their hands cut off and bled to death.
        The Indians had been given an impossible task. The only gold around was bits of dust garnered from the streams. So they fled, were hunted down with dogs, and were killed.
        Trying to put together an army of resistance, the Arawaks faced Spaniards who had armor, muskets, swords, horses. When the Spaniards took prisoners they hanged them or burned them to death. Among the Arawaks, mass suicides began, with cassava poison. Infants were killed to save them from the Spaniards. In two years, through murder, mutilation, or suicide, half of the 250,000 Indians on Haiti were dead.
        When it became clear that there was no gold left, the Indians were taken as slave labor on huge estates, known later as encomiendas. They were worked at a ferocious pace, and died by the thousands. By the year 1515, there were perhaps fifty thousand Indians left. By 1550, there were five hundred. A report of the year 1650 shows none of the original Arawaks or their descendants left on the island.
I'm not sure who is playing the role of Columbus in this Icelandic "kreppa", if anyone is? Let's hope those Icelandic kreppa babies have a better future than the Arawak ones.
I hope I'm not giving people in the Netherlands or the UK who claim the Icelandic people owe them lots of gold-equivalent any ideas here about exchanging copper tokens for fish collecting or something else. :-(
Anyway, more on Iceland:
   "Iceland?s economy is forecast to shrink by more than 10 per cent this year after the collapse last October of its three main commercial banks. The baby boom has been hailed as a sign of optimism for the future even as economists warn that the country could face a wave of emigration as debts mount. Iceland has one of the highest birth rates in the developed world at 14.3 births per 1,000 people, compared with a European Union average of 9.9."
By comparison with recent fertility trends in the US and other industrialized nations:
The average American woman has 2.1 children in her lifetime, the most since the early 1970s, with women of Hispanic origin having the highest rate - almost three children per woman. America's birthrate has left behind those of its rich peers, staying above two children per woman since the late 1980s. Rates in Italy, Germany and Japan have hovered around 1.3 over a decade, while the UK rate has revived somewhat after falling below 1.7 around the turn of the millennium. "If it is a boom, it's a very tiny little boom," said Brady Hamilton, the report's lead author. "Most noteworthy is the total fertility rate per 1,000 women. In 2006 it was above replacement, for 2007 it's even higher."
Without deaths, 2.0 births per couple would be replacement, but with deaths, it is more 2.1 births or so. Clearly, industrialization as it has been done to date seems to be a death sentence for a society if such trends were to More on this theme related to Iceland bucking the trend:
   Unfortunately for Iceland, they are also facing an emigration crisis of people moving other places for economic reasons. And there are other issues too:
   "While Iceland?s birth rate has held up so far, other elements of family life are proving less resilient. Marriages are sharply down as people skip the expense of tying the knot, with some churches reporting declines of up to 50 per cent."
So, clearly, the economic crisis is harder on young people getting started than established couples.
More on economic themes which indirectly led me to learning of this:
   "The Specter of Debt Revolt Is Haunting Europe: Why Iceland and Latvia Won't (and Can't) Pay for the Kleptocrats' Ripoffs"
   "Iceland promises to be merely the first sovereign nation to lead the pendulum swing away from an ostensibly ?real economy? ideology of free markets to an awareness that in practice, this rhetoric turns out to be a junk economics favorable to banks and global creditors. As far as I am aware, this agreement is the first since the Young Plan for Germany?s reparations debt to subordinate international debt obligations to the capacity-to-pay principle. No doubt the post-Soviet countries are watching, along with Latin American, African and other sovereign debtors whose growth has been stunted by the predatory austerity programs that IMF, World Bank and EU neoliberals imposed in recent decades. The post-Bretton Woods era is over. We should all celebrate."
So, Iceland may yet save the rest of the world by being a shining example, in multiple ways: how to produce post-scarcity peers, how to produce a post-scarcity  commons, how to grind up basalt using geothermal power to make organic fertilizer, and how to produce post-scarcity legal agreements about private debts being socialized under threat (including accusations of terrorism) by other countries.
For reference on that last item:
   "Thousands of Icelanders are sending a message to Gordon Brown that they are not terrorists after the UK used terror laws to freeze their assets."
No doubt Sm?ri might have something to say on this. Or maybe he might even have something to say about the gift of the pitter-patter of little peer feet, someday, if he wants. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-24 02:36:31
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
Lots of possibilities. But, as you said before, let's look at the details.
To be clear, when I talk about companies printing solar panels, I am talking
about real companies using real printing presses right now.
   "Nanosolar 1GW Solar Power Film Coater"
   And you can install them quickly in some situations like flat roofs:
   "Thin Film Solar Flat Roof: 5 kW in 2.5 hours."
   I think it is unfair to characterize that as "waiting for miraculous
And passive solar houses have been around for decades. I live in one that is
  a passive solar retrofit, thought not a very good one in some ways. :-)
Solar-thermal has been around for decades. These are miraculous technologies
I guess, but only in the sense of being amazing, not in the sense of
requiring a miracle to suddenly appear.
According to this industry source:
  "Solar Electric Energy demand has grown consistently by 20-25% per annum
over the past 20 years. This has been against a backdrop of rapidly
declining costs and prices."
That has been despite expensive costs relative to coal, when costs are now
closer to parity, even with all the subsidies fossil fuels have gotten.
Cell phone growth rate at about 25% rate per year has gone from practically
no users to about 2 billion users over the past couple of decades at that
sort of growth rate.
   "Solar electric installations totalled 200MW in 1999, 280MW in 2000 and
340MW by 2001 and 427MW in 2002.  While growing at a rapid pace, solar
electric energy globally still only accounts for around 0.1% of primary
energy demand. However, this means that relatively small increases in market
penetration by solar energy as costs decline, lead to very rapid growth
rates in this industry."
So, I'd suggest it is not unreasonable to suggest that given the nature of
the current energy situation with high and uncertain oil prices, and with
recent price breakthroughs with solar essentially as cheap as coal now or
soon, we might soon see a rapid solar growth rates at 100% per year.
If so, this is what we might see, with compounded growth over the next ten
years from the current rate of solar-electric capacity:
2010   0.1%
2011   0.2%
2012   0.4%
2013   0.8%
2014   1.6%
2015   3.2%
2016   6.4%
2017  12.8%
2018  25.6%
2019  51.2%
2020 100.0%
Now, that is admittedly speculative, even if I feel it likely, and if that
held, we will be 100% solar within the time frame of your first meltdown
wave. And that was my prediction from ten years ago, that in about twenty
years from then, or ten years from now, we would see widespread renewable use:
"[unrev-II] Singularity in twenty to forty years?"
"You may argue the dates -- ten years for some, forty for others. You may
point out Y2K didn't melt things down, that AI researchers predicted AIs
by now, that fusion power was supposed to be here by now, etc. And you
would be right to be skeptical. My point is that these are trends in
many different areas -- any one of which would make this world radically
different. Together, they spell awesome change -- in economics,
politics, lifestyle, relationships, and values. "
Ray Kurzweil making a similar point, though I don't take things are far as
him, since I see a law of diminishing returns for more "intelligence" as
well as intrinsic security issues in many things he proposes:
   "The Law of Accelerating Returns"
   When people think of a future period, they intuitively assume that the
current rate of progress will continue for future periods. However, careful
consideration of the pace of technology shows that the rate of progress is
not constant, but it is human nature to adapt to the changing pace, so the
intuitive view is that the pace will continue at the current rate. Even for
those of us who have been around long enough to experience how the pace
increases over time, our unexamined intuition nonetheless provides the
impression that progress changes at the rate that we have experienced
recently. From the mathematician's perspective, a primary reason for this is
that an exponential curve approximates a straight line when viewed for a
brief duration. So even though the rate of progress in the very recent past
(e.g., this past year) is far greater than it was ten years ago (let alone a
hundred or a thousand years ago), our memories are nonetheless dominated by
our very recent experience. It is typical, therefore, that even
sophisticated commentators, when considering the future, extrapolate the
current pace of change over the next 10 years or 100 years to determine
their expectations. This is why I call this way of looking at the future the
"intuitive linear" view. ... But a serious assessment of the history of
technology shows that technological change is exponential. In exponential
growth, we find that a key measurement such as computational power is
multiplied by a constant factor for each unit of time (e.g., doubling every
year) rather than just being added to incrementally. Exponential growth is a
feature of any evolutionary process, of which technology is a primary
example. I emphasize this point because it is the most important failure
that would-be prognosticators make in considering future trends. Most
technology forecasts ignore altogether this "historical exponential view" of
technological progress. That is why people tend to overestimate what can be
achieved in the short term (because we tend to leave out necessary details),
but underestimate what can be achieved in the long term (because the
exponential growth is ignored).
If I stick with the historical rate of 20%, which has been maintained
despite being expensive relative to coal in most places, and despite
resistance and an uneven playing field caused by the fossil fuel's and
nuclear industry's influences on government, then conversion to 100% solar
will take about three times longer (25% compounded three years is about
100%), so, by about 2040. Note of course, we would never go all
solar-electric. Passive solar houses, solar thermal, geothermal, wind power,
tidal power, and so on will also play a role. Because each of these is also
growing in a compounding way, we will likely see some mix of solutions
within twenty years, even at 25% growth rates, and even with out people
doing much anything different than now, and with no "downshifting".
(Although people might downshift anyway for various personal reasons related
to voluntary simplicity.)
Here is what 25% growth rates look like for thirty years, starting at the
current amount of solar-electric capacity:
2010 0.100%
2011 0.125%
2012 0.156%
2013 0.195%
2014 0.244%
2015 0.305%
2016 0.381%
2017 0.477%
2018 0.596%
2019 0.745%
2020 0.931%
2021 1.164%
2022 1.455%
2023 1.819%
2024 2.274%
2025 2.842%
2026 3.553%
2027 4.441%
2028 5.551%
2029 6.939%
2030 8.674%
2031 10.84%
2032 13.55%
2033 16.94%
2034 21.18%
2035 26.47%
2036 33.09%
2037 41.36%
2038 51.70%
2039 64.62%
2040 80.78%
Python code:
...   print 2010 + y, x
...   x *= 1.25
So, solar panels are again supplying all our power by then, even just at
today's growth rate.
What is happening is that the *idea* of using solar panels is like a
biological organism growing into a new niche. The growth rate depends on how
many there are, as everyone sees they really work from friends, neighbors,
and colleagues and then wants them, and also on how the infrastructure ramps
up as investors see this and production costs drop (assuming a market-based
solution). There is this slow cultural learning process interwoven with
economic aspects (including more research for better systems). But it is
happening. At first, solar cells were too expensive for anything but
satellites; then they were too expensive for anything but calculators and
satellites; then they were too expensive for anything but remote homes and
the rest; then they were too expensive for anything but highway signals and
the rest; and so on -- decorative walk lights, solar rechargeable
flashlights, charging batteries while camping or cycling, and so on. Each
part of the niche that was grown into made more growth possible. So, solar
is growing at by one estimate (solarbuzz) 30% per year now, which continues
to increase as a growth rate and may become an even higher growth rate.
All this might even have happened without any "Peak Oil" scare tactics; we
may never know -- but the facts are that fossil fuels are dirty and
polluting, they are inherently insecure (you need to get them somewhere
continuously), and they have damaged the USA's democracy and democracies
around the globe (like in Iraq in the 1950s). So, there is plenty of reason
to want to transition away from them, even if there was an infinite supply.
The stone age did not end because we ran out of stones. The oil age will not
end because we run out of oil. (I forget who said that first.)
Like cell phones, there will be solar panels everywhere in thirty years and
we will just take them for granted. Did anyone notice the "Peak Landline"
crisis? No. :-) Many people just decided it was not worth it to have
landline anymore when they could have cell phones, and rural areas just
jumped straight to cell phone technology instead of string copper cables.
The same thing will happen with solar, and in fact, is happening with solar,
with higher adoption in some growing rural areas.
But I expect this will happen a lot faster than 30%. There may be additional
breakthroughs to make things much cheaper. And the market really has not
caught on to this in a deep way. And as you said, the price of oil going up
and down complicates matters. As I've suggested, this process could be sped
up by a US$200 or more tax per barrel equivalent of fossil fuels, with the
money redistributed as a basic income to everyone, to make up for fossil
fuel pollution and defense related costs.
Now, in case you think those fanciful figures, think about how big the
printing industry around the globe is already. The world is full of people
who know how to run high-speed printing presses, feeding in ink and a
substrate. Printing solar panels is not *that* much harder than printing
newspapers anymore, thanks to Nanosolar and First Solar and others (even
Chronar, a bankrupt pioneer that started around Princeton, NJ from the 1980s
that was one of the first commercializers of continuous roll printing of
solar panels even back then.)
Globally, about 450 million copies of newspapers are sold every day; reference:
   Let's assume very conservatively that each entire newspaper on average
involves about the same amount of printing as just one square meter of
printed surface, or about a 100 watt solar panel at 10% efficiency. Clearly
this is conservative, as many papers like the NYTimes are much bigger if you
laid them out sheet by sheet on the floor.
That means the world currently has a printing capacity that, if converted to
printing solar panels instead, would produce about 45 Gigawatts of new solar
panels each day (450 million copies * 100 watts each).
Rounding, we'd need about 100,000 Gigawatts of capacity to supply 100% of
our energy needs globally by solar power. That is six times 15,000 gigawatts
rounded, six times accounts for clouds and nighttime.
   So, roughly, the world prints as much newspaper material in about 2,000 days
(about five years) as it would take to go all solar, by that conservative
estimate. I'd suspect most newspapers have more pages, so, it is quite
likely it is just a matter of months worth of production. So, a few months
worth of printing solar panels instead of printing articles about a global
economic crisis should just about save the world and bring us global
abundance. :-) We are probably that close to it.
The main point here is not the exactness of the figures but to show you how
the world already has a similar scale effort within an order of magnitude or
so, involving the same skills people already have, using printing presses,
ink, substrate (paper), and distribution, as it would take for the planet to
go all solar in a few years (or maybe a few months). Right now. Not in some
transhumanist post-singularity future. I'm talking, strictly hypothetically,
even by the end of this year we could be all solar, if we had enough
supplies of the raw material on hand (which we probably don't, but we could
have them soon if we tried).
This is happening not maybe someday; this is happening right now. All those
businesses globally are busy printing stuff (newspapers) and handing it out
to people every day. And with more news going digital, soon all those human
printers might be looking for something else to print. :-) So, let them
print solar panels. Maybe they can even adapt their existing presses, but if
not, there are plenty of idle factories in the USA (Detroit) to make more
Granted, practically, with training and gathering materials and such, it
would take longer than a few months to print enough solar panels instead of
newspapers, but not *that* much longer, given people could learn how to do
it through the internet.
As far as materials, we'd need to print about a trillion square meters of
solar panels, which would require aluminum foil for the backing. Note that
the the US and Europe currently use about 1.3 billion pounds of aluminum
foil each year
  and I'm guessing that a pound of aluminum would produce about 100 square
meters of substrate, so we are talking ten years worth of aluminum foil
production more or less. So again, quite doable, as aluminum production is,
according to this article, 31.9 million tons (about 60 billion pounds, so
way more that we need in a year).
   Even if I am off by two orders of magnitude on how much aluminum goes into a
solar panel (I might be), clearly we have plenty of aluminum.
There are other materials that go into the inks, but they are is huge supply
in the Earth's crust.
         They still have to be mined though. But, all those people who used to work
in the oil and coal mining industry can switch to processing these four
materials for the ink. And the end result will be less pollution than mining
coal. How long can it really take to switch where they mine? Years? Maybe.
But not decades.
So, that is why I am more optimistic, technically.
Sure, better batteries or a smarter grid would help. But we have energy
storage systems now (lead-acid batteries and compressed air and reverse
hydroelectric). I've even been wondering if we could just store compressed
air underwater in bubbles? And we have a grid which we could probably add
10% solar to as-is, and at that point, the psychological change would be
complete, and political change (including more R&D for batteries and grids)
would follow.
Again, we would never go 100% solar -- it would be a mix. But by the time we
were, say, generating 10% of society's power with solar PV, so within twenty
years of even just the current growth rate of 25% or so, much of the gloom
generated by smoggy Peak Oil theorists will have evaporated in the sun,
since this will become obvious to almost everybody by then. :)
But why wait that long? Why not get everyone to see that trend now, and
shake off the gloom, and be optimistic about our future right now? Then the
economy might start to perk up, people might make investments, people might
talk happier to their kids, and so on. Humanity would have more *hope*.
   And it is physical hope you can see in every solar panel on every roof or
pole. Even right now.
But the way most gloomsters talk, even the scenario you outline, it seems
like everyone should be stockpiling oil, building bomb shelters, and so on
for the next couple of decades. :-( And given the USA's propensity for
launching wars over oil profits, that might be a very dangerous global
mindset. Which might then become a self-fulfilling prophecy, with a global
wars over oil and related issues that leaves the printing presses rusting
away, the human newspaper printers in hiding or dead, our mining machines
blown up, and so on, and no solar panels for anybody. And with the secret
recipes for the Nanosolar inky solar panel soup lost forever or in
unfriendly hands: :-)
   "Seinfeld: Soup Nazi (Greatest Parts)"
   (Granted, that episode also has a lot to say about economic power and
proprietary information, too. :-)
Some of it depends on the risks of positive versus negative emotions:
"The article goes on to present Valiant's beliefs that positive emotions ?
awe, love, compassion, gratitude, forgiveness, joy, hope, and trust (or
faith) ? are more powerful than negative emotions. Positive emotions make us
healthier. However, they are more future-oriented and make us more
vulnerable and open to risk of heartbreak and rejection. Negative emotions
like fear and sadness, serve as psychological protections that insulate us
from risk."
And some depends on our sense of time:
"The Time Paradox opened my eyes to the different ways that we perceive time
both culturally and personally. The book takes you through history and how
humans' perception have time has changed throughout the ages. The book then
goes into the different orientations we often have with respect to time,
from the past to the present and the future. Through in depth studies with
many subjects, these time orientations have been found to have profound
effects on our lives and how we deal with life. The authors then present a
way to evaluate our own time perceptions and teach us how we can potentially
change it. We can thus use our time perception to our advantage and create
better lives for ourselves and the people around us. "
Anyway, I can see I won't persuade you anytime soon. Thanks for letting me
try though. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-24 15:33:38
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Do watch the robotic video if you can... 
That robot hand is now doing some stuff that a human hand can not do (it is faster and more precise on some tasks.)
Say goodbye to a lot more jobs.
The question is, who gets the benefits of all this consolidated innovation? A few at the top of a social pyramid, or every human (who all have some claim on the commons)?
Anyway, that is why I think it is silly in some ways to think indigenous craft businesses can competed. These hands could make endless fake crafts. They might soon produce blankets or dream catchers at much lower cost than people. Sure, peers might eek out a subsistence income at the edges of a global economy, but how will they pay the taxes on their land? Essentially, this hand shows that many people will soon be homeless unless we change social policy to reflect changing technology.
Solar panels, robot hands, Asimo, 3d printing, genetic engineering -- our social policies designed around scarcity and an income-through-jobs link to motivate production are getting more out of date every day as we move towards a potentially post-scarcity world.
This is happening even *faster* than Marshall Brain predicted:
   Anyway, here are robot chefs with simple grippers. Put these hand on those, and add a sense of smell and better vision, and much of the food industry will not require humans:
   "Robot Ramen Chef"
   "Robot nose given keen smell sense "
As artificial noses have fewer sensors and, until now, no mucus to sieve the arriving molecules they were able to discern far fewer smells.
But the new work at the University of Warwick and Leicester University has found that applying a 10 micron (one thousandth of a centimetre) layer of a polymer inside the sensor significantly improves the performance of the nose.
"We can separate milk from cream, for example," said Dr Covington.
The team believe the enhanced electronic nose could be on sale in two years.
"We're thinking about healthcare applications to diagnose eye infections, skin diseases and urinary infections," he said.
Our scarcity-based social policies and mainstream economic planning (like estimates about social security and healthcare costs, as well as who will have jobs to pay for that) are totally out of touch with such emerging --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-25 08:54:50
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Picture of Solar Area to power the world 
Eric Hunting wrote to the Open Manufacturing list:
 From there:
"Surface area required to power the world with zero carbon emissons and with solar panels alone. ... The large square is the Saharan Desert (1/4 of the overall 2030 required area) would power all of Europe and North Africa. Though very large, it is still 18 times less than the total area of that It looks about right to me. :-) And that's probably with solar panels of 10% efficiency (the kind in production). With 40% efficient solar panels, the land use would shrink by a factor of four (or two times in each direction).
I'd be curious to see such a map of land currently devoted to fossil fuel extraction and consumption in power plants. I'd expect it would be roughly the same in overall area, maybe larger. The same for land use devoted to road use. Or land use devoted to cities.
Note that as they say on that picture; "The 19 contiguous areas show what would be a reasonable responsibility for various parts of the world. They would be further divide many times..."
So, that picture is to give you a sense of scale, but people might put panels on rooftops or over parking lots in order to have more local energy security or lower energy transmission costs. So, we might never have big sites like those, but if we did, those look like good places to put them.
I found interesting the note on the front page of that Land Art Generator site: "Art has the ability to create movements and stimulate creative dialogue. The artist community has long taken a critical approach to the problems of energy use and production, which has helped to open the public eye to the severity of the problems facing us. The time is now for artists to go further and take an  active role in solving the problem through their own work."
So, all part of "Blessed Unrest" that peer production takes part in:
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-25 17:38:38
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Arts writers focused on a post-industrial 
The site makes a good point about stories. I use that concept myself in "Post-Scarcity Princeton" -- we need to change our mythology.
The problem I have with their site is that they seem to already be embedded in a mythology of scarcity. :-) They skirt the line is the best I could say.
Those scarcity myths are potentially deadly when you have technologies of abundance like robotics, AI, nanotech, nuclear energy, biotech, global networks, and so on to use in fighting over perceived scarcity. :-(
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-25 18:22:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Spray-on solar cells 
Shhh! If people don't believe in solar panels, this stuff will only scare them! :-)
And just think of the scary potential for the Dark Mountain group you just linked to to use this to power big self-powered luminous graffiti spelling out "Beware Peak Oil" on the sides of buildings. :-)
And once they succeed there, They can use the global computer network to coordinate their team efforts about how our world is dying from lack of community. :-) Then they can get ahold of some Roombas and send them into the streets beeping the message that there is no way the industrial base can meet our needs anymore. :-) Then they can drive their modified Priuses to the next rally on battery power produced from wind farms. :-)
I know, I know, they will say I am in denial:
   Today, humanity is up to its neck in denial about what it has built, what it has become ? and what it is in for. Ecological and economic collapse unfold before us and, if we acknowledge them at all, we act as if this were a temporary problem, a technical glitch. Centuries of hubris block our ears like wax plugs; we cannot hear the message which reality is screaming at us. For all our doubts and discontents, we are still wired to an idea of history in which the future will be an upgraded version of the present. The assumption remains that things must continue in their current direction: the sense of crisis only smudges the meaning of that ?must?. No longer a natural inevitability, it becomes an urgent necessity: we must find a way to go on having supermarkets and superhighways. We cannot contemplate the alternative.
Anyway, this is not to say they don't make some good points. We are in for change, and their are a lot of things about our current system that are awful: compulsory schooling and other factory farms; oil is polluting and corrupting; the mainstream captitalistic myths we live by often do have a toxic element; the free market has externalities, can't plan for systemic crisis, has boom-bust cycles because of debt-based fiat currencies, centralizes wealth to the point of dysfunction; voluntary simplicity often leads to a happier lives and happier families and happier communities (if *voluntary*); and so on.
The biggest issue is will the change be what people usually call "evolutionary" or will it be "revolutionary" (perhaps in the aftermath of a "collapse" or war). I'm hoping for "evolutionary" in that sense, part market-driven (cheaper solar) and part peer driven (a better commons). I feel a lot less people will get hurt with an evolutionary change. And, frankly, revolutionary change by people steeped in scartity-ism but wielding technologies of abundance like spray-on nanotech is not my idea of a good time. :-(
By the way, it's disappointing to me the inventors of that ink in the article try to spread FUD about regular thin-film solar panels, especially since Nanosolar uses something very similar is the ink in its thin-film panels. Sad.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-25 19:07:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Workshop on Media Ecologies: Q&A: Sam Rose 
Just a note for other people -- it is a one day workshop, not a multi-day conference (at least, that is how I see the difference of those terms, number of days, though some might think I was splitting hairs). But a multi-day conference eventually on these themes is probably a good idea.
I'd be curious how many people would be more likely to want to go to a multi-day conference (three or five days) compared to a one-day workshop?
If I traveled somewhere far in general, I'd tend to prefer a multi-day thing myself over a one-day thing.
Just another note for other people -- there are at least two Pauls on this list working on vaguely related issues. I myself recently made the mistake of thinking when Michel was referring to a Paul in relation to this conference, he was referring to me. :-)
A general book on these sorts of problems like naming things and referencing them and dealing with merges and splits: :-)
   "Data and Reality" by William Kent
   "Consider the key topics: existence, identity, attributes, relationships, behavior, and modeling. ... For some time now my work has concerned the representation of information in computers. The work has involved such things as file organizations, indexes, hierarchical structures, network structures, relational models, and so on. After a while it dawned on me that these are all just maps, being poor artificial approximations of some real underlying terrain. ..."
This is the stuff that I (Paul F.) am working on, and the first part relates somewhat to William Kent's work:
   "The Pointrel Social Semantic Desktop is an RDF-like triple store implemented on the Java/JVM platform, as well as related social semantic desktop applications inspired in part by NEPOMUK and Halo Semantic MediaWiki."
The second relates to open manufacturing (originally formulated as a NASA grant proposal from a decade ago, not funded):
   "OSCOMAK supports playful learning communities of individuals and groups
chaordically building free and open source knowledge, tools, and simulations
which lay the groundwork for humanity's sustainable development on Spaceship Earth and eventual joyful, compassionate, and diverse expansion into space
(including Mars, the Moon, the Asteroids, or elsewhere in the Universe). "
The first project (the Pointrel System) has code that one might call a shared RDF database (and it has roots that go back almost thirty years, even before WordNet which in an indirect way was a spinoff. :-)
The second project (OSCOMAK) has no significant code.
Neither has much of a community -- although I've kind of adopted the Open Manufacturing community Nathan started as a manufacturing-oriented spin-off of this list as a sort of stand-in for an OSCOMAK community. :-)
My self-defined challenge is really to bridge the two together. Which I might have a hope of doing if I could stop writing emails. :-) It's always "just one more". :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-26 12:09:57
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The criminalization of using the commons 
Interesting story. Often we need anecdotes to work from, to ground our speculations in realities.
It seems to me that another word for "privatization" is essentially There a song I heard once on NPR on "Grandpa" Lewis' show
  that went something like:
Every one's a criminal, unless you got the money, honey.
Every one's a criminal and how.
Someone owns the land, someone owns the oil.
Someone own the air, and someone owns the soil.
Someone owns the food, someone owns the sea,
someone owns my body but they can't own me.
Or something like that. :-)
I feel we are reaching the point, especially with robotics and better design like in Marshall Brain's "Manna", where for *everyone* an essential issue is a human right to access the commons (biological commons, industrial commons, intellectual commons). So, a "basic income" would be part of that, but it might go much farther. But often money-politics policy goes the other way, and has since the first corporations came to the Americas with Christopher Columbus. So we get more privatization and longer copyrights.
The health care debate in the USA is just the tip of the "basic income" iceberg about a right to the fruits of the commons, IMHO.
The alternative to more human rights is this sort of frightening stuff:
   "Is It Now a Crime to Be Poor?" By BARBARA EHRENREICH
Mentioned at:
   It's too bad so many people are falling into poverty at a time when it?s almost illegal to be poor. You won?t be arrested for shopping in a Dollar Store, but if you are truly, deeply, in-the-streets poor, you?re well advised not to engage in any of the biological necessities of life ? like sitting, sleeping, lying down or loitering. City officials boast that there is nothing discriminatory about the ordinances that afflict the destitute, most of which go back to the dawn of gentrification in the ?80s and ?90s. ?If you?re lying on a sidewalk, whether you?re homeless or a millionaire, you?re in violation of the ordinance,? a city attorney in St. Petersburg, Fla., said in June, echoing Anatole France?s immortal observation that ?the law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges.?
   In defiance of all reason and compassion, the criminalization of poverty has actually been intensifying as the recession generates ever more poverty. So concludes a new study from the National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty, which found that the number of ordinances against the publicly poor has been rising since 2006, along with ticketing and arrests for more ?neutral? infractions like jaywalking, littering or carrying an open container of alcohol. ...
   The viciousness of the official animus toward the indigent can be breathtaking. A few years ago, a group called Food Not Bombs started handing out free vegan food to hungry people in public parks around the nation. A number of cities, led by Las Vegas, passed ordinances forbidding the sharing of food with the indigent in public places, and several members of the group were arrested. A federal judge just overturned the anti-sharing law in Orlando, Fla., but the city is appealing. And now Middletown, Conn., is cracking down on food sharing. ...
  Meanwhile, the public housing that remains has become ever more prisonlike, with residents subjected to drug testing and random police sweeps. The safety net, or what?s left of it, has been transformed into a    Some of the community organizers I?ve talked to around the country think they know why ?zero tolerance? policing has ratcheted up since the recession began. Leonardo Vilchis of the Union de Vecinos, a community organization in Los Angeles, suspects that ?poor people have become a source of revenue? for recession-starved cities, and that the police can always find a violation leading to a fine. If so, this is a singularly demented fund-raising strategy. At a Congressional hearing in June, the president of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers testified about the pervasive ?overcriminalization of crimes that are not a risk to public safety,? like sleeping in a cardboard box or jumping turnstiles, which leads to expensively clogged courts and prisons. ...
So, your personal experience is perhaps part of this larger trend. Universities see the poor that their scarcity ideology have helped create, and they are scared of the scarcity they have ironically manufactured using the technologies of abundance, so they are cracking down on everyone. Thus they are only compounding the problem and the irony.
But, frankly, there is a limit to compassion (compassion fatigue); it's understandable. It is also fair to question the interest of middle class people or above (even anyone college educated, but certainly Ivy League) in wanting to help the poor -- what does it mean to have compassion in an abstract way? But what everyone should relate to, even millionaires, is, it could happen to them very quickly in the USA. Look at Madoff's victims. Or the stock market crash. Or medical insurance companies not paying claims for various reasons. Health is wealth more than wealth is wealth. And so on...
     "If you have come to help me you are wasting your time. If you have come because your liberation is bound up with mine, then let us work together."
? Aboriginal Activsts' Group (of which Lila Watson was a member), Queensland, 1970s
Richard Stallman would have had a tougher time now, given he lived in the AI lab for a time:
   "Stallman has devoted the bulk of his life?s energies to political and software activism.[59] Professing to care little for material wealth, he explains that "I've always lived cheaply ? like a student, basically. And I like that, because it means that money is not telling me what to do."
I wish I had learned that lesson even earlier, that frugality gives you options.
I remember that for a couple of days between apartments, when I was around 20 and hanging out at CMU after graduating from Princeton (so, not a student, not a staff, just a visitor for maybe nine months with no formal affiliation, and two professors had given me keys to their labs and various computer accounts), I slept one night underneath a table besides a Perq computer
   in the defunct household robotics lab (the warm air counteracted the air conditioning), and another night in a lounge by the mobile robot lab. :-) I guess I could have asked someone to put me up or stayed in a hotel, but it did not really occur to me. Guess I should be glad I was not hassled like you. But, times have changed.
I guess, to look on the bright side, be glad you were not tazed: :-(
   Graphically brutal video:
   "UCLA Police Taser Student in Powell Library"
   I remember watching a sci-fi movie as a kid (Genesis II) where a major way the evil mutants control a human population of slaves is with "Stims" which can be dialed to dispense on contact different levels of pleasure or pain.
By the way, from:
   "Genesis II"
   "Members of a benevolent group of scientists, known as PAX, excavated the NASA research center and rescued Dylan Hunt, who had only aged one day for every 10 years in suspension. Dylan Hunt was aided in his recovery by a human mutant named Lyra-a. Lyra-a deceived Dylan Hunt over the purpose of PAX, and convinced him to travel with her to her city, Tyrania, in the hope that he could repair their failing nuclear reactor. During his visit to Tyrania, Dylan discovers that he has been deceived by Lyra-a, and that the city condones brutal slavery. Working with a PAX team which had infiltrated the city, Dylan Hunt leads a successful revolt of the slaves. During their escape from the city, Dylan Hunt and the PAX team are captured by Lyra-a and company. Dylan makes a deal with Lyra-a stating that he would repair the nuclear reactor if the PAX team could go free. Dylan Hunt discovers that the Tyranians are planning on using the reactor to power a nuclear missile silo, so that they can destroy PAX. Dylan sabotaged the silo and caused the bomb to detonate, thus eliminating the threat to PAX. At his return, Primus Kimbridge, leader of PAX, confronts Dylan Hunt with PAX's pacifist beliefs and challenges Dylan Hunt to join them."
As a kid, seeing that movie, I thought Primus was a dope and Dylan was right to blow up the reactor, even though he answered an enthusiastic yes to Primus' question of "Did you take lives?" But now I see that deeper irony of a technology of abundance used in an ironic scarcity-promoting way, and Primus' concern that Dylan was just repeating the mistakes of the past.
Anyway, so sci-fi tazers are now are part of criminalizing using the commons.
One essential point of your tale in that it was on a "state" university, which presumably is open to all. A private university might have more grounds for restricting access, even though that might be hogwash because private universities are generally tax-exempt and get lots of charitable donations, and so too are being fed from the public commons.
I saw the closing down of the Princeton University library from the university building a big barrier across the lobby and putting in guards in th 1980s -- prior to that, anyone could walk in an use the main library. One security officer told me a major benefit to him was preventing "vagrants" from sleeping in the library stacks, that was part of the private off-the-record campaign to get students not to object to what was happening before their eyes.
As another related anecdote, I remember when a Princeton administrator was looking for an office for me when I went there to run a robot lab, and he opened one door and found a mattress and a recently ex-student. :-) The administrator looked like he had just found a nest of rats or roaches. :-)
Anyway, it's been said new ideas need cheap rent. :-)
It's generally traumatic to have to deal with security forces of any sort. Here is a related idea:
   "Ego depletion refers to the idea that self-control or willpower is an exhaustible resource that can be used up. When that energy is low (rather than high), mental activity that requires self-control is impaired. In other words, using one's self-control impairs the ability to control one's self later on. In this sense, the idea of (limited) willpower is correct. In an illustrative experiment on ego depletion, participants who controlled themselves by trying not to laugh while watching a comedian did worse on a later task that required self-control compared to participants who did not have to control their laughter while watching the video. Much of the early research on ego depletion was performed by Roy Baumeister, Mark Muraven, and their colleagues. In a recent series of studies, they suggest that a positive mood stimulus could help restore the depleted energy. They report on four studies where the positive mood stimulus was a surprise gift or short clips of stand-up comedy by Robin Williams and Eddie Murphy. They do not claim a general benefit in positive affect, i.e, benefit to people who had not previously engaged in self-regulatory tasks, rather the positive stimulus restores the capacity to self-regulate. The work is experimental and does not consider in depth the mechanisms by which performance is restored, whether it is because of an actual restoration of self-regulatory resources or provides an additional motivation to press on with a depleted self remains an open question"
So, doing something fun might help in getting past that high degree of self-regulation demanded by those interactions with security and avoiding setting off tazer-happy campus police. You can take some pride in how well you handled it to avoid that. It is easy to loose your cool in some situations.
Again in the 1980s, I still remember how traumatized I felt when I was looking at an apartment complex in North Carolina, and, after looking at a couple of apartments, with the permission of the person running the office, I walked around and casually asked a couple people there if they liked it because I was thinking of renting an apartment there. As I was walking back to the office thinking of signing a lease, this (private) security guy drove up (who had not known any context) and said he had got a complaint about me talking to people and it was private property and I could not talk to residents. I went back to the main office and pointed that out to that person who was apologetic and spun it as how it showed how concerned the residents were concerned about the place. I decided not to live there. And I was shaky for some time afterwards.
So, I can imagine your feelings on this must be a lot stronger.
The problem is, once the bureaucratic machinery starts grinding, it can be hard to make it stop -- especially in schools which are essentially prettified prisons. That bureaucracy has now labeled and numbered and categorized you.  As Gatto says:
   "Our problem in understanding forced schooling stems from an inconvenient fact: that the wrong it does from a human perspective is right from a systems perspective. You can see this in the case of six-year-old Bianca, who came to my attention because an assistant principal screamed at her in front of an assembly, "BIANCA, YOU ANIMAL, SHUT UP!" Like the wail of a banshee, this sang the school doom of Bianca. Even though her body continued to shuffle around, the voodoo had poisoned her. ... I picture this animal Bianca grown large and mean, the same Bianca who didn?t go to school for a month after her little friends took to whispering, "Bianca is an animal, Bianca is an animal," while Bianca, only seconds earlier a human being like themselves, sat choking back tears, struggling her way through a reading selection by guessing what the words meant."
So, the university has started using its voodoo against you. :-( That's strong stuff. It is hard to deal with such dangerous magic. What are the arts of this voodoo? How does in work? Are there counter-magics? And so on?
Sometimes, despite my youthful follies, I can wonder if the only reason I graduated Princeton is because a security officer, her first year on the force, essentially ran me over my first summer there when I was on my bicycle and put me in the hospital (twenty one emergency stitches and a broken pinky)? :-) Well, it was an ambiguous situation -- she would have run me over but I slowed and swerved to avoid her and hit the side of the security car. That car was emerging at high speed from behind a gymnasium building near the intersection (so we could not see each other) and then speeding through a pedestrian intersection just yards from where I lived, and I was foolishly racing to avoid a thunderstorm -- a friend had offered me a ride which I had declined. To be fair, I really should have stopped and walked my bicycle through the intersection but I was going fast to avoid the rain -- and that crossing road was rarely travelled by cars at any speed. But in the security department's eyes, hitting the side of their car made it my fault, even if I might have been dead otherwise. I was actually surprised how much damage little old me did to that car with just my body. :-) Fortunately, my backpack absorbed some of the impact. Anyway, was my PU degree really in recognition of not suing (or not even really thinking about suing)? :-) So, there can be weird internal dynamics in various systems. :-) Anyway, that is another case where Aikido training in merging with a power and knowing how to roll may have saved my life. :-)
   So, to elaborate on what those security people did not say, now you do know what "being a student means" as opposed to what "being a citizen on a publicly-supported commons means" or "being a human being" means. :-( Again, John Taylor Gatto on this:
   "Before you can reach a point of effectiveness in defending your own children or your principles against the assault of blind social machinery, you have to stop conspiring against yourself by attempting to negotiate with a set of abstract principles and rules which, by its nature, cannot respond. Under all its disguises, that is what institutional schooling is, an abstraction which has escaped its handlers.  Nobody can reform it. First you have to realize that human values are the stuff of madness to a system; in systems-logic the schools we have are already the schools the system needs; the only way they could be much improved is to have kids eat, sleep, live, and die there."
Well, that may not apply exactly, :-) but it seemed appropriate anyway. :-) But really, is that not the issue? The university wants more money -- it wants to sell you a pass to go there where you pay "tuition"; like a hotel it wants to rent you a room too. The harassment you are experiencing is the flip side of that business model. Also, because the university system has helped create such a crazy country with no help for the poorest and with too much stress for everyone else, and now the bubble economy is bursting, and even more bailouts went to the wealthy on scarcity-economics theoretical grounds, the university is turning defensive as the system it creates collapses around it. And so, you and get caught up in that, as do we all in various ways. If we build a society that does not take better care of its poor and people with various problems, then it will probably spend more on security instead, which is what the deepest irony is. In the same way, the US health insurance industry costs one third of every health insurance dollar to prevent people from getting care when that money would ensure everyone could be cared for. Ironic social idiocy from that perspective.
   "Enclosure or inclosure is the process by which common land is taken into fully private ownership and use. Common land is land which is owned by one person, but over which other people have certain traditional rights, such as arable farming, mowing meadows for hay, or grazing livestock. Under enclosure, such land is fenced (enclosed) and deeded or entitled to one or more private owners, who then enjoy the possession and fruits of the land to the exclusion of all others."
Now, imagine life as a Native American in the USA. Everywhere is the land your ancestors walked for thousands of years. But now, suddenly, you are a criminal if you walk on it, because corporations like the Hudson Bay Corporation privatized it.
   "The Hudson's Bay Company (French: Compagnie de la Baie d'Hudson), abbreviated HBC, is the oldest commercial corporation in North America and is one of the oldest in the world. The company was incorporated by British royal charter in 1670 as The Governor and Company of Adventurers of England trading into Hudson's Bay; it is now domiciled in Canada and has adopted the more common shorter name as its legal moniker.[1] It was once the de facto government in parts of North America before European-based colonies and nation states existed. It was at one time the largest landowner in the world, with Rupert's Land being a large part of North America."
Just to show my hypocrisy, :-) we do have our rural land posted for trespass, mainly because we live next door to a hunting club (they seem to ignore the signs anyway), as well as for crazy liability issues in the USA including by having dogs, as well as for privacy in the face of a community that gets some summer party-goers. But were our community different, I don't think we'd feel the same -- especially if there was a network of public walking trails or something like that, like in England. In that case, I would be getting something of immense value by cooperating, rather than just suffering a penalty by not defecting. As it is, we have informal agreements with neighbors to walk on each others land (so, a peer solution in part). It's hard to live in a culture and not become part of it and its problems in various ways. That sort of decision is ofter repeated with patents and copyrights owned by individuals, for similar reasons -- though there are difference of course in digital resources from physical resources.
Of course, our house and land does not claim to be a public institution. Still, we do benefit from the public internet and lots of public innovations, so even the nature of what is legitimately "private" property changes as we all rely more on various commonses. In general, all these notions of property are socially constructed:
   "The Mythology of Wealth"
   The question ultimately is, what sort of society do we want to construct?
My advice for you? The same I got at PU grad school after going back and having a bad time, and which I did not follow myself. :-) Go to law school. :-) Here is a good one to enroll in:
   "Center for the Study of the Public Domain" at Duke University.
   No doubt with your writing ability and interest in open manufacturing, you might do well there. With a law degree, you would not be quite as vulnerable to the machinery of bureaucracy, especially as part of a larger team.
By the way, just as an aside, if you don't go to law school, it is easier to be a hunter/gatherer in warm equatorial climates, because the need for shelter is mimimal, and the abundance of food per acre is generally higher. That's a reason why you don't see tent cities in the cold US Northeast:
   "Tent cities spring up in LA"
   A warm sunny mild climate like mid-California on the coast (so, good fishing and sea gathering) is ideal perhaps. Although most of that land has long been privatized. Even the "Walking People" book has a story of being kicked out of there thousands of years ago by a tribe who had gotten there first. :-)
It is my conjecture that militaristic bureaucracies arose from human guarding highly productive marine estuaries that otherwise gave an easy life.
   And then, at some point, those pre-scarcity bureaucracies became, in Gatto's words, "an abstraction that escaped its handlers". Well, lawyers in theory are one way to reign in abstractions. :-) Or is that rain in abstractions? Or is that even reign as in rule in abstractions? :-)
As someone recently told me, essentially it is hard to make the big bucks (e.g. 'Neutron Jack" Welch) unless you are indifferent to causing various kinds of suffering. (That is less true sometimes in the tech sector.) And from Chomsky, one can see that is can be very hard to function (or rise) in a system unless you internalize its values.
   You really have to function at a very high level of abstraction to attempt that (working in two paradigms at once -- akin to living in a foreign country and translating everything), and you are at continual risk of quagmire (many foreigners to a land make all sorts of mistakes). But lawyers do that, working in abstractions. But it can be hard to try to live in two worlds at once. Even working at a university poses all sorts of moral problems, given university policies (like you reference), and even more:
   Frankly, for that reason, if my wife was not both so smart and so generous, I'd probably be homeless at this point. :-)  Sure, I had my chances to be financially obese, but I chose to do differently.  Although that's a little maudlin -- if I was not married, with a kid, and a house, and so on, right now I'd probably try to work at "Willow Garage" on FOSS robotics because it is open and would be fun. Or I might do some small local thing like work in a health food store (again :-) or other "honest business" I could find and live in some tiny apartment and spend more time at the library:
   "Honest Business"
Or maybe other non-profit:
   My biggest constraint has been creating the time to develop ideas but still being a responsible parent (in a society that provides little help for parents except you put your kid in day-prison). If I was just focused on survival and a personal happy life, these little niches mentioned above would promise more surety of that, as well as likely either be working directly on FOSS things or having free time to do that.
Again, if I was in my twenties, law school in the area of FOSS licensing would be interesting -- assuming it could be done without taking on too much debt, since when one has a lot of debt, it forecloses options, especially working at non-profit things or living at a subsistence level. And going to law school on FOSS issues is a step towards resisting the criminalization of using the commons. No pressure. :-)
But in general, trying to have one foot in a post-scarcity future (a heavily regulated and highly taxed market, a huge commons, and lots of local subsistence production, minimizing war/schooling/prison) is pretty hard when you also need to keep one foot in the present which has different values (often opposite ones, since it my be privately profitable to enclose public commons). It's not easy. I'm sure most everyone on this list wrestles with these things. Here is a book about that:
  "The Murdering of My Years: Artists and Activists Making Ends Meet "
   "The title of Soft Skull's latest Soft Skill book is taken from Charles Bukowski, who said of wage labor: "I couldn't understand the murdering of my years." A struggling activist/artist, Z. found that he was too short on time and money to write an activist's memoir and how-to. Instead, he e-mailed a questionnaire (printed at the end of the book), asking fellow activists and artists how they managed to be active yet survive economically. Each of the sections of the book is created from the responses to a particular question, but one gets the feeling that many activists and artists are quite private about their survival techniques. A.D. Nauman, for one, provides concrete ideas for writers looking for relatively painless work within the mainstream, and for artists who are also mothers, but the section entitled "The Dark Side: Illegal Jobs" is not nearly as juicy as one might hope. The e-mail format creates a tone that is entertaining, conversational and immediate, but also often prolix. Yet for anyone looking for some human company in the long struggle to make a living outside of the corporate structure, this book provides grassroots moral support."
I have not read that book myself though, but just knowing it exists is comforting. :-) But I have read "Gig" and "Working" which, minus the activism, probably have some similarity.
Hey, it is in Google books as a preview:
   "The murdering of my years: artists & activists making ends meet"
   Of course that book sounds focused on "making a living" in an economic sense. Open Manufacturing and such (which really has roots in various themes) is about making a living in the subsistence local sense including drawing from (and contributing to) a peer commons. And just surviving does little directly about the criminalization of the commons, although having spare time makes such activities possible as an activist.
Anyway, if it is a given the system is making activists for the commons into criminals, than it would help if some of them were lawyers. Mahatma Gandhi was a lawyer; he accomplished a lot. :-)
   All the best.
--Paul Fernhout
P.S. My treadmill has finally been fixed (more or less) and I walked 1.82 miles while writing this. :-)

@_date: 2009-08-26 18:41:19
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Typologies of Intellectual Property 
Richard Stallman would say the term "intellectual property" is propaganda that begs the question about how copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other things should be treated.
   "Did You Say ?Intellectual Property?? It's a Seductive Mirage"
   Besides, if that stuff really is "property", then why not tax it annually? :-)
Other than than, I really like any cool visualization tools. Thanks for posting the link. And that was their title, I know. But terminology can mean a big thing in this culture clash. That's why I like "digital public works" for example. :-)
   See, ask the public about who should own "intellectual property" and the answer is suggestively obvious -- private individuals. Ask the public who should own "digital public works" and the answer is also suggestively obvious -- the public. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-28 13:30:05
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The criminalization of using the commons 
This from yesterday's Slashdot: :-)
"Slashdot | Depression May Provide Cognitive Advantages"
"Paul W. Andrews and J. Anderson Thomson, Jr. argue in Scientific American
that although depression is considered a mental disorder, depression may in
fact be a mental adaptation which provides real benefits. This is not to say
that depression is not a problem. Depressed people often have trouble
performing everyday activities, they can't concentrate on their work, they
tend to socially isolate themselves, they are lethargic, and they often lose
the ability to take pleasure from such activities such as eating and sex. So
what could be so useful about depression? 'Depressed people often think
intensely about their problems,' write the authors. 'These thoughts are
called ruminations; they are persistent and depressed people have difficulty
thinking about anything else. Numerous studies have also shown that this
thinking style is often highly analytical. They dwell on a complex problem,
breaking it down into smaller components, which are considered one at a
time.' Various studies have found that people in depressed mood states are
better at solving social dilemmas and there is evidence that people who get
more depressed while they are working on complex problems in an intelligence
test tend to score higher on the test (PDF). 'When one considers all the
evidence, depression seems less like a disorder where the brain is operating
in a haphazard way, or malfunctioning. Instead, depression seems more like
the vertebrate eye ? an intricate, highly organized piece of machinery that
performs a specific function.'"
So, is the central problem in coming up with new ideas in p2p and open
manufacturing that people are not depressed enough? :-)
Compulsory schools are essentially prisons. And they develop similar
cultures. The girl culture in schools in the USA seems to be becoming
especially toxic.
Perhaps most significant: The ratio of home-schooled boys to girls has
shifted significantly. In 1999, it was 49% boys, 51% girls. Now boys account
for only 42%; 58% are girls. That may well be a result of parents who are
fed up with mean-girl behavior in schools, says Henry Cate, who along with
his wife home-schools their three daughters in Santa Clara, Calif. "It's
just pushing some parents over the edge," says Cate, who writes the blog Why
And part of that is commercial:
   "Changing Childhood, Changed Children, Changed Schools: How Commercialism
Impacts Children in Schoo"
   "Commercial culture leads to gender stereotyping in school and greater
separation between girls and boys. Teachers describe a diminishing of
overlapping interests between girls and boys.  Girls come to school often
preoccupied, as one teacher says, with ?clothes, fashion, hair, and makeup,?
while boys? heads are filled with male images of power and aggression.
Because of this, girls and boys find less and less common ground for playing
and interacting together"
Anyway, this is all part of why it becomes harder for peer cultures to
flourish as long as we have so many interwoven problems caused by the
mainstream military-industrial-schooling-prison-media complex.
The reason we don't get this "Honest Food Guide" popularized:
   is an aspect of all this too.
Our intellectual commons about good eating is being poisoned for profit. So,
the air gets smoggy from burning fossil fuels for profit, but the Noosphere
gets smoggy justifying that and other things done for profit.
I remember the "four food" groups growing up in the USA; only later did I
learn the whole thing was a gift to the meat and dairy industries. Even the
newer official food pyramid in the USA is distorted.
It's hard to figure out what is true when there are so many people who get paid big salaries to pollute the intellectual commons with so much disinformation. And, of course, one can add to that the general confusion and uncertainty everyone has about some things.
The same poisoning of the intellectual commons is going on in the USA right
now about universal health care. The comedians are on to it though:
   "Jon Stewart Owns Glenn Beck on Healthcare Hypocrisy"
Have you considered a career in standup (or even sit-down) comedy? :-)
   "Brett Leake -- a sit-down standup comic"
   That guy is awesome and gave me some good advice about humor writing at last year's "Humor Conference". :-) That's the only conference I've been to in many years, but it was a short drive away.
   "Brett made television history when he became the first disabled comedian to appear on The Tonight Show (five times). Jay Leno said, "He broke up the whole room. People realized that here's a man with a disability and he's not gonna' let it bother him.""
You know what Brett says his "disability" is?
He has a degree in Economics. :-)
Well, everybody is "somebody". :-)
Maybe he meant, "Just be yourself?". :-)
But in the context of your next sentence, you seem to take it as criticism:
"This came from a man who saw his only son plunge from one distraction to
another, from television to computer game."
It's certainly a life-long puzzle for you that a few comments cannot do
justice. Parent-child relationships are generally complex and multi-layered.
I see that more and more being a parent now. And it's hard to learn how to
be a good parent. Just like it is hard to learn how to die well. It's kind
of on-the-job training -- you muddle through as best you can, and maybe you
learn something useful along the way, maybe even while dying. :-)
Anyway, it was a very heartfelt story. We so often give people's last words
so much importance. The most important thing is, he was thinking about you.
Giving advice is often a father's way to say he loves you, just like,
stereotypically, women show other women they care by commiserating or
echoing feelings, and men show other men they care by trying to fix a
perceived problem. For your father, the problem is obviously, how can he
help you even when he won't be there physically? So, he tries to do what he
can to the last, out of love. So, you can try to find the love, whether the
advice is useful or not. And you can take pride you were there for him, too.
One of the reasons I write so much is to give my child something to read,
with bits of advice here and there, if there is the interest later on. :-)
My father died alone in his sleep (85, heart attack), but in the process of
videotaping episodes of Star Trek for me and my wife to see (every two weeks
or so I'd come by to visit; he liked being my TiVo. :-) He'd often fall
asleep in front of the TV late at night, watching TV in a room he had added
on to his house. The last episode was a scary one about a visit to a Borg
Cube -- I hope that was not his last thoughts. He had gone swimming with an
senior citizens group  that day in a local school pool for the first time in
a long time; he might have overdone it (although between Vioxx etc. and what
now seems to be an unneeded stent, the medical industry was gunning for him
:-( -- he had a relative who was considered the oldest person in the world
for a time). But I still regret not seeing him the weekend before for
various reasons. But I am glad for moving back across the country years
earlier to spend more time with him.
I wrote about being with my mother when she died here:
   I'm glad I had the "free" time every once in a while to visit with my mom.
One metaphor came to me as I would sit with my Mother (after probably having
done more medical intervention than we should have for her :-( ), after
having wheeled her in her reclining chair outside into a little circular
court to get some sunlight, near where cars and ambulances and delivery
vehicles came and went at the nursing home entrance. As I sat on a bench
besides her, one day it occurred to me that this felt a lot like waiting at
a bus stop for a bus to pull up. Sadder, of course, but still in some ways
the same. And I realized, there can be a lot of human worth in just waiting
with someone -- just waiting for the bus together, even if only one person
is going on a trip just then. And a lot can happen even while you are just
waiting. My child took some first steps in the court there on the grass,
while we all spent time there together in the sun. I got a lot of insight
into life and death just waiting with her. One can call it waiting, or one
can call it partying too, I guess. :-) As much as an eighty year old woman
with dementia and an oxygen tank who is starting to wonder who you are can
party. :-) But she still might surprise you with a smile. :-)
See, this is one of the things the market does not value much -- people
spending "free" time with others (including others near death). In fact, if
people spend "free" time just talking with others in their community, that
is *bad* for the market because they are not consuming. So, the more
purchasing can replace talking (including purchasing talking :-), the better
the market does. But maybe the worse the rest of us often do. That's another
reason we medicalize both birth and death.
There was a recent news item I saw a while back about how mainstream
economists had historically undervalued community. So, that is another
reason our society is so messed up.
We focus a lot on manufacturing on the OM list, but what people really need
most to manufacture, beyond some basics, is community. But, how much
training do people get in manufacturing community? There are some "social
entrepreneurship" training programs, perhaps:
"The Ashoka Foundation is trying to encourage people to use their
entrepreneurial spirit in the service of social goals. To inspire young
people, it has prepared a series of DVDs on leading global social
I take back what I said about you becoming a lawyer. That might be a waste.
Keep being a poet. :-)
   I've been reading more of Micky Z's book online at Google; it is great. Some
pages that stood out for me:
   "The murdering of my years: artists & activists making ends meet"
    (life)
    (poets)
    (schooling)
The last page has a section of "Working Class Hero" by John Lennon:
When they've tortured and scared you for twenty odd years,
Then they expect you to pick a career,
When you can't really function you're so full of fear,
John Lennon was a poet; he accomplished a lot. :-)
But you know what, even for people who don't accomplish much of anything,
life can still be made worth living for themselves and others. :-)
Maybe outstanding accomplishment is overrated? :-) From Alfie Kohn:
       "No Contest: The Case Against Competition" By Alfie Kohn
     If competitiveness is inherently compensatory, if it is an effort to prove
oneself and stave off feelings of worthlessness, it follows that the
healthier the individual (in the sense of having a more solid, unconditional
sense of self-esteem), the less need there is to compete. The implication,
we might say, is that the real alternative to being number one is not being
number two but being psychologically free enough to dispense with rankings
altogether. Interestingly, two sports psychologists have found a number of
excellent athletes with "immense character strengths who don't make it in
sports. They seem to be so well put together emotionally that there is no
neurotic tie to sport." Since recreation almost always involves competition
in our culture, those who are healthy enough not to need to compete may
simply end up turning down those activities. ... Each culture provides its
own mechanisms for dealing with self-doubt. ... Low self-esteem, then, is a
necessary but not sufficient cause of competition. The ingredients include
an aching need to prove oneself and the approved mechanism for doing so at
other people's expense. ... I do not want to shy away from the incendiary
implications of all of this. To suggest in effect that many of our heroes
(entrepreneurs and athletes, movie stars and politicians) may be motivated
by low self-esteem, to argue that our "state religion" is a sign of
psychological ill-health -- this will not sit well with many people.(Page 103)
The meshwork-hierarchy issue also blurs the lines of personal versus
collective responsibility for anyone's situation. Still, that is always
present in every aspect of daily life, as behavior emerges out of organisms
interacting with their environments.
It works in a lot of ways. The situation security professionals find
themselves in (which in my mind includes school teachers in schools) often
mold them in unpleasant ways. There is also the corrosive effect being a
guard and a grader has on mentoring relationships as well at the "teacher".
One way to approach this issue with current teachers is to ask them: "How
would your classroom bedifferent if only the kids who wanted to be there
showed up?" Teachers face a weak version of this extreme situation:
   "Prison horrors haunt guards' private lives - The Denver Post"
   "Now these men and women, who face growing numbers of inmates in some of the
nation's toughest federal and state prisons, say they're increasingly
overwhelmed. They harden themselves to survive inside prison, guards said in
recent interviews. Then they find they can't snap out of it at the end of
the day. Some seethe to themselves. Others commit suicide. Depression,
alcoholism, domestic violence and heart attacks are common. And entire
communities suffer. ... Yet research suggests a staggering downside.
Correctional officers' life expectancy hovers around 59 years, compared with
77 for the U.S. population overall, according to insurance data.
Prison jobs promise a comfortable retirement, "but many of these guys don't
live long after they retire," said Dr. Gary Mohr in Ca?on City, who has
treated guards who had heart attacks. Their work forces guards "to put up a
shield," Mohr said. "It's hard to take that shield off when you go home.
It's hard to open up to the wife and kids.""
Obviously most schools are not as extreme social situations as SuperMax
prisons (even though Gatto points out how they are interwoven). Still, there
may be some weak parallels, with more going on behind the smiley face
plastered on most long term teachers than even they might admit. Teachers
would need to retrain themselves to trust people to learn on their own and
without coercion after a lifetime spent coercing and surveilling students --
and that would take time. And as a guard above said: "You don't wipe this
out in a year. I don't know if it ever goes away." So in some ways,
"teachers" are worse victims of mass schooling than even the "students".
So, likewise, it is important to remember that the guards you dealt with in
some sense are victims of the systems we have created for ourselves too. As
someone like Thich Nhat Hanh might say, the oppressed must have compassion
for the oppressor, who is usually misguided and alienated. That is one way
to help avoid becoming like such people.
   Not saying it is easy, of course. :-) And also, having compassion for someone does not mean accepting the status quo, of course. :-)
Thanks for your other comments, including about that irony I keep bringing
up about using abundance to create artificial scarcity. :-)  The book "The Diamond Age" has a set of scenes related to two children being homeless amidst abundance (they ran away from home). It has a reference to a "public matter compiler" that can print some simple things for free. But, there is usually no safe commons place to enjoy them without a specific affiliation. People might find it of interest.
   And thanks to Dante for his other insights and practical suggestions.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-28 19:38:28
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ted Leung on Design and Commons-based Production 
From there: "Can we actually do design using the commonly accepted tools of e-mail, version control, wiki?s and bug trackers? The design process relies very heavily on visual communications. The code (including design and architecture of code) process is predominantly a text based process. It is very difficult to do design efficiently in a distributed setting using the existing stable of tools. This is going to be a challenge not just for designers but for many other problem domains that could benefit from commons-based peer production."
I think otherwise that essay could benefit by exploring this distinction about social processes versus stigmergy:
Stigmergic collaboration is the process of collaboration that utilizes an intervening encodable media such as a canvas, a word processing document, email or a wiki. Many if not most collaborative processes can be considered stigmergic collaboration as the use of encodable media is generally the norm. The employment of such media typically extends a collaborative group's reach enabling more participants to work across greater spans of geography and time, as well as extending group's memory and capacity to engage greater levels of complexity.
# 2.3.2 2. Collaboration is inherently composed of two primary components, without either of which collaboration cannot take place: social negotiation and creative output.
# 2.3.3 3. Collaboration in small groups (roughly 2-25) relies upon social negotiation to evolve and guide its process and creative output.
# 2.3.4 4. Collaboration in large groups (roughly 25-n) is dependent upon So, Ted Leung sees the valid difficulties in getting designers to work together *socially*, but is having trouble seeing the opportunities whereby they can build on each other's work *stigmergically*. For example, it may be hard for ten designers to agree on how to design a faucet, but it is fairly straightforward for someone to pick items from ten different free and open source designers to put in a bathroom design (faucet, towels, tiles, window, cabinet, lighting, drain, bathtub, outlets, mat).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-29 17:46:37
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | James Murdoch Criticizes BBC For 
"News Corporation's James Murdoch says that a 'dominant' BBC threatens independent journalism in the UK and that free news on the web provided by the BBC made it 'incredibly difficult' for private news organizations to ask people to pay for their news. 'It is essential for the future of independent digital journalism that a fair price can be charged for news to people who value it,' says Murdoch. 'The expansion of state-sponsored journalism is a threat to the plurality and independence of news provision.' In common with the public broadcasting organizations of many other European countries, the BBC is funded by a television license fee charged to all households owning a television capable of receiving broadcasts. Murdoch's News Corporation, one of the world's largest media conglomerates, owns the Times, the Sunday Times and Sun newspapers and pay TV provider BSkyB in the UK and the New York Post, Wall Street Journal, and Fox News TV in the US."
Obviously, there is this peer-based news alternatives to either BBC or News    I don't see IndyMedia complaining about the BBC. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-30 10:34:03
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Japanese revolution over Peak Population, 
OK, that subject line is little strong, :-) but consider:
"Japan Vote Points to Political Upheaval"
Excerpts from there:
Basic Income related:
"Analysts also expect the Democrats to focus in the first months on domestic issues. The party has pledged to change Japan?s postwar paradigm here by handing more money and social benefits directly to consumers, and not to industry or other interest groups."
Peak Population related:
"It has promised to slash Japan?s traditionally hefty public works spending in favor of strengthening the social safety net and trying to raise graying Japan?s low birth rate by giving families cash handouts of $270 per month per child."
Which is a tiny bit of my plan here: :-)
And from:
"Next Japan PM talks of "fraternity" and love"
Peer-to-Peer related:
Democratic Party leader Yukio Hatoyama has put the fuzzy notion of "yuai," or fraternity, at the core of his political philosophy, puzzling many voters and raising eyebrows abroad when he twins it with criticism of global capitalism. ... Though seen by some analysts as vague, Hatoyama uses the word to advocate his goals for closer-knit communities at home and better relations with countries abroad, especially East Asia.
In defense of this email's subject line, :-) from an Australian commentator:
   "Pivotal moment in Japan's history"
Hatoyama and his Democratic Party of Japan promise to break down the influence of Japan's all-powerful bureaucracy and put power into the hands of politicians. They also promise to reverse the crippling fertility decline, which has led to Japan's population starting to decrease, to seek a more independent foreign policy, to redistribute money and spending power to the consumer and most of all to normalise Japanese politics - to create a competitive two-party system. It's a grand sweep of history, to wipe away the post-war settlement under which Japan has changed government just once since the mid-1950s. It could be as big and bold and thunderingly significant as the last two great Japanese pivots - the Meiji Restoration in the late 1800s and the post-war economic revival.
Japan's a world leader in solar electric power, too: :-)
   And, soon, maybe robot nurses:
   "Japanese create teddy bear robot nurse"
   My point: there are lots of ways to spin the news. :-)
So, not only won't the revolution be televised,
   frankly, it mostly won't even be noticed or understood. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-30 11:03:25
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Solar panels built into roads (vs. steam punk 
From there:
"Each Solar Road panel can develop around 7.6 kwh of power each day, and each costs around $7,000. If widely adopted, they could realistically wean the US off fossil fuels: a mile-long stretch of four-lane highway could take 500 homes off the grid. If the entire US Interstate system made use of the panels, energy would no longer be a concern for the country."
I personally really love that sort of idea -- still, it has not been proven it would be maintainable. :-) But, sure, we could do it. We could even put the panels above the roads. The biggest point is, we already have public works around the world on the scale of what we need to go all solar.
By the way, for those who like a more proven "steam punk" approach to saving the world: :-)
"Sunrise for solar heat power "
Earth has a natural ?sun belt,? a swath of relatively empty subtropical deserts including the US Southwest, the Sahara, the Middle East, and much of Australia. By one estimate, installing CSP plants in just 1 percent of the world?s deserts ? an area slightly larger than Ireland ? could supply all the world?s electricity.
   The German Aerospace Center calculates that, assuming high voltage, transmediterranean transmission lines, just 6,023 square miles of CSP in North Africa could keep all of Europe electrified.
   In the US, CSP plants in the Southwest could generate 11,000 gigawatts (GWs) of electricity, says Mark Mehos, principal program manager of concentrating solar power at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) in Golden, Colo. That?s roughly 10 times all the electrical generating capacity currently in place, including coal, nuclear, solar, and hydroelectric ? more than enough for the country?s energy needs.
   In other words, there?s plenty of sun. The real challenge is making CSP technology competitive with coal.
   Currently, CSP costs about 14 cents per kilowatt-hour (kWh), within striking range of current combined-cycle natural-gas plants, in which a gas turbine generator generates electricity and a steam turbine uses the waste heat to generate more. A combined-cycle natural-gas plant produces electricity for about 12 cents per kWh.
   Pulverized coal plants, on the other hand, generate electricity for 6 cents per kWh ? less than half CSP?s cost. But, says Mr. Mehos, if you assume that future coal-fired plants will require carbon sequestration, then that cost moves up to about 10 cents per kWh. That means CSP prices still need to drop by nearly one-third to be competitive with future coal plants.
Note, that's just to supply all the worlds electric, but the world uses maybe twice again as much for heat and transportation, so the sizes would need to be bigger to go all solar, even given we would never go all solar for reasons pointed out before (whether we use geothermal or energy efficiency or wind or hypothetically cold fusion or whatever).
Still, even if we don't ever go all solar or all electric, electricity as an energy source is interchangeable with just about every other energy source. You can charge batteries for cars, use it to produce hydrogen, heat homes or industrial processes with it, make liquid carbon fuels with it from organic matter, and so on. So, the price of grid electricity also puts a cap on what it is worth to pay for oil or other fossil fuels in the long term.
So, basically, what that article implies, in the context of what other people are saying about powerdowns and population crashes from Peak Oil (Catton), or essentially blood-in-the-streets, is that we'd rather blow up the world than pay a bit more for electricity using off-the-shelf Concentrated Solar Power (CSP) "steam punk" technology. That's what it comes down to -- it's just cheaper to shut down the planet and turn out the lights and have endless bloody wars in the dark than to save the planet and make it a nice place to be for humans and the rest of the biosphere. And, given the cost savings with a shutdown and global disaster, there are a lot of temporary profits to be made promoting that path. :-(
   The "blood in the streets" low cost preference over a few pennies per kilowatt-hour of electricity of course ignores how prices would probably drop when we built such CSP plants in quantity. It also ignores how oil is really US$500 a barrel or whatever when you include in defense costs, and coal is I don't know how much per ton when you include in health costs (another aspect of the health care debate in the USA not on the table).
An article from 2004 on the hidden health cost of coal and related profit-taking politics:
   "Smokestacks in the Midwest send sickness to the Northeast"
      More than 30 years after the Clean Air Act targeted polluters, aging Midwest power plants continue to spew exhaust.
   The Northeast is simply on the wrong end of the country's tailpipe.
   Now, it's on the wrong end of the political process, as well.
   The Bush administration last summer scrapped decades of environmental policies that told big polluters when, where, and how to clean up their emissions. Its new rules would allow hundreds of aging, coal-fired plants to operate without pollution controls that, while costly, can strip the exhaust coming out of their smokestacks nearly clean.
   Officials say the health of residents is being sacrificed for a Republican political agenda in the Midwest.
   "These are matters of life and death for New Jersey's residents," said Bradley Campbell, commissioner of the state Department of Environmental    Campbell says the administration policy represents "a very cynical political choice: to give a gift to the Midwest utility lobbies that will be paid for by health costs in Northeastern states."
Still, in the long term, I like PV as it is quiet and low maintenance. Solar thermal installations are more centralized. To a degree, one of the things holding back renewable energy is its own promise. There are so many great renewable options, almost all of which would work even just with today's technology if we scaled them up (waves, wind, geothermal, solar electric of various sorts, solar thermal of various sorts, and others), that it is hard to know which one to invest in. :-) And, when you factor in the costs of defense and health issues and climate change issues related to fossil fuel use, almost all of them were economically cheaper than coal and oil and natural gas decades ago, and all certainly are now. So, the biggest issue is that renewables need a level playing field, with fossil fuel users paying the true cost of their use. That is a straightforward political issue -- a US$200 a barrel-equivalent surcharge on fossil-fuel use, reimbursed to all equally as a basic income. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-08-30 18:40:02
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] YouTube - John Taylor Gatto - State Controlled 
I just noticed there were some videos of New York State Teacher of the Year (1991) John Taylor Gatto on Youtube. Here is one:
   "YouTube - John Taylor Gatto - State Controlled Consciousness"
   In that video, he explains how compulsory schooling in the USA was to create a utopia of abundance by molding most children into factory workers (and sorting out some other types). Some interesting comments at the end about strings. :-)
Another longer one, a Pacifica Radio interview:
   "John Taylor Gatto: Schooling is not Education - Part 1"
      "John Taylor Gatto: Schooling is not Education - Part 2"
      "John Taylor Gatto: Schooling is not Education - Part 3"
      "John Taylor Gatto: Schooling is not Education - Part 4"
      "John Taylor Gatto: Schooling is not Education - Part 5"
   That interview quotes him on how the term community does not apply to networks. He talks about how when the old and young are locked away, there is not past or future in a community, only a present. He also talks about what the basics are in our society, and they are not what you might expect. In the second section, he talks about issues that relate especially to peer production versus specialization (where he suggests specialization is dehumanizing), and suggesting nothing is very hard to do, and you can help yourself almost all the way. 169 hours in each week 55 hours TV, 56 hours sleeping, school 45 hours coming and going, 3 hours for evening meals, private time for each child in 9 hours (expecting them to fashion a self and unique consciousness in that time). The richer they are, the less TV, but more commercial entertainments. Talks about behaviors like consumerism that are addictions of dependent personalities. Towards the end he talks about links to ecological issues and how we have constructed an economy that is "insane". He says 22.5% of all jobs are guarding jobs. (I'd say the number is higher if you look at aspects of broader jobs like programming where a lot of effort goes into security, or accounting involved with rationing, like the health insurance industry.) He talks about a collapse, but essentially, a socially-caused collapse. At the end of part three, starts a reading of an abridged version of the Seven Lesson Schoolteacher.
   At the very end (6:40 of the fifth segment) are some comments especially relevant to peer interactions about education.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-01 08:36:17
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] about those old android phones for 3rd world 
Thanks for the insightful comments.
Any phone sold for US$600 now (like the Verizon "Droid") will likely be US$100 or less in five years, even new (if previous history and Moore's law is any guide). And there will be plenty of used ones available "for free" in five years as people discard them.
Also, Google has, at its core, a deep problem, in trying to build a world of abundance for themselves by using post-scarcity abundance technology, but still with aspects of artificial scarcity (unless our entire economy transforms to a post-scarcity economy at some point). Google leadership says their mantra as "don't be evil", but they can't help but ultimately be evil if the use post-scarcity technology to create artificial scarcity to maintain their business model. They need to switch their world view to something beyond mainstream business, even beyond the strategies you outline. Maybe the have and it is just not obvious (on purpose)? :-)
Something I wrote on that:
   And here is how a lot of people like that have thought in the past:
      "Meanwhile, unscrupulous industrialists like Jay Gould put down worker
discontent by giving their striking workers a "rifle diet" while bragging
they could "hire half the working class to shoot the other half.""
   We could follow the last commands of the capitalists as the entire logic
behind capitalism collapses intellectually in the face of advanced
technology. But instead, maybe we can all figure a way out of this situation
   Unfortunately, Google itself is conflicted on this, so we can't expect too
much help there. In many ways, Google represents this conflict more than any
other company as it is at the interface of capitalism and post-scarcity.
Those people are going to have to make up their minds which side they are on
sooner or later. For me, I think that is what the April Fools joke was
really about -- trying to imagine a way forward for Google.
   Sometimes life in the USA is so awful and so frustrating (even if we are
successful, if we think about the misfortune of so many others) that we want
to imagine fantasies it could get better. For me, that is post-scarcity. For
many others, it is getting rich in the current system. I'm sorry to be
taking your fantasy away of capitalism ever working for everyone (including
you) given how bad things have gotten for so many in the USA. But, at least
we've got a new collective delusion you could join. :-) And, I'd suggest,
the post-scarcity delusion is getting more and more real every day. Maybe
one day, capitalism based around competition will seem like just a bad dream
we awoke from:
   "No Contest: The Case Against Competition"
   And as delusions go, this one has been providing me with free software and
free content for years, so that is something going for it. :-) But I'll
admit it does not yet supply electricity or computers themselves. We're
making choices about how we want the future to be.
I wrote on related stuff in connection to their "Virgle" April Fool's joke about space habitats on Mars (skip down to the middle searching on For example, Google contractors get no Segways and massages?
     Or second class badges?
          "I used to work at Google as a Contractor. Let me tell you, it wasn't the greatest place for a contractor. First, you have red badges, so anyone with a Google badge looks down on you. Already you feel left out, and you don't feel like enjoying all the benefits Googler's have. ... I don't miss working there. The people arn't really all that friendly, people have arrogance and MBA, PHD attitudes."
   And ultimately, aren't even the people in sweatshops in, say, China who build component used in Google servers in some sense Google contractors? Definitely no Segways or massages for them. :-(
          "Well over 150 million migrant workers from rural areas have crowded into the cities over the past decade in search of economic survival. They may regularly not get paid for months at a time. Public healthcare across the economy is declining to the point where many millions of working families cannot afford to seek medical care or risk huge debt if they do. Migrant workers are at especial risk. Large numbers of workers in the toy industry have now lost their jobs directly as a result of the Mattel recall, and its fallout continues. They are the direct victims of their local bosses' abuses and the lack of safety control. But of course they and their stories and suffering, literally inscribed in the toys they make, remain    [And I say elsewhere, aren't we all Google contractors in some sense, making information on the internet that Google repackages with advertising?]
   So what is Google Headquarters in Mountain View, California but a little temporary space habitat bubble of happiness for regular employees, but floating on a sea of relative misery for everyone else planetwide who supports it? Can't we as a society or Google/Virgle as an aspiration do better that that? And even within that bubble are emerging issues. How long can a company expect to run on twenty-somethings without kids?
   Google-ites and other financially obese people IMHO need to take a good look at the junk food capitalist propaganda they are eating and serving up to others, as in saying (even in jest):
         "we should profit from others' use of our innovations, and we should buy or lease others' intellectual property whenever it advances our own goals"
   -- even while running one of the biggest post-scarcity enterprises on Earth based on free-as-in-freedom software. :-(
   Until then, it is up to us other
        "semi-evil ... quasi-evil ... not evil enough" hobbyists with smaller budgets to save the Asteroids and the Planets (including Earth)
     from financially obese people and their unexamined evil plans to spread profit-driven scarcity-creating Empire throughout every nook-and-cranny of the universe. :-(
          "The Emperor: Young fool... Only now, at the end, do you understand... [the power of love of money :-(]"
   Actually, in Google's defense, as far as most newly wealthy, key Google people have done far, far better than most by tithing 10% of the Google IPO to charitable causes:
             But they remain financially obese. Michael Phillips in _The Seven Laws of Money_ suggests
     that from his experience on the board of the Point Foundation that it was almost impossible to give money away effectively. And I'd certainly agree the world may well be better served with the current leadership at Google (who are at least trying not to be "evil", even if that is impossible 100% in our society or in life in general) instead of if they sold out to another new Google leadership that might be 100% evil, especially given Google is rapidly becoming a de-facto world government in some ways.
     "Cory Doctorow's Fiction About An Evil Google"
     So, their situation is not an easy one. And I may poke fun at them (as they poked fun at all of us on April 1st), but I would not bother if I did not in some sense also respect their accomplishments and their potential.
   So what am I really saying?
   That we as a society are not going to happily get to Mars or the Asteroids or other star systems, or even just fix up Space Ship Earth, until we come to see the love of money as the problem, not the solution.
Anyway, so Google faces this business-as-usual vs. post-scarcity conflict more than most companies right now. Future companies that focus on nanotecch 3D printing (where printers can print more printers) may face it even more strongly in a decade or two.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-05 11:11:08
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] interview on cuba's agricultural transformation 
It's great to see a talk show about something important. :-)
The web site of the person interviewed:
  If there is one thing this shows from Cuba's experience (even as they warn it is a misintepretation :-), it is that even if "Peak Oil" was true, a nation can deal with it very straighforwardly (with a rough transition of a couple years, and some suffering, admittedly, but overall, coming out from that transition in a happier place). So, even in this "worst case", Peak Oil was not a problem of the magnitude that many say it is. To be clear, even in the worst case of changing from an economy based on oil to an economy  based on something else in a matter of a couple years is an issue, and a big issue with widespread implications, but it is not an "end of civilization" issue. Of course, they do raise the issue that Cuba had stronger local communities. Still, one might hope the USA would respond to that with its own strengths and weaknesses.
By the way, related to their theme:
But, you can see there on that page a lot more options as well.
I think the resource depletion issue leading to "consume less" is misleading, even if there is truth to it -- because it misses the big picture of the abundance we can have even if it may be good in general for a variety of reasons. Again, see Julian Simon's "The Ultimate Resource" (being the human imagination).
The host (Janaia Donaldson) spins through a list of worries in a few seconds (at around 11:31): "That's part of the point. If it were only oil, then we could go to some of these other solutions. But it is also freshwater, topsoil, our fisheries, ... the oceans, ... we're looking at resource depletion all over in lots of levels, so the only single answer that comes back to that is, use less, consume less [and live more locally which consumes in its own way and nourishes more on different levels.]"
And then by implication, presumably we should have population control?
One needs to be careful to distinguish between the idea of consume *less* versus produce and consume *differently*.
One by one:
* freshwater -- we have techniques for desalination, water recycling, biological water treatment, atmospheric condensation, and alternatives to using water in various processes or even locating factories and homes in various areas;
* topsoil -- grinding up rocks, produces all the organic fertilizer you want, in conjunction with organic matter preserving methods, and perhaps including perhaps composting human wastes;
   * fisheries -- OK, we are overfishing in many areas as a global society, but we can also make the oceans more productive with nutrients (one benefit of OTEC energy plants), and we can produce lots of vegetarian food in a variety of ways if we focus less on eating meat; and
* oceans -- sure, we need regulation on ocean dumping, ocean pollution, and so on, but the oceans are still vast and could be homes to literally tens of billions of people on the surface or undersea using seasteads and so on. And then there is outer space for more living area.
The person being interviewed (Megan Quinn) then says "And really there is no combination of alternatives that's going to allow us to continue consuming as we have been. And even if there were alternatives, does this justify our use of them? Is this making us happy? So what is the purpose of consuming these fuels? And is it giving us what it promised? I don't think so. I think there is a better way."
There is obviously a lot of truth to that, because people in industrialized countries like the USA that have traded community for lots of stuff are generally less happy than in either materially poor countries that still have intact families and health communities or in industrialized countries (like the Netherlands) that have focused more on a balance of individual material and social community things. But, it is a mistake to then generalize from that to thinking there is only one way to have an advanced technology (as seems to be done later). The fact is more that the technological infrastructure around us has been built to reflect elitist and   exploitive values in many areas, and that we could build a different (and maybe even more advanced) technology that reflected different values. But, they may not be conscious of that, just assuming that technology is all of one thing. The 1970s Appropriate Technology movement by EF Schumacher at least admitted to the possibility we could have better technology more compatible with different economic values, but, I'd suggest, that plan was not far reaching enough. We are seeing, with open manufacturing and other ideas, a whole new resurgence of taking moder possibilities and recasting them in all sorts of new ways (like RepRap or the Maker scene or agricultural robotics to do organic agriculture).
The host goes on (before Megan Quinn outlines something): "What's that vision? What's that better life on the other side? Where we are more connected? Where we're more local? Where things are more slowed down? Where we have time again?"
I'm all for local solutions. I'm all for connectivity. I'm all for better solutions. I'm all for conserving things for future generations. I'm all for focusing on a life that is beyond acquiring material possessions (like valuing community and experience more). I'm all for talking about transformation and social equity. *But*, one needs to be careful to not have an anti-life message slip into all that. As well as an anti-technology one, too, where one talks about *less* instead of *different*. (Even if different may mean less of some things while it might mean more of something else.)
I've talked to one young "environmentalist" (with a degree now in it) who is anti-life in that sense (and wanting to see human populations drop a lot). I'd suggest such people are anti-life for humans, obviously (although they might argue that there is no alternative if we are to survive sustainably, and so they are pro-life in that sense in their own eyes, even if I disagree with their assessment of technology's possibilities). But, they are also anti-life for the biosphere, because trillions of people living in space habitats someday would mean that the biosphere would be brought with them, and so would expand enormously. I think there is a central denial of possibility there, which is justified in part by how technology is often linked with capitalism and its ravages. We made need different technology that better reflects social values and demands of a growing population, but that is not the same as saying we need less technology and less people (which is what a focus on consume less often leads to).
Here is one example of the difference. Megan Quinn says she estimates between 25% and 50% of people will have to become involved with agriculture in some way (maybe not all on the farm?) if you take away tractors and replace it with human labor. But, what about agricultural robots powered by solar panels? We *have* agricultural robots now. And we can run tractors off of wood gas or electricity (as I posted on earlier). So, that statement is completely at odds with on the ground technological possibilities right now.
Again, I am all for gardening. I'm all for everyone who wants to be a farmer getting  that chance -- it is a wonderful soulful thing to produce food in an organic manner that conserves natural resources, protects the environment from pollution, and feeds neighbors -- it can be, overall, a wonderful, joyful thing. But, to put 50% of the population back to work doing repetitive manual labor when we have robots and we have electric tractors and most people would rather do other things it seems, that just seems to be the dark side of liberalism -- the fascist side that conservatives rightly recoil in horror from (including how it was used during China's Cultural Revolution and Russia's Stalinist revolution, where intellectuals were "reeducated" in the fields and farms). Maybe most intellectuals do need to be reeducated (school has done so much damage), and being in nature might help, but farms themselves are essentially factories, not nature.
Again for reference, a vegetarian diet would mean about 75% of US agriculture was unneeded, to begin with:
"The Truth About Land Use in the United States"
And I'm not saying all that because Megan Quinn said something uncomplimentary about people like me: :-) "[Host: We've moved from a blue collar to an information technology world.] Where most people really aren't producing anything of real value. It's all this "in your head" and on the computer but what do you eat? What sustains you? People are going to be more engaged in directly sustaining themselves, which is how humans have been doing it for millions of years."
I'm actually all for local production -- like with 3D printers and open manufacturing. But, there is the idea of dismissing all our future possibilities, as well as our present ones (like agricultural robots), many of which may come about through information technology.
   Information technology can have a dark side -- issues related to the "Singularity" for example, but to address them, one has to engage them in some way (including, admittedly, perhaps by saying there is some better way of focusing on human face-to-face community than too much technology of the wrong sorts driven by capitalism and a concentration of wealth). Otherwise all the nice local communities are going to get overwhelmed by military robots or something even worse in a couple of decades.
So, there is a huge problem with people talking about the future of economics and society without a good understanding of what is possible in terms of science and technology. Or even what is out there right now.
More people may help us invent and implement new and better solutions. One of my posts on that:
"[p2p-research] Peak Population crisis (was Re: Japan's Demographic Crisis)" What we really need is a convergence between the well meant social side of what Megan Quinn says and our technical possibilities. It is an issue that our society is still wrestling with, and may be for a long time. And it drifts into all sorts of broader issues; for example, "Technoprogressivism":
   Anyway, so, this video is a little snapshot about both what is right and what is wrong with the environmental movement, the Green party, and so on.
And nothing said there specifically directly addresses the host's point about of all the local farmers at a recent gathering (in the USA), only one was making it economically. That's what you might expect from capitalism in a mature industry with profit squeezed out. Why talk about everyone becoming a farmer, as opposed to just making farming work economically for the people who really want to do it? Megan Quinn does mention farmers get more pay than an engineer or scientist in Cuba. But, what about moving beyond wages entirely to a gift economy (or other aspects of peer production of a shared commons) or a basic income? So, actually, there is a very conservative notion of work and control of capital control there they may not recognize yet.  Again, as Bob Black said, consider Megan Quinn cheerfully saying 50% of the population will go back to farming in old-fashioned ways, and compare it to what he said in 1985:
   "They will carry on endlessly about wages, hours, working conditions, exploitation, productivity, profitability. They'll gladly talk about anything but work itself."
It is the scientist, the engineer, the tinkerer, and even the user (most of all) who all help comes up with new ways to do things that require less work. That invention and innovation have been the basis of much of what has been good about industrialization (not saying much has not also been bad).
Megan Quinn's vision seems to included most people going back to doing a lot of (often boring and dangerous) manual farm labor, driven by oil getting more expensive. Well, robots can do a lot of stuff in the fields, and we have a  lot of ways to generate energy (rapidly becoming cheaper than coal and oil in the market, and for decades cheaper than coal and oil if subsidies like the US defense budget and health care costs were included). It even takes more electricity just to produce a gallon of gasoline than an electric care would take to go the same distance, just to show you the absurdity of much of the modern economy designed to benefit mostly a wealthy elite. Why not just talk about electric tractors and field robotics? But, then we won't see the social shift to stronger communities she obviously cares about (and rightly so).
Megan Quinn rightly celebrates community and local interactions. But, she sees the path to get there is because we "have" to do it from Peak Oil. It reminds me when all the people who loved space habitats got behind the idea of beaming solar power from space to fund creating space habitats, rather than just saying space habitats were a good thing in their own right and we could do then just because that is what we wanted to do. Instead, things in our capitalist society often get bogged down in the religion of the free    "The Market as God: Living in the new dispensation"
   If community and gardening are good things, one can just support them as individuals and through organizations and governments for that reason -- to do good things. Isles in Trenton, NJ is a non-profit that has been doing that for decades (although, also driven in part with the idea of shaping a new and better local economy -- the name came from an original vision of making sustainable communities on islands). The progression of Isles, Inc. and Marty Johnson's (the founders's) thinking might be something to study.
   I love organic agriculture as a concept. And I love localism as an idea, too. I put many person years (as did my wife) into developing a garden simulator to help people learn to grow their own food organically, and I learned some more on farming helping with the organic agriculture movement in the 1980s. But, as important as connecting with green growing things is, there is more to societal and technological change going on right now than that, and even that garden simulator was a step towards a space habitat simulator. It seems to me that I am seeing some of my thinking from the 1980s and others from the 1970s (the back to the land movement) reprised here. :-) But, over the decades, I've moved beyond it. I'm can hope these people will too. There are many important values they celebrate -- ones even beyond what I appreciated as much then. The challenge is to integrate their good ideas and living values in with the possibilities (and challenges) of modern technology, including renewable energy, robotics, advanced computers, 3D printing, global communications, ecocities, seasteading, and a space program. Still, different people may never agree on some core values, and we need a healthy way to deal with those disagreements too.
So, where they go wrong IMHO is moving from "localism and stronger communities are a good thing" to "we (almost) all have to go back to the land because of technological issues and resource limits". The first I agree with, the second I do not. The reality is more that we may need to consume differently and produce differently for a variety of reasons (including increasing community and decreasing pollution), but the particular solution they outline of doing less with technology and more with human manual labor is leaving out a lot of possibilities (even as some may enjoy exactly what they outline, which is a more Amish-like world). So, I think it will be rejected by many, which is sad, because many values implicit in what they outline are indeed wonderful.
Still, they are taking important steps along that path. But it is perhaps a much broader and longer path than they are talking about right now.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-06 10:43:54
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google gets into the DNS business 
This may reflect a deeper shift in our society. For most people, the Google corporation is now effectively the de-facto government that structures their lives online. So, how can we make Google a good government? :-)
Well, Michel recently posted this link, which is a start:
"YouTube - Reclaiming Democracy: How Communities are Saying "NO" to Corporate Rights"
But connected to this again is Manuel de Landa's points on always having meshworks and hierarchies:
    > Running your own caching DNS resolver is a) trivial b) the only
 > way to prevent your ISP monkeying with your DNS queries trivially.
 > (I reside in a country which must record connection info by law,
 > and block sites in a blacklist, currently implemented via DNS).
 >
 > The only way to make sure your ISP is not sniffing or altering
 > your data in transit is to route all your traffic through a
 > VPN (e.g. OpenVPN) tunnel to a (V)server, preferably in a different
 > jurisdiction.
Well, one could also put a willingness to use Google for convenience or free-of-direct cost down to "digital fatalism" in just assuming you have no privacy online.
Here is how I see it, probably having an even higher level of paranoia than you. :-) Vitamins like D3 and B12 can help supposedly. :-)
   "We recently had a patient at the hospital where I work who became psychotic, or lost touch with reality, believing that the CIA wanted to assasinate him, and hearing voices whispering death threats through the hallways.  The only cause that could be found was vitamin B12 deficiency. Once we gave him injections of vitamin B12, he slowly improved and could once again tell the difference between reality and what only existed in his So, here is some extreme paranoia for your discomforting. :-)
The fact is, any ISP can log and decrypt all the data anyone sends through it from a specific location if they really want to. One can assume the decryption can be done now either at high cost by supercomputers or in a few years at low cost by newer computers -- maybe even quantum ones. That assumes the encryption algorithms are any good and don't have backdoors making it trivial to decrypt stuff. Historically, countries have kept copies of intercepted messages from other countries in wartime and maybe years later could then decrypt them and find out a lot about the past that may be useful in the present day. Maybe what you outline with VPN might keep stuff private now, but would it keep it private ten years from now with decryption computers 1000 times faster or cheaper (Moore's law) than what we have now?
Let's say someone unintentionally but illegally downloads just *one* copyrighted song now (2009) using VPN technology (say, a background tune on a youtube video they look at for other reasons), out of all their other endless legal activities. Ten years later, in 2019, that logged data gets decrypted routinely, and the government knows that person broke a copyright law ten years ago. Well, is that a prosecutable crime in 2019?
   "Legislative history -- Copyright felony act"
   It may depend on the interpretation of the "statute of limitations" as well as other laws passed over the next decade. But, even if the statute of limitations has passed, evidence of a past crime might seem like at least "probable cause" to investigate further in the then present day (2020) by seizing all of that person's computing systems. That might even be painful for a cyborg, to rip out any brain implants. So, even today's laws can all become a way of doing selective enforcement against people in the future if the government does not like (even to the point of doing forcible brain surgery on them). This sort of issue outlined in this slashdot article may become all too common as law enforcement can look back on data recorded ten years ago and decrypt it:
""Accidental" Download Sending 22-Year-Old Man To Prison"
After September 11, 2001, examining cell phone calls was a big thing -- showing how they are routinely recorded (a fact not widely know at the time, but obvious after).
Even now people are working to crack GSM phone encryption. Related:
"Open Source Attempt To Crack GSM Encryption"
"The intended approach is to create an open source project to spread the computation of a giant look-up table across more than 80 machines. Interestingly, they've openly stated that nVidia's CUDA technology will be used to execute parallel elements of the problem on GPUs as well.""
So, for anyone who archives all encrypted phone communications around them (would take a lot of storage space obviously), they would be able in ten years or so probably to listen to everything anyone around them said now on a cellular phone; recording even encrypted conversations may be illegal for individuals, but I would expect at least any government would find out some way to justify it. Certainly a foreign government could probably record cell phone calls in the USA, decrypt them, and then pass the data back to the US under various agreements.
So, while encryption may be useful in delaying people's access to your communications, don't assume it does any more than *delay* access.
And it also won't delay access under certain legal situations in some countries:
"UK jails schizophrenic for refusal to decrypt files: Terror squad arrest over model rocket"
He was arrested on 15 September 2008 by officers from the Metropolitan Police's elite Counter-Terrorism Command (CTC), when entering the UK from France. Sniffer dogs at Gare du Nord in Paris detected his Estes model rocket, which was still in its packaging and did not have an engine.
   On arrival at St Pancras, JFL was detained under the Terrorism Act and taken to Paddington Green police station, a highly secure facility where UK police hold their most dangerous suspects. ...
   Again he maintained silence. Police then warned him they would seek a section 49 notice under RIPA Part III, which gives a suspect a time limit to supply encryption keys or make target data intelligible. Failure to comply is an offence under section 53 of the same Part of the Act and carries a sentence of up to two years imprisonment, and up to five years imprisonment in an investigation concerning national security.
Of course, another issue is that digital evidence is fairly trivial to fabricate. As this book points out:
   "Mistakes Were Made (But Not by Me): Why We Justify Foolish Beliefs, Bad Decisions, and Hurtful Acts"
   some police even routinely plant physical evidence at this point through a process of progressive desensitization over their careers. The logic in the future of digital forensics teams might more-and-more begin to go, "Anyone using encryption must be guilty of something, so it is then morally OK to plant evidence."
As Jane Jacobs points out in here book "Dark Age Ahead":
   the failure of groups like the police to police themselves is at the core of the collapse of one of several pillars in our society that we have been dealing with. But it is a reality.
As I suggest here:
"CNC Machinist job related to custom bicycles & CIA version & comments"
I think the safest thing to do is assume all your communications are logged, archived, reviewed, and monitored by the CIA (or whoever) and that everyone online works for the CIA (or whoever). One might call that digital fatalism or digital paranoia of the worst sort, :-) except, one can then take that as a *starting* point for action, not an ending point. :-)
So, I suggest we should assume everything we do is monitored and everyone on this p2p list works for the CIA. Now what? :-) Well, one can start working to change the nature of society in a peaceful, non-violent, and legal way that works for everyone using P2P and other technologies. :-) And one could also work peacefully and legally to changing the laws about copyrights and so on.
See also:
"Four Horsemen of the Infocalypse"
But we seem way past that infocalypse already in some ways, like the guy above arrested for a model rocket still in the package. In a way, the "think of the children" Infocalypse (like is putting that 22 year old in prison for years) has already come and gone, and we are living in the world on the other side (everything logged, broad and vague laws on all sorts of things that taken together that make *everyone* criminals, selective enforcement of that, children being imprisoned for their own "protection" for sending pictures of themselves, a generated climate of fear and mistrust, etc.).
As suggested here:
   "They Thought They Were Free: The Germans, 1933-45"
  "To live in this process is absolutely not to be able to notice it?please try to believe me?unless one has a much greater degree of political awareness, acuity, than most of us had ever had occasion to develop. Each step was so small, so inconsequential, so well explained or, on occasion, ?regretted,? that, unless one were detached from the whole process from the beginning, unless one understood what the whole thing was in principle, what all these ?little measures? that no ?patriotic German? could resent must some day lead to, one no more saw it developing from day to day than a farmer in his field sees the corn growing. One day it is over his head."
Still, even assuming the worst, we can work towards something better with what we have, our imaginations, our community, our technology, and so on. Even within the USSR and repressive government, it transformed eventually. Things like humor were part of that transformation. So was optimism (one can be paranoid as well as humorous & optimistic at the same time. :-)
   "The Optimism of Uncertainty" by Howard Zinn
   In this awful world where the efforts of caring people often pale in comparison to what is done by those who have power, how do I manage to stay involved and seemingly happy? I am totally confident not that the world will get better, but that we should not give up the game before all the cards have been played. The metaphor is deliberate; life is a gamble. Not to play is to foreclose any chance of winning.
   To play, to act, is to create at least a possibility of changing the world. There is a tendency to think that what we see in the present moment will continue. We forget how often we have been astonished by the sudden crumbling of institutions, by extraordinary changes in people's thoughts, by unexpected eruptions of rebellion against tyrannies, by the quick collapse of systems of power that seemed invincible. What leaps out from the history of the past hundred years is its utter unpredictability. This confounds us, because we are talking about exactly the period when human beings became so ingenious technologically that they could plan and predict the exact time of someone landing on the moon, or walk down the street talking to someone halfway around the earth.
Also, as long as people get adequate vitamin D3 in prison, think of what a positive force they could be on prison culture, and then afterwards; example:
   So, welcome to my paranoid world. :-) Google *is* the government already. Encryption only at best delays access to anything you do online by a few years and at worse makes people investigate you immediately. Everyone is a criminal because of vague and broad laws that are selectively enforced. Any obvious defiance will get you put away for twenty years in a place without sunlight that may destroy your health and sanity (and that's if you are lucky and not just taken out in an "accident"). Now what? How do we build a better world within those constraints? Perhaps by using humor, optimism, and imagination? :-) As well as free-to-the-user Google services? :-)
I'm really a tremendously conformist person in most ways -- you don't get a stamp on your forehead that says "Princeton" unless you are willing to jump through endless hoops on command. :-( My idea of a happy work life at this point is just going to a research lab everyday (an IBM Research like in the 1970s when people like Gerry O'Neill came to give talks about space settlemest?) doing something worthwhile and having a nice meal for lunch talking to colleagues. I would not have spent decades outside the system trying to make changes if I did not think they were essential to our very survival (especially because of the risk of nuclear war). Frankly, I probably would have preferred to be a "loser" earning US$200K with the rest of my class (even Michelle); see this humorous item to understand that comment:
   "Larry Ellison's [pretend] Commencement Address at Yale University"
   But I just could not look the other way enough, so realizing the whole pyramid thing was a rickety building about to come down at any moment drove me out of that mindset. And that's really a bad place to be, mentally. The happier reason to make change is just because it will make a happier world for everyone, not because it is desperately necessary to avert catastrophe. Focusing on the positive will probably help more people more of the time, and is just more positive psychologically. The question today, with all this computers and other high technology is more, how can we all direct that to some positive social ends?
A "technological fix" with encryption like you suggest does not really address the core issues of a changing society. The core problem IMHO is scarcity-based assumptions at the core of the current political process (as well as economic processes like around even Google), but politicians and business people increasing having to make decisions about using and improving an infrastructure that can produce vast abundance.
A bunch of market-based religion thrown in there too makes things harder:
   "The Market as God: Living in the new dispensation"
   Really, if everyone nullified bad laws in the jury box, everyones stopped buying lots of junky products (or  good products produced in unsustainable ways), and everyone would vote only for truly progressive candidates, we would not be needing to have this discussion. How long would the war on drugs last if, say, juries stopped convicting people on drug charges? Why don't people do those things? Good question -- the beginning of knowledge, perhaps. What is about people's beliefs that get them to act that way, to support bad laws, bad products, and problematical politicians? (Compulsory school is part of that, most likely, according to John Taylor Gatto.)
Progressive candidates in future elections might include ones that take on corporate personhood and limited liability (Ralph Nader?) and who seriously rethink the economics and laws of an industrial age society so they match better the reality of an information age society (Marshall Brain? Others?). Maybe a Techno-Green party? :-) But Marshall Brain sees an end to privacy though; not everyone agrees, so even within that party are fault lines for Consider, as one example:
   The Pirate Party (Swedish: Piratpartiet) is a political party in Sweden. Founded in 2006, it is now the third largest party in Sweden in terms of membership. Its sudden popularity has given rise to parties with the same name and similar goals in Europe and worldwide, forming the international Pirate Party movement.
   The party strives to reform laws regarding copyright and patents. The agenda also includes support for a strengthening of the right to privacy, both on the Internet and in everyday life, and the transparency of state administration.[1] The Party has intentionally chosen to be block independent on the traditional left-right scale[2] to pursue their political agenda with all mainstream parties.
More on jury nullification:
     "The jury system was established because it was felt that a panel of citizens, drawn at random from the community, and serving for too short a time to be corrupted, would be more likely to render a just verdict, through judging both the evidence and the law, than officials who may be unduly influenced to follow established legal practice, especially when that practice has drifted from its constitutional origins. However, in most modern Western legal systems, juries are often instructed to serve only as "finders of facts", whose role it is to determine the verity of the evidence presented,[2] instructions that are criticized by advocates of jury nullification. Historical examples of nullification include American revolutionaries who refused to convict under English law,[3] juries who refuse to convict due to perceived injustice of a law in general,[4] the perceived injustice of the way the law is applied in particular cases,[5] and cases where the juries have refused to convict due to their own prejudices such as the race of one of the parties in the case.[6]"
Jury nullification can be used for bad things, too, as in the last to defend racist crimes. But overall it is a final check on a system gone too far. All those US conservatives clinging to their guns for security againt government intrusion on liberty would find much more power in the jury box to prevent government excess than their wild fantasies of facing down police officers coming to take them to jail for some reason. Europe has less guns, but it has more concerned citizens, and so is, in that sense, a more free place in many ways than the USA.
Guns are like encryption in a sense. Like locks, maybe they help keep honest people honest, but they are not going to do much against organized efforts by government to do something to you. I've tried a few times with conservatives to take them step by step through the idea of how guns may protect their rights realistically in our society and have never gotten a good answer; history in the USA shows the now-despicable internment of Japanese-Americans went relatively smoothly even with a lot of guns around.
"The Five Boxes of Liberty"
    1. The Moving Box ? right of association, in particular territorially via migration
    2. The Soap Box ? right of free speech
    3. The Ballot Box ? right to a voice in your government
    4. The Jury Box ? right to a trial by jury of your peers
    5. The Ammunition Box ? right to threaten or use appropriate violence in One problem is that the fifth box (ammo box -- which I question the effectiveness and morality of, especially just compared to non-cooperation)
"Social Movements and Strategic Nonviolence"
   seems to have made many people complacent about all the others. Like the encrypted box, the ammo box does not make anything better by itself. Iraq showed how easy it is to tear apart a society in a way that may take decades to heal. You can hide all the transactions you want behind encryption for a time until society falls down around you, too.
But, appropriate technology can still help with social change. Anything from 3D printers to plastic solar panels can help show the world abundance is possible on a vast scale:
      As can peer produced commons like Debian GNU/Linux, Wikipedia, or the larger web itself.
The biggest value of those things politically is that improvements in them make the scarcity mythology behind a repressive status quo more difficult to defend. Related:
   "The mythology of wealth"
   As I suggest at the next link, it is both social change and technological change that may make more possible a happier world of abundance for all, because they are multiplicative in some sense:
   "Getting to 100 social-technical points (was Re: a Change)"
  But, this is a very different interpretation of the political meaning of technology, as being about promoting abundance for all, not about defending privilege (even private privilege that might be worth defending).
So, rather than focus on encryption, one might focus on making more free content of hight quality, or more free (or even non-free, sadly, like Konarka) designs for technology that produces abundance. Like guns, encryption may be useful if you want to keep some information away from thieves (who won't try too hard to grab any one person's credit card numbers), but it won't protect anything in the long term from a determined government. Following Manuel de Landa's idea, I suggest we always will have some sort of one, as we have a healthy balance of meshworks and hierarchies. You are trying to deny hierarchies some power with encryption, but they can still get it in other ways. The bigger issue is how do we keep the hierarchies accountable for the health of society?
So, the deeper issue is, what kind of government do we want? And what kind of society to go with it? And then how do we act to build that society within the possibilities that seem reasonable?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-06 12:16:14
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Income Aspirations, Television and Happiness 
"Income Aspirations, Television and Happiness: Evidence from the World Values Survey by Luigino Bruni, Luca Stanca"
"This paper investigates the role of television in producing higher material aspirations, by enhancing both adaptation and positional effects. Using a large sample of individuals from the World Values Survey, we find that the effect of income on both life and financial satisfaction is significantly smaller for heavy television viewers than for occasional viewers. This finding is robust to a number of specification checks and alternative interpretations. The results suggest an additional explanation for the income-happiness paradox: the pervasive and increasing role of television viewing in contemporary society, by raising material aspirations, contributes to offset the effect of higher income on individual happiness."
The paper:
Perhaps as people shift their activities away from TV and to peer production (as Clay Shirky suggests) we will see an increase in global happiness?
"Gin, Television, and Social Surplus"
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-06 20:09:56
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google gets into the DNS business 
Those are good points, but the fact is, multinationals lay the fiber cables under the sea, launch the satellites, repair the cables to people's homes, supply the power to the equipment, train the operators, and so on. So, unless we talk about a radical restructuring of the economy (which I've been happy to talk about) we are stuck with Google (and corporate friends) as the de-facto government. Which is another way of saying "fascism" -- a binding together of business and government. So, how can we have a "better" fascist state using P2P if that's what almost everyone has chosen? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-07 12:40:47
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Trust, crypto, 
Other people like Ted and Patrick have replied in different ways on that.
I'm going to reply including saying some things and providing some links to things you obviously already know, just to make this a broader response.
One big issue is that there are degrees of trust, areas of trust, and directions of trust. One does not have to make it an all or nothing thing. One can trust the US Postal Service to deliver certified letters with almost 100% certainty, even if one might not trust the US post office to not look inside them with bright lights and image processing software. One might trust the US government to quickly stop local armed feuds within a US town even if one might not trust the US government to stop feuds in another country (like Iraq, where it help create many).
A funny video about how "trust" can mean different things to different people:
"Trusted Computing"
I'll trot out this again (even as the American Conservative article ignores the value of community being fostered by good governance):
  "If Marxism is the delusion that one can run society purely on altruism and collectivism, then libertarianism is the mirror-image delusion that one can run it purely on selfishness and individualism. Society in fact requires both individualism and collectivism, both selfishness and altruism, to function. ... The most fundamental problem with libertarianism is very simple: freedom, though a good thing, is simply not the only good thing in life. Simple physical security, which even a prisoner can possess, is not freedom, but one cannot live without it. Prosperity is connected to freedom, in that it makes us free to consume, but it is not the same thing, in that one can be rich but as unfree as a Victorian tycoon?s wife. A family is in fact one of the least free things imaginable, as the emotional satisfactions of it derive from relations that we are either born into without choice or, once they are chosen, entail obligations that we cannot walk away from with ease or justice. But security, prosperity, and family are in fact the bulk of happiness for most real people and the principal issues that concern People have had governments of various sorts for thousands of years. And they have also collapsed periodically, as Daniel Quinn talks about. But, to thing holistically about this, we have to see governments as just one aspect of a bigger issue of meshworks, hierarchies, and interfaces.
 From Manuel de Landa:
   "Meshworks, Hierarchies, Interfaces"
   "Indeed, one must resist the temptation to make hierarchies into villains and meshworks into heroes, not only because, as I said, they are constantly turning into one another, but because in real life we find only mixtures and hybrids, and the properties of these cannot be established through theory alone but demand concrete experimentation. Certain standardizations, say, of electric outlet designs or of data-structures traveling through the Internet, may actually turn out to promote heterogenization at another level, in terms of the appliances that may be designed around the standard outlet, or of the services that a common data-structure may make possible. On the other hand, the mere presence of increased heterogeneity is no guarantee that a better state for society has been achieved. After all, the territory occupied by former Yugoslavia is more heterogeneous now than it was ten years ago, but the lack of uniformity at one level simply hides an increase of homogeneity at the level of the warring ethnic communities. But even if we managed to promote not only heterogeneity, but diversity articulated into a meshwork, that still would not be a perfect solution. After all, meshworks grow by drift and they may drift to places where we do not want to go. The goal-directedness of hierarchies is the kind of property that we may desire to keep at least for certain institutions. Hence, demonizing centralization and glorifying decentralization as the solution to all our problems would be wrong. An open and experimental attitude towards the question of different hybrids and mixtures is what the complexity of reality itself seems to call for."
I think this issue is in play here as Google grows as a strong hierarchy. There are other factors as well, since it is not just meshwork vs. hierarchy but it is also meshwork vs. meshwork and hierarchy vs. hierarchy, with all these organizations interacting, both cooperating and competing, and trusting each other in different ways. And one also needs to see beyond the organization chart and self-descriptions to see that even in the most hierarchical organizations there are social meshworks, and in the most meshworked grass roots movements there may be shared ideological hierarchies (like Greens may value the environment or free market actors may value profits within a currency system).
The fact is, you *can* and in fact *must* trust governments and other hierarchies to some degree to function in our current society (TCP/IP is, for example, a form of hierarchical governance that I assume you trust to some degree to move data around :-). We do so all the time -- to an extent, a healthy government is reflecting the needs of the people. The point of the US Constitution and other similar things was to create some sort of healthy balance. That does not always mean hierarchies are always right, or that there are not areas they are less worthy of trust than others, or that they can't become dysfunctional (even if just to subsets of the population), or that they don't need to be renewed someway from time to time.
Just because one current government is dysfunctional does not mean the idea of some form of collective governance itself is dysfunctional:
   Dark Age Ahead is a 2004 book by Jane Jacobs describing what she sees as the decay of five key "pillars" in the U.S. and Canada. She argues that this decay threatens to create a dark age unless the trends are reversed. Jacobs characterizes a dark age as a "mass amnesia"[1] where even the memory of what was lost is lost. The pillars Jacobs lists as under threat are:[2]
     * community and family
     * higher education
     * science and technology
     * taxes and government responsive to citizen's needs
     * self-policing by the learned professions
Government can be responsive to people's needs. Government is more responsive in some ways in Western Europe. Not all ways, and I'm sure people here from this list could point out many failings as could I (though some of those failings have directly to do with dealing with the USA as essentially a failing state).
There are different sorts of problems possible when you look at a balance of meshworks and hierarchies. When you have too much strong hierarchical government at one end you have things like global wars and police states, but when you have too little government you can have endless local feuding. When you have too little meshwork it may cost too much to get anything done, but when you have too much meshwork it may be impossible to get anything done and have it stay done. And then, as Manuel de Landa suggests, there are layers built on interfaces between levels (where a strong standard may support immense diversity, or excessive diversity may encourage the response of a strong standard at a new level).
Are you against TCP/IP as a standard? :-)
   There may be good reasons we could have something better (and some work towards that), but it works OK right now for billions of users. One might say, what does TCP/IP have to do with governments, and what I mean here is, TCP/IP represents a collective agreement by billions of people about how to move digital data around, where you can *trust* other people to honor it (in 99.99999%+ of the cases). Without that level of trust, our global communications network would break down. Ah, but you might say, nobody "voted" for TCP/IP on the global level. It just sort of emerged from a lot of other possible standards (in part through support by parts of the US government and some influential big corporations). OK, but that is still an example of governance in action to create a hierarchy that governs most of our online activities at one level.
Part of moving beyond our current stuck state IMHO is to see this broader issue Manuel de Landa raises of meshworks, hierarchies, and interfaces, and think about how they apply to all sorts of infrastructure.
We have no choice but to trust hierarchies to some degree (whether formal governments, ideological consensus, technical standards, aspects of the scientific community process, key web sites, key corporations, etc.), so again my question, how can we make governments for the information age that are more trustworthy, however they are organized at the moment?
Transparency seems to be part of that, for example. But so might be other Socially, just because you have an encrypted connection to someone does not mean necessarily that you can "trust" them in every way. What will that person or service do with the information you supply? That is part of the whole Google DNS issue -- even if you have an encrypted session with Google, what will Google do with the information you supply it? Why should a discussion with an individual be any different?
Again, from the trusted computing video mentioned above, some text:
   "Trust. Trust is the personal belief in correctness of something. It is the deep conviction of truth and rightness, and cannot be enforced. If you gain someone?s trust, you have established an interpersonal relationship, based on communication, shared values and experiences. Trust always depends on (Found via the "evil"? :-) Google cache:   "I prefer technology forms leading to empowerment of individuals, not more control for superpersonal organisation forms. Encryption as a means for privacy, strong authentication, trust and tamper-hardening are key parts of that of that technology box."
That limited version is that such technologies can have an important role in providing a healthy balance among meshworks and hierarchies. But, I also think such technologies can only play that role when the system overall social is working somewhat well (and so, as above, there is some degree of trust about shared values and experiences and a history of communication across the network). I'll outline below in response to other points you made why I think that and why I don't think encryption by itself addresses all those issues.
Well, sometimes it is better to accept defeat in one area and then move onto other strategies for social change. :-) If you assume all your communications are archived and monitored, you can structure them in different ways to have a different effect.
Still, to the extent I agree with you, I think one can talk about a healthy balance, accepting both social and technological limits.
I also think the two interact -- technology changes the nature of social/political problems sometimes, and social/political issues affect the nature of technical problems sometimes.
Sure. Slashdot's "Your Rights Online" feed provides plenty of public information about these things, for example.
      "Woman Filming Sister's Birthday Party Gets Charged With Felony Movie But also, for broad searches:
      Think about it. Whatever kind of crypto you were using in 1988 has most likely either been broken or can be brute forced with computers literally a million times more powerful now than then for the same price. Whatever you sent then is now decryptable. Has someone archived it? Who knows. But, to be prudent, you can assume the answer is yes.
How many things like this are there out there?
   "Debian Bug Leaves Private SSL/SSH Keys Guessable"
   You mention but then seem to handwave away critical issues of security. A chain is only as strong as its weakest link. If people pick poor passwords, or if they are informers or on the payroll of someone you don't know about, or if they are just confused, then all your communications are at risk.
"Admins warned of brute-force SSH attacks"
"Defending against brute force ssh attacks"
Rhetorically (I don't want to know), how secure are the systems you talk to, even via Tor? Do you really know for sure? Who really implemented Tor? For what purpose? Can you trust them?
Rhetorically (I don't want to know), how secure are the humans you talk to out there on the internet via secure channels in terms of password choice? Even if someone is trustworthy now, even a blood relative you've know from birth, how will they be next year after being tortured or brainwashed or recruited by a cult?
Did you write the crypto routines yourself based on a perfect understanding of advanced mathematics? If not, why do you chose to trust certain "disciplined minds" with PhDs to do it when they have been subjected to cult-like indoctrination? It is fairly straightforward to monitor home wireless networks. Many people have them. So, a common weak link, especially for techy people.
Did you make all the circuitry yourself from sand? If not, what is in there? Who knows? This trick has been played against the USSR by the USA during the cold war.
Do you really know what your hard disk is doing? Does it have a remote data dump mode you don't know about it via local radio or other means?
More than that, as you imply, people can put keyloggers or rootkits on your computers even if you make all the circuitry yourself from sand. How secure is the average home from intrusion by skilled professionals?
Do you have a printer on your network? How secure is it?
"Have Hackers Hacked Your Office Printer?"
How secure is you bluetooth-enabled phone so it cannot crack into your system if left on by your computer?
Do you use a CRT monitor? Well, anyone nearby can see what is on your monitor by RF emissions. Probably can as well for LCDs. Maybe the LCD panel has been designed somehow to make it easier.
Link after link on the chain. And it's not even a chain -- that would be easier -- it is an ever expanding network, with things like printers or attached storage or video game consoles on your network that could compromise all your other efforts. One of them is bound to be weak. Some people specialize in finding them.
Even if your chain (or network) is very strong at every possible link, then what about the future? Even if what you said were true about not brute-forcing cryptosystems, how certain are you that quantum computers for decryption won't be cheap and powerful in a decade or two? How sure are you that the Googleplex or the Cloud won't spend its idle time in twenty years decrypting everything you've ever transmitted as a "person of interest"?
Also, how certain are you about the future the people you have talked to in the past won't ever shift alliances or beliefs for whatever reason (even torture or blackmail)? Even if you use one time pads produced from true random numbers like produced by radioactive decay (the only really good crypto), then you still rely on trusting the other people with the pads not to turn them over to someone else.
   Although, even then, with one time pads, you give away who you talk to and for how long.
In general, security needs to be woven throughout a system end-to-end from every stage of design. How many systems that people really use have had that kind of design? And even then, how many have been designed as a system? And then how fallable are the people who use them?
By the time you add all that up, one can ask, is using crypto really someplace the average person wants to spend their time worrying about compared to working in the clear? It is always an issue of costs to whom vs. benefits to whom?
Of course, one may argue that if everyone used crypto for everything it would make it that much harder for anyone else to understand all the network traffic, and depending on your other beliefs, that might be a good thing (or a bad thing).
As above, it may all be compromiseable fairly easily. In the end, like a gun for personal defense or a lock to keep out intruders, crypto doesn't get you anywhere by itself (or that much security against a determined adversary with resources on a vastly larger scale than you). And the adversary might not care who *else* gets hurt in the process; example:
   "The Waco Siege[11] began on February 28, 1993 when the United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms (ATF) attempted to execute a search warrant at the Branch Davidian ranch at Mount Carmel, a property located nine miles (14 km) east-northeast of Waco, Texas. An exchange of gunfire resulted in the deaths of four agents and six followers of David Koresh. A subsequent 51-day siege by the Federal Bureau of Investigation ended on April 19 when fire destroyed the compound. Seventy-six people (24 of them British nationals)[12] died in the fire, including more than 20 children and two pregnant women and then-Davidian leader Vernon Wayne Howell, better known as David Koresh."
What will be the Waco equivalent for encryption?
I'd suggest any idea worth talking about to save our civilization from itself is worth talking about in the clear, at least given what still remains of our democracy, which in not insubstantial. Ultimately, we won't see social change unless a lot of people begin to imagine new possibilities (based on human values) and talk about them, and in turn change our collective governance system to reflect those new ideas.
If you work in the clear, you have a chance to influence even the hearts and minds of government bureaucrats. :-) Maybe some are irredeemable, but most are likely sincerely trying to do as good a job as they can under difficult Sure, if everyone in the USA were to use encryption, the government would have a harder time looking at every message. But we'd also have vast social change if everyone in the USA were to vote for, say, Ralph Nader, Dennis Kuncinich, and Ron Paul (some sort of Triumvirate? :-)
So, a decision to focus on encryption over other social change is potentially challengeable as "fatalism" of a political kind. :-)
As above, Debian was compromised for years. What about Microsoft? How good are algorithmic random number generators anyway? What else is compromised unintentionally or intentionally to make analysis tractable to those with computers a million times faster than average? And everyone will have such computers in two decades or so. So, you are making other assumptions here. Also, what sort of things will computers a million times faster be able to do in terms of AI applied to pure mathematics and breaking old crypto? Also quantum computers break most current crypto (short of one time pads from true random sources). Again, the safe assumption from a political activist point of view is that access to information will be at best delayed, or at worse possibly accelerated.
A bright side of all the logging is that in a few decades there will be a wonderful official archive of this period of time for people to explore. And maybe even resurrect digital beings from it, if that is ethical and desireable.  :-)
   Whatever one can say about other aspects of it, the release of the 9/11 pager data is a fantastic resource for future historians.
"Mobile: Wikileaks Publishes 500,000 9/11 Pager Messages"
Anyway, I'm going to avoid commenting on other issues there.
I guess so. :-)
But who really knows what exactly to make of something like this:
   "First 'Quantum Computer Chips' Demonstrated "
   First off, one can organize many sorts of legal demonstrations in the USA. Many strikes are legal. So, encryption is not essential to social change in that sense. Ideally, protest organizers want the police and justice system on their side as much as possible. One way to do that is to be as transparent as possible. We do still have a democracy of some sort in the USA, battered and wilting such as it is.
As for breaking the crypo. First, it may be broken now, because you don't know who is an informant and who is not, even if the crypto itself was any good. As for breaking crypto in twenty years, that may still be enough to put people in jail if illegal acts happened.
Anyway, I'm suggesting that in a way, crypto is a sign of fear. It is a dismissal of social strength in the context of social organization (at least in the USA). There are other approaches to social organizing. A focus on crypto may be misleading in that sense.
This is not to disagree entirely with your point, or even the value of digital signatures right now to minimize "agent provacateurs", and so on.
   But using crypto to keep everyone in a movement honest and acting legally is a different emphasis than most people might suggest who encourage it.
Not necessarily. Can you outline a plausible scenario that allows for broken-by-design crypto, quantum computing, or human informers?
I say something similar below.
"Incarceration in the United States"
The United States has the highest documented incarceration rate in the world.[3][4] It also has the highest total documented prison population in the world.[3][5][6] As of year-end 2007, a record 7.2 million people were behind bars, on probation, or on parole, with 2.3 million of those actually incarcerated.[7] More than 1 in 100 American adults were incarcerated at the start of 2008. The People's Republic of China ranks second with 1.5 million, while having four times the population, thus having only about 18% of the US incarceration rate.[8][9]
Still, right now, anyone in the USA becomes a felon just for receiving spam email with questionable content. So, how does encryption prevent that? It does not. It may even give people a false sense of security.
Still, in twenty years, we don't know how much of today's crypto will be compromised. So, it is possible that logs of Tor sessions and copies of hard drives made today can be decrypted easily in 2029, or even 2019 if there are backdoors and other unknowns. So, there is a whole possible positioning going on to entrap people down the road
How much other encryption is weak by design? How do you know you can trust the "disciplined minds" that created it?
   ?I have been waiting a long time for someone to write this book, and Jeff Schmidt has done it.  He exposes, in crystal-clear prose, the inevitably political nature of the professional in our society, and, most importantly, suggests a strategy for resistance. This is an extraordinary and valuable piece of writing.?
Original advisory details: A weakness has been discovered in the random number generator used by OpenSSL on Debian and Ubuntu systems. As a result of this weakness, certain encryption keys are much more common than they should be, such that an attacker could guess the key through a brute-force attack given minimal knowledge of the system. This particularly affects the use of encryption keys in OpenSSH, OpenVPN and SSL certificates.
Yes, that is why I thought is safe to suggest it could happen. :-)
OK, sure, we are always talking priorities, degrees of security, tradeoffs of convenience and usability for privacy, and so on. Tradeoffs. Not an all powerful magic wand or cloak of perfect invisibility.
But, the issue with digital data is that if it is recorded, even if encrypted, you don't know what future threats might be.
As is see it, we are in a race between the internet as wings to fly up in some transcendent way as a society and the internet as chains to drag us down into the depths. But, I think a focus on encryption may be misleading in that sense.
 >
Yes, a social argument that if everyone does it it will produce herd immunity somehow.
But the issue is, what does this really get you? What is the deeper point? If it is to keep government more accountable, can this be done in other ways more directly than playing "hide and seek" with paid professionals?
Also, again, you assume (maybe rightly, maybe wrongly) that existing crypto really works even now, with all the other issues.
Also, as long as the core social dysfunction you are implicitly worrying about (excessive government power) is not dealt with in other ways, what is to keep the USA from just adopting UK style laws (to hand over passwords) on this next year? Nothing.
At the very least, the laws (from government) and the technology need to work together. Let's say you are right about the value of this. Then should it be enshrined in the constitution? Is it already?
What does this mean in the digital age?
"The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized."
I disagree. If it is not for the most part peaceful and not-violent it is all over.
One of these could be put on every street corner in the USA for about the cost of a traffic light soon as costs drop:
""Samsung develops machine gun sentry robot costs $200k"
"Samsung has partnered with Korea university and developed the machine-gun equipped robotic sentry. It is equipped with two cameras with zooming capabilities one for day time and one for infrared night vision. It has a sophisticated pattern recognition which can detect the difference between humans and trees, and a 5.5mm machine-gun. The robot also has a speaker to warn the intruder to surrender or get a perfect headshot. The robots will go on sale by 2007 for $ 200,000 and will be deployed on the border between North and South Korea."
Lots of stuff here:
   I just doubt "the people" will win that one. And even if they could, the casualties would be enormous.
"Studies of social movements in the United States also show that the necessary social disruption has to be created through the principled use of strategic nonviolence. Any form of violence, whether property damage or physical battles with opponents and police, will turn off the great majority of Americans and bring down overwhelming police and military repression."
What better way to show a peaceful intent than by operating in the clear in a slow and obvious way? Sure, there are some obvious disruptions that would be illegal and shut down. But, frankly, there is nothing that keeps anyone legally from organizing a hundred million people attending a conference in Washington DC on single payer health care, or keeps people from getting a hundred million people to make free music.
Like owning a handgun, crypto, in that sense, is just an easy out to think one is doing something about true intrinsic mutual security, when one might really not be doing that much (or might even be making things go backwards).
Still, I half-agree. Digital signatures can be a good thing. Crypto deters some casual identity theft. Crypto in the form of digital signatures might be useful in preventing agent provocateurs from the government or big businesses messing up peaceful protests or peer production on free digital But sure, if we *had* a progressive trascendent society (like in James P. Hogan's Voyage for Yesteryear") then crypto might be a great default, on the argument locks keep honest people honest. What I'm suggesting here is that it realistically can't do much more than that. If you are seriously worried about the US government taking action on clear text messages (as in relation to social organizing) then you might just as well be worried about being imprisoned or killed for using crypto by a future government even less accountable than what we have now.
Can you give many plausible scenarios where crypto would make a big positive difference in social organizing in the USA?
And if you can, then how can we more directly address whatever issues about trust and governance that are raised by that?
Writing things like this reply? :-)
In general, I'm trying to help people see a way to move beyond scarcity assumptions. Even the assumption of a scarcity of good governance? :-)
I'm more focused on the next decade or two. :-)
Besides, we already have that kind of "mindrot" technology the Emergents use in that story to "focus" people. It is called "graduate school": :-)
   "Review of Jeff Schmidt's Disciplined Minds: A Critical Look at Salaried Professionals and the Soul-Battering System that Shapes their Lives"
   "Where the book most obviously goes beyond usual critical analyses of professions is in the final part, "Resistance." Schmidt begins by drawing an analogy between professional training and ideological indoctrination in cults. He recognizes that students have many more opportunities to organize and resist than typical cult members. Nevertheless, he argues that "life in graduate or professional school can be very much like life in a cult - and that for students who aren?t careful, it will be." (p. 218). He then looks at the characteristic features of totalistic organizations, such as big promises, control of the milieu, no questioning of authority, and shaming. He gives examples from professional training reflecting each of these The pendulum swings -- sometimes slowly.
Or as Manuel de Landa might suggest, another level of diversity might get built on a level of uniformity.
Ah, but see, I worked with the IBM Speech group. :-)
Speech recognition software is not that useful for replacing keyboards, but it is great for indexing audio and video data at this point. (Not what I worked on there, but the defense department supports a lot of that work -- all part of the public record.)
Besides, Google sells to the formal government.
Except that why does "resistance" have to be "underground" in a democracy such as we still have?
And where does "resistance" get you, except to slow things down?
We need progression in some good direction, not resistance to getting worse. We need public movements that are very visible.
Positive psychology. Take what is good an amplify it in a very open an public way.
   True. Not even now. When I was at IBM Research a decade ago, I was told it was a pale shadow of what it had been like in the freewheeling 1970s.
IBM then had many of the best mechanical engineers in the nation from working on the IBM Selectric typewriter and printer. Then they all got told to become programmers, and it was not what most of them wanted to do. So, we a planet took all those great mechanical engineers (what robots they could have made, but IBM ditched that division) and turned them into a bunch of mediocre unmotivated unhappy programmers pining away for the good old days. Imagine what solar collectors those mechanical engineers could have made.
Very little basic research goes on anymore anywhere as a percentage of funding. But even a little still makes a big difference.
I don't see that. We are already in that failure mode. We need alternatives, but I just don't see why they need to be secret. Debian GNU/Linux and Wikipedia and much other free stuff are changing the landscape of things.
I'm not saying encryption can not be useful -- just that overemphasizing it seems to me to be problematical. And linking back to the initial topic of Google having too much power, that is not as big of an issue if Google is restricted by other ways. Europe has stronger privacy laws, for example. If I had to choose between strong privacy laws and encryption, which is really better? Still, ideally, they would go together.
I think my points are a bit more nuanced than that. :-)
Sure. But does encryption really do much about that other than feed the paranoia on the government and business side?
There's this scene in Voyage from Yesteryear where a main character, Sergeant Steve Colman, has his platoon walk out into the open with guns lowered, rather than make a foolish direct assault against some point they would have been sure to lose, as a way of getting the other people they were advancing on to switch sides. A huge risk. But the option otherwise would be certain death.
Except, as I said, not everyone agrees with their entire platform (Marshall Brain's system disagrees on "privacy").
But in general, yes, they are heading in a good direction.
But overall, I'd suggest they lack some positive vision of the future (at least I have not seen one, maybe you can point me at one).
"We wish to change global legislation to facilitate the emerging information society,  which is characterized by diversity and openness. We do this by requiring an  increased level of respect for the citizens and their right to privacy, as well as reforms to copyright and patent law."
That sounds nice, but it doesn't really deal directly with the scarcity assumptions. Stuff like a basic income or a gift economy or improved local subsistence or better organizations that do better planning or sustainable equitable production. They get the digital issues, but miss the larger link in their position statement.
Sure, but important to the USA which in turn affects the world.
Not surprising. :-)
Misses the point. Were Japanese Americans in the USA imprisoned with ease even with guns all around? All it took was issuing letters and so on. Would you not report to a detention camp if requested? Seriously? Let's say you get a certified letter in the mail saying you need to report for temporary detention somewhere based on, say, using Tor (if made illegal), or you will be arrested an imprisoned. Would you not go? You going to start shooting? Who?
   "Motive probed in Fort Hood shooting rampage"
  What's the point? Did that army psychiatrist gain any sympathy by his actions? What would it accomplish? It will only give the SWAT teams more    "Mayor wants federal probe after SWAT raids house, kills dogs"
   and, if anything, get the rest of the public to say that they know people who use encryption are up to no good and should all be locked up.
Guns are a false sense of security for most people. Maybe that is why Western Europe is not a more democratic place? Because the people don't have the crutch of guns and so take the ballot box more seriously than the ammo box?
There are many degrees of intensity of civil war.
There is a civil war ongoing right now in a sense, about issues of scarcity and abundance, like the Pirate Party begins to talk about. Let's try to keep it from getting too bloody.
Not sure which parts you mean? From:
   For current-day egalitarians, a commitment to the freedoms and democratic procedures won by past egalitarians can provide the primary foundation for the practice of nonviolence, although some of them also draw upon their religious values as well. This democratic commitment has the added virtue of narrowing the gap between egalitarians and mainstream liberals. In addition, a nonviolence orientation can be sustained by the knowledge that it helps to keep the egalitarian movement itself more democratic; it ensures that violence-prone dominators will not take over the movement and subvert its democratic aims. As many historical cases suggest, the most violent people soon rise to the top once the possibility of violence is introduced, and they often use their loyal followers to intimidate or kill rivals.
   Most of the people who advocate strategic nonviolence are aware that it cannot work outside of what are at least quasi-democratic contexts. It is hard to imagine that strategic nonviolence would work for slaves in ancient empires, Jews in Nazi Germany, or critics in Saddam Hussein's Iraq. It did, however, play a role in the abolition of slavery in England and the United States, and the courageous activists did have a hand in the transformation of the Soviet Union. Still, dictatorships of any kind usually only fall when there are disagreements among those at or near the top, or if external challenges to the power structure give the oppressed some new openings. There are few instances where dictatorships have been overcome internally by the oppressed majority.
   But given the freedoms, civil liberties, and voting rights achieved by a long line of American egalitarians and liberals, there is no end that could be justified by violence, property destruction, or armed struggle in this country. Such actions undercut the democratic rights won by past egalitarians and play into the hands of the government, which has the power to isolate and defeat any violent movement. Furthermore, property damage and armed struggle of any kind are overwhelmingly rejected by the vast majority of the American people. Due to their appreciation of the freedoms they do enjoy, and despite the economic unfairness they recognize and experience, average Americans are repelled by violent political acts, whether by right wingers or left wingers. If the goal is to build a larger movement that connects to a strategy to take over and transform the Democratic Party, not just to force the authorities to react to one or another provocation with slight reforms, then violence makes no sense. It is therefore both immoral and counterproductive for American egalitarians to employ violent strategies. Or, as Cesar Chavez used to say about violence when he was leading the farm worker's movement, it's wrong and it's stupid.
But with that said, people in such a movement may have to be willing to give up their lives for what they believe (e.g. Martin Luther King), but that is not the same as being willing to take a life.
Sure. But it is not yet against the law to give away stuff for free. And even if it was, is charging a penny enough? :-) But yes, the paradigm is in play. There will be resistance to such changes; there has been lots of it already. I'd suggest the great sweep of history will move beyond RIAA and MPAA and so on at some point. There might well be terrible crackdowns and mass imprisonment in the USA. Ultimately, I can hope we will move beyond it

@_date: 2009-12-07 21:27:01
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] interview on cuba's agricultural transformation 
Thanks. I agree this is probably a case where the market would probably function pretty well and pretty quickly. And you have a great point on the microgenerators and regrowth of tooling. Although people voted down my proposal for advance planning for this: :-)
  "21,000 Flexible Public Fabrication Facilities across the USA"
  Within a year of oil going above a hundred dollars a barrel people were starting to do stuff. It's the fluctuating up and down widely in price that is more of a problem it seems (as Michel rightly pointed out a while back as a big problem in planning alternatives).
I also agree on the general issue of technology. One can't make estimates of how society would respond to different situations without considering what technology we have right now, which generally is in advance of what we see in the market.
As is said here: :-)
   "Because any related [job-related economic] predictions or suggestions rely on assumptions about human nature, embody political values, or entail speculating about the potential of future technology, there is much room for uncertainty and disagreement"
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-07 21:36:38
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
With all the focus on the "singularity" (AI bootstrapping itself to superhuman capabilities, which can be questioned) it seems people easily miss the simple idea that if robots and AI are just close to human capabilities, they can replace most human workers, especially as many tasks can be re-engineered to be less demanding of some skills. That would be the end of economics as we know it, since there would be no way for most humans to sell their labor in the market. I'd suggest it is happening even now.
The tragedy in all this is that the trends are obvious between AI, robotics, and 3D printing (and social networking and free software and other things) that mainstream economics based around scarcity-management and the sale of human labor is ending in, at the latest, a couple of decades, but governments are not taking any steps to deal with this in a coherent and positive way. (Like embrace it.) From: :-)
  While this may seem to be purely a technical argument about whether such devices can exist or how soon we will have them (or even, questioning just what we can do with the computers and robots and flexible manufacturing devices we have even now), the consequences in terms of planning social policy and related economic issues are profound. For example, what do fifty year projections for, say, the US Social Security trust fund mean if the entire monetary economy as we know it may not exist in two decades? What would health care costs be in 2029 if we could mass-produce robotic doctors, robotic ambulances, and even robotic nursebots (like Sebastian Thrun has worked towards)? Or what would costs be if people could print out most medical devices (or even most drugs) at home on demand using nanotech-based 3D printers? Likewise, two decades is about how long it would take a child born in 2009 to enter the work force after college in 2030 -- what type of jobs or culture should such children be preparing for if 3D printing replaces much manufacturing, and if robotics/AI and a freely produced commons replaces most services? What would the economy be like in even just ten years if society decided much of the work done globally now is mainly about guarding or is make-work based on scarcity assumptions that are out-of-date just in relation to technology we have today (especially given movements towards voluntary simplicity or environmentalism)? If we were to embrace the prospect of a gift economy and global abundance through 3D printing, improved robotics, better design, better materials, and so on, then our societal spending patterns might shift greatly, even now, in terms of less worries about long-term deficit spending to create millions of R&D jobs today developing advanced technology under free and open source licenses. In that sense, a gift economy may be an example of a self-fulfilling prophecy.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-07 21:39:33
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bruce E. Levine: Are Americans Too Broken for the 
Just to suggest I'm stupid: :-) (Marco should like this. :-)
   "Bruce E. Levine: Are Americans Too Broken for the Truth to Set Us Free?"
   When people get caught up in humiliating abuse syndromes, more truths about their oppressive humiliations don?t set them free. What sets them free is    What gives people morale? Encouragement. Small victories. Models of courageous behaviors. And anything that helps them break out of the vicious cycle of pain, shut down, immobilization, shame over immobilization, more pain, and more shut down.
   An elitist assumption is that people don?t change because they are either ignorant of their problems or ignorant of solutions. Elitist ?helpers? think they have done something useful by informing overweight people that they are obese and that they must reduce their caloric intake and increase exercise. An elitist who has never been broken by his or her circumstances does not know that people who have become demoralized do not need analyses and pontifications.  Rather the immobilized need a shot of morale.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-07 22:57:56
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2PU: Sharing Nicely 
From a blog run by (Jan) Philipp Schmidt:
   Very Short Bio
   (Jan) Philipp Schmidt is Director and co-founder of the Peer 2 Peer University, the original free and open online university and based in Cape Town. He is a board member of the OpenCourseWare Consortium, and holds a Shuttleworth Foundation fellowship. He has implemented OpenCourseWare projects at the University of the Western Cape and the United Nations University MERIT. He is an open education activist and researcher and doesn?t like writing about himself in the third person.
In June 2009, I received a Shuttleworth Foundation fellowship to get the Peer 2 Peer University up and running. The fellowship is structured in an unusual and very clever way that encourages (social) entrepreneurship. Fellows are able to reinvest some of their grant money (which they could also pay themselves as salary) to get access to additional funds. This investment is then multiplied by the foundation if the project is approved. It?s a great way to bootstrap new projects and I wrote a blog post about it.
   P2PU is taking up most of my time and I created a separate page (P2PU 360 Degrees) that gives more background and highlights some of my thinking around turning a ?dangerous idea? into a paradigm shifting initiative.
   Besides P2PU, I am involved in a number of things that broadly fall into the area of open collaborative resources. I have a position at the University of the Western Cape - where I do research and run projects in the area of open education; and work with the United Nations University MERIT where I am involved in research on Wikipedia as part of the Collaborative Creativity Group. I am also a board member of the OpenCourseWare Consortium, occasionally collaborate with the Mozilla Education team, and co-organised the Open Everything Cape Town event.
Anyway, maybe someone Michel might want to talk to?
(Antoine van Gelder, who has done OLPC things in South Africa, and who is now working on "afrimesh", mentioned Philipp's site to me when I mentioned this P2P list to him. I'll post a separate note on afrimesh.)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-07 23:02:52
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Afrimesh: an IP network for rural areas 
Regarding the subject of DIY/P2P physical networks people like Ted and Marco have recently written about.
 From a blog run by Antoine van Gelder:
   The ability to easily create an IP network in rural areas, developing countries and disaster zones can significantly contribute to the ability of people to communicate with each other.
   Afrimesh builds on top of the most excellent B.A.T.M.A.N. project to provide a simple management dashboard which enables network operators to create and sustain a resilient communications network with a minimum of fuss.
   For the first release we are working hard towards simplifying common tasks such as managing clients, maintaining network maps, monitoring the network and managing bandwidth. ...
   Future development direction will be largely determined by demand from users but some ideas that have already come up include customer billing management, telephony integration and support for building social apps that connect mesh users with each other. ....
Google code project:
   Antoine says this work is also being used by another interesting project supported by the Shuttleworth Foundation:
   "Village Telco: an easy-to-use, scalable, standards-based, wireless, local, do-it-yourself, telephone company toolkit"
So, maybe Africa will help save the Western world from itself, as regards the P2P issues and Google DNS and over-centralization that we've just been discussing? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-08 09:47:46
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
=?windows-1252?q?ING?=
 > I'm told printing flesh is increasingly possible...there are prototypes.
 > Instead of ink, we may soon have amino acids and proteins in jars attached
 > to printers.
 >
 > The times they are a-changin'.
 >
 > I have been a skeptic on the rapid AGI/robotics stuff until this year when
 > the trend lines clearly show major change.  MIT launched a 20 person
 > (faculty) AI/robotics program this week to re-found AI. I hear money is
 > starting to flow as people smell the prospects.
Today I thought of a parallel to global climate change politics, even as I think the evidence for the end of economics is enromously greater than for global climate change. :-) What I mean by that is that while we can see some trends for global climate change (with some noise, too), we don't fully know what to make of them (there is uncertainty in the effects). Also, we can fairly easily deal with them by some technology changes (a switch to renewables, or building seasteads) without much of a cultural change as far as fundamental capitalist values (it's just arguing about who should pay how much for remediation or pollution). The end of economics seems much clearer in many ways and much sooner than any global warming issues talked about happening by the end of this century.
But here is one parallel, after decades of warnings:
James Hansen, one of the world's most prominent climate scientists, announced that he would boycott of the COP15 summit in Copenhagen. As one of the first pioneers to bring global warming to the political arena with his 1988 Congressional testimony, Hansen also used this week's announcement to criticize world leaders who have politicized climate change since its acceptance into mainstream policy decisions. "We don't have a leader who is able to grasp it and say what is really needed. Instead we are trying to continue business as usual," said Hansen. The NASA scientist has been quoted to call cap and trade "no more appropriate to fight climate change than a V2 rocket was to get to the moon." He has also been deeply critical of the policies of the Obama administration in general, calling Obama's efforts "half-assed" in a recent interview with The Guardian. ...
   Hansen has been especially critical of those who would manipulate the public into believing that meaningful work was being done to protect the environment. His chief targets have politicians like Barack Obama, John Kerry, and Al Gore who widely promote cap and trade. "Governments going to Copenhagen claim to have goals for 2050, which they will achieve with the 'cap-and-trade' mechanism. They are lying through their teeth," said Hansen.
The CO2 taxes he outlines, mentioned here:
could fund a basic income for all (as I've suggested before), catching two birds with one net. :-)
Still, if the governments of the world took decades to come to putting in place defective half-measures for that, would they be expected any time soon   to deal with the end of economics as we know it in two decades or so? :-)
"Key dates in unfolding story of warming planet"
Actually, it is hard to say. Again, global climate change is dispersed, slow, non-obvious, bounces back and forth (some places cool, some warm), and so on. But the end of economics via 3D printing, robotics, and AI seems to be coming on more like a slow motion Hurricaine Katrina.
Oops, I guess the USA did not do much about that either. Even afterwards. :-(
Still, I can hope that the mix of warning and timescale might lead some governments to act well on these changes.
But in any case, even if governments are followers, not leaders, one can make other plans about dealing with these trends as individuals and communities and smaller organizations.
Robotics has had investments now and then, but some of this is faddish, and some relates to social dynamics. (There was an "AI Winter" just starting as I graduated from college, another aspect of my career path.)
I feel that more and more the *visual* evidence about robotics is more and more indisputable as you look at youtube videos.
"[p2p-research] Robot videos and P2P implications (was Re: A thirty year --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-08 09:58:03
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Loneliness May Be Contagious | Wired Science 
Staying socially connected may be just as important for public health as washing your hands and covering your cough. A new study suggests that feelings of loneliness can spread through social networks like the common cold. ...
   The results indicate that lonely people tend to move to the peripheries of social networks. But first, lonely people transmit their feeling of isolation to friends and neighbors.
   Feeling lonely doesn?t mean you have no connections, Cacioppo says. It only means those connections aren?t satisfying enough. Loneliness can start as a sense that the world is hostile, which then becomes a self-fulfilling    ?Loneliness causes people to be alert for social threats,? Cacioppo says. ?You engage in more self-protective behavior, which is paradoxically self-defeating.? Lonely people can become standoffish and eventually withdraw from their social networks, leaving their former friends less well-connected and more likely to mistrust the world themselves.
   Because loneliness is implicated in health problems from Alzheimer?s to heart disease, Cacioppo says, reconnecting to those who have fallen off the network may be vital for public health.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-08 10:21:44
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bruce E. Levine: Are Americans Too Broken for 
This is really insightful, especially about the demands that social change are placing on individuals to be more creative and adapting to fluid local situations. And yes, P2P can be demanding in that way. Although, again, Manuel de Landa's meshworks and hierarchies insight applies; for example, Alcoholics Anonymous twelve step programs get people to talk to each other peer to peer, but the process is formalized and so is hierarchical in that sense. And yes also, individuals can sometimes so stress the meshwork that it breaks locally (like a club or mailing list), whereas a more formal hierarchy would keep plodding along for someone with deep problems (like a nursing home).
And in general, I see the same pushback about homeschooling/unschooling or self-employment or having free unstructured time. Most people think they can't handle it and avoid it. And if they try it, most people flounder for a long time, until most people get the hang of making their own decisions again. But there is a huge fear of having to make decisions minute by minute. And, some personalities are happier with more structure than others. Something about that as far as the match of parent and child, but might apply to a match of community expectations and individual personality:
   "Millions of people use the framework of Personality Type to understand and make use of their strengths in all aspects of their lives. Now MotherStyles shows you how to use this powerful self-knowledge in parenting ?to be a happier, wiser and more effective mother. You'll learn good mothers come in many styles, no mother is perfect ? and why that's a good thing. "
On individuals thriving in different situations as you mention:
   "The Science of Success: Orchid Children"
  "Most of us have genes that make us as hardy as dandelions: able to take root and survive almost anywhere. A few of us, however, are more like the orchid: fragile and fickle, but capable of blooming spectacularly if given greenhouse care. So holds a provocative new theory of genetics, which asserts that the very genes that give us the most trouble as a species, causing behaviors that are self-destructive and antisocial, also underlie humankind?s phenomenal adaptability and evolutionary success. With a bad environment and poor parenting, orchid children can end up depressed, drug-addicted, or in jail?but with the right environment and good parenting, they can grow up to be society?s most creative, successful, and happy people."
I was reading yesterday the suggestion that in times of rapid social change with failing or fluid social institutions the individual needs more stability in friends and family (or other strengths). But the USA is weak in those too, because of the emphasis on stuff over community. What if some of it is even intentional, from "divide and conquer"?
More from that first article:
   The U.S. government-corporate partnership has used its share of guns and terror to break Native Americans, labor union organizers, and other dissidents and activists. But today, most U.S. citizens are broken by financial fears. There is potential legal debt if we speak out against a powerful authority, and all kinds of other debt if we do not comply on the job. Young people are broken by college-loan debts and fear of having no health insurance.
   The U.S. population is increasingly broken by the social isolation created by corporate-governmental policies. A 2006 American Sociological Review study (?Social Isolation in America: Changes in Core Discussion Networks over Two Decades?) reported that 25 percent of Americans did not have a single confidant in 2004 (10 percent of Americans lacked a single confidant in 1985). Sociologist Robert Putnam in Bowling Alone (2000) describes how social connectedness is disappearing in virtually every aspect of U.S. life. For example, there has been a significant decrease in face-to-face contact with neighbors and friends due to suburbanization, commuting, electronic entertainment, time and money pressures and other variables created by governmental-corporate policies. And union activities and other formal or informal ways that people give each other the support necessary to resist oppression have also decreased.
   We are also broken by a corporate-government partnership that has rendered most of us out of control when it comes to the basic necessities of life, including our food supply. And we, like many other people in the world, are broken by socializing institutions that alienate us from our basic humanity. A few examples: ...
That links also with my previous mention that loneliness can be contagious, making all these trends worse. It's like a weak human immune system from nutritional deficiencies (like little vitamin A, or vitamin D, or iodine, or vitamin C, or whatever) then is more susceptible to diseases like influenza, or less able to produce the most adaptive response (so, it is too little or too much).
But, I should have added, happiness can be contagious, too: :-)
Specifically, Christakis found that happiness is a little contagious within our small group of friends and family.
   That old study found that ?when a person becomes happy, a friend living close by has a 25 percent higher chance of becoming happy themselves. A spouse experiences an 8 percent increased chance and for next-door neighbors, it?s 34 percent.? In other words, happiness can be a little    Today, we discover the logical extension of this earlier research ? if happiness can be contagious, it stands to reason that other moods may also be, like loneliness.
Recessions can be good for most people's health somewhat as well: :-)
   "Recessions: Good for Our Health? The Great Depression was actually good for U.S. health, according to a new study."
   Maybe because people have time to rebuild social networks? Is the social infrastructure of social bridges any less valuable than the physical infrastructure of physical bridges? If you have to pick one, it seems like the social one is more important?
Anyway, a swirl of ideas. Leading to what? I don't know. :-)
But hopefully something more positive.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-08 10:42:30
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The bigger picture on health care (was Re: NY 
From there:
But what about broader public health challenges? What if breast cancer in the United States has less to do with insurance or mammograms and more to do with contaminants in our water or air -- or in certain plastic containers in our kitchens? What if the surge in asthma and childhood leukemia reflect, in part, the poisons we impose upon ourselves?
   This last week I attended a fascinating symposium at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York, exploring whether certain common chemicals are linked to breast cancer and other ailments.
An article that relates to that from another angle:
"Even If Obama Passed Single Payer, Primary Care Doctors Still Wouldn't Get It"
      Sociologist Zygmunt Bauman has recently written a series of books that describes our ?Liquid Life? and ?Liquid Times.? By liquid he elaborates Marx?s idea that under capitalism, ?all that is solid melts into air.? Bauman describes our current culture as moving from a solid to liquid phase in which social forms can no longer keep their shape for long, leaving us unable to keep up with change. This is made worse by the ?gradual yet consistent withdrawal or curtailment of communal, state-endorsed insurance against individual failure and ill fortune [which] deprives collective action of much of its past attraction and saps the social foundations of social solidarity.? According to Bauman, ?this promotes division, not unity; it puts a premium on competitive attitudes, while degrading ... team work to the rank of temporary strategems that need to be ... terminated the moment their benefits have been used up (Bauman 2007:2-3).?
   Simply put, we are in need of communal care now more than ever.
   Doctors call themselves primary caregivers. Are they fitting the bill?
   Let?s be frank. The primary causes of preventable illness, injury and disease ? capitalist social relations ? need to become the ?primary cares? of medicine. The Alma Ata Declaration of 1978, for all its imperfections, came close to implying as much.
   As David Sanders, MD, argued long ago, the fundamental causes of ill health are out of the control of [the biomedical profession], and ?indeed, any open recognition of the real causes would call into question the very system that allows [medical professionals] to own and market their commodity (Sanders p. 117).?
In my own life I'm seeing that several health issues I've had or others in my family have had could be more signs of nutritional deficiencies (or reactions) than anything else (because nutritional issues can lead to weaknesses that lead to specific problems, some reparable by improving nutrition, some not). But having been to doctors about such issues, the advice we get in terms of time spent in discussions is generally not about nutrition (or related behavior) but about drugs and surgeries or coping strategies.  I have no doubt drugs and surgeries are useful in the right situation, but one would think they should come after the basics are fixed up if they are still needed. Compare, say, the lengthy advice one might get from a doctor on a common issue for computer users, dry eyes, with the details here:
   "Dry Eye Syndrome: What is the Cause? Is there a Cure? "
        Doctors can often know what is wrong with us better than we know ourselves, but not always. With scientific curiosity and experimentation I've already cured myself of several things my doctors said I would live with for the rest of my life! Here are the "incurable" things I've beaten (or were mis-diagnosed) so far:
         1. back problems (exercise, eat right, get a better bed!)
         2. cavities including the need for a root canal (info here)
         3. gastric reflux (stop sugar, red spagetti sauce & caffine, loosen belt, stop stomach acid drugs, sleep slightly elevated.)
         4. asthma (caused in my case by air pollution and stomach acid coming up and causing shortness of breath. Exercise, take vitamin c daily, drink enough water)
         5. " panic attacks " (caused, again in my case, by stomach acid coming up and getting in my lungs causing shortness of breath, plus the shakes and some heart irregularities as a side effect of the stomach acid drugs, and sleep deprivation from being a workaholic. I've been under much more mental stress subsequently, to the point of not being able to sleep for three days straight, but never did my misdiagnosed 'panic' symptoms re-appear. Regular moderate exercise is important here too.)
     So, Dry Eye Syndrome is said by experts to be incurable, but I don't buy it.
But doctors are constrained in the time they have with people who come to see them, as well as how involved they can get in the lives of others. Patch Adams talks about that (Robin Williams in the movie on his life has a scene on that), that he likes to see people at home an snoop in their closets -- to really understand people and their health needs.
That point is made in the counterpunch article in another way, in the context of essentially peer medicine, where the journalist goes to the home of someone who came in with a problem that is in good part just loneliness.  From there:
After the doctor left, Neal ?confessed? that her ?sweet tooth? prevented her from follow ing the recommended diet. Almost as proof, she invited me over for some homemade mince pie.
   Neal seemed eager to have someone listen to her troubles and welcomed the chance to share details of her life story. Her story was indeed one of suffering. Years ago her husband had lost both arms in a chain saw accident and he had recently died. She had lost a middle-aged son to can cer and a brother to a tractor accident. ?He was pulling up stumps for firewood and the wheels ran over him.? Neal?s three other children had long ago left for distant parts of the country. In 1979, the wiring company where she worked moved south to Missis sippi. In the ensuing months she had sought mental health counseling but found that she could not afford it. She had been unemployed since then. Her husband, near the end of his life, had ?found the Lord? but Neal found his proselytizing difficult to handle. ?I?d rather he?d have been an alcoholic,? she said.
   Neal told none this to her physician. But behind the clinical constructions of ?presenting complaints? was a world of struggle that went unelicited, unattended, and untreated.
So, there is a real difference in that sense in what peer medicine or community-based medicine can do compared to what a "doctor" in an "office" can do. I'm not saying medical knowledge is not important, or that scientific studies are not important. I'm more saying the system is deeply broken. Somehow peers can be part of fixing it. Somehow.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-08 19:46:00
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The bigger picture on health care 
Another indirectly related item to the scale of possible changes:
"$232 Billion Personalized Medicine Market to Grow 11 Percent Annually, says NEW YORK, Dec. 8 /PRNewswire/ -- The market for personalized medicine in the United States is already $232 billion, and it is projected to grow 11 percent annually, according to a new report published today by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, entitled The Science of Personalized Medicine: Translating the Promise into Practice. Personalized medicine, which targets individualized treatment and care based on personal and genetic variation, is creating a booming market, but it is a disruptive innovation that PricewaterhouseCoopers says will create both opportunities and challenges for traditional healthcare and emerging market participants.
   PricewaterhouseCoopers projects that the market for a more personalized approach to health and wellness will grow to as much as $452 billion by 2015. Its estimates are based on a broad view of the market opportunity beyond drugs and devices to also include demand for high-tech storage and data-sharing as well as low-tech products and services aimed at consumers' heightened awareness of their own health risks.
   According to the report:
     * The core diagnostic and therapeutic segment of the market - comprised primarily of pharmaceutical, medical device and diagnostics companies - is estimated at $24 billion and is expected to grow by 10 percent annually, reaching $42 billion by 2015.
     * The personalized medical care portion of the market - including telemedicine, health information technology and disease management services offered by traditional health and technology companies - is estimated at $4 billion to $12 billion and could grow tenfold to over $100 billion by 2015 if telemedicine takes off.
     * The related nutrition and wellness market - including retail, complementary and alternative medicine offered by consumer products, food and beverage, leisure and retail companies - is estimated at $196 billion and is projected to grow 7 percent annually to over $290 billion by 2015.
   The growth of personalized medicine will change the role of traditional healthcare organizations and create new challenges. Most notably, it is one of the market forces driving the changing business model of Big Pharma away from the blockbuster drug model to a more collaborative model focused on outcomes and specialized therapies.
   Primary care providers may have to build new service lines around prevention and wellness in order to replace revenues lost from traditional medical procedures. When they do, they can expect to face low-cost competition from non-healthcare companies skilled in consumer marketing and consumers armed with knowledge of their options. In addition, physicians will need training in genomics and proteomics in order to stay relevant in the area of personalized medicine. To educate the next generation of physicians and nurses in the complex issues raised by genomic and proteomic science, universities will have to update their programs.
   How payers approach personalized medicine will be critical, as their reimbursement schemes will influence the business models of pharma and diagnostics companies as well as providers who depend on third-party payment. Payers that want to embrace the new science will have to rethink how they define coverage. Insurance premiums today are based on actuarial statistics that apply to large, predictable populations. By contrast, personalized medicine targets small populations which are far less stable and predictable from an actuarial standpoint.
   "There is an urgent need to increase the value of healthcare, but we can't get there by fixing the healthcare of yesterday. We need to replace our current focus on treating disease with a better approach that is personalized, preventive, predictive and participatory, the basic tenants of personalized medicine," said Gerald McDougall, principal in charge of personalized medicine and health sciences, PricewaterhouseCoopers. "Greater collaboration around personalized medicine should be a key strategy for health reform."
So, this is obviously potentially a huge big money area for P2P. It eventually may be orders of magnitude bigger in terms of dollar amounts that shift how they are spent than, say, P2P related to Wikipedia, online news, or free software like GNU/Linux. The specific shape of P2P in relation to that is still up in the air though. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-09 09:36:39
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On scientific integrity, Climategate, and P2P 
Rex Murphy questions the scientific integrity in parts of the climate research community (based on the recent emails released) here:
   "Rex Murphy on Climategate"
   The problem is that what is talked about by Rex Murphy extends to most or all of science, especially from corporate involvement, too, but he does not go there.
In the case of climate change, people can still be right even if business-as-usual in academia is problematical. But, as Freeman Dyson (a long critic of the PhD system) points out too, the social process around that information can be broken:
   "Heretical Thoughts about Science and Society" by Freeman Dyson
  There is no doubt that parts of the world are getting warmer, but the warming is not global. I am not saying that the warming does not cause problems. Obviously it does. Obviously we should be trying to understand it better. I am saying that the problems are grossly exaggerated. They take away money and attention from other problems that are more urgent and more important, such as poverty and infectious disease and public education and public health, and the preservation of living creatures on land and in the oceans, not to mention easy problems such as the timely construction of adequate dikes around the city of New Orleans.
James P. Hogan writes in his "Kicking the Sacred Cow" something similar:
"The factors bringing this about are various. Massive growth of government funding and the direction of science since World War II have produced symbiotic institutions which, like the medieval European Church, sell out to the political power structure as purveyors of received truth in return for protection, patronage, and prestige. Sometimes vested commercial interests call the tune. In areas where passions run high, ideology and prejudice find it easy to prevail over objectivity. Academic turf, like any other, is defended against usurpers and outside invasion. Some readily trade the anonymity and drudgery of the laboratory for visibility as celebrities in the public limelight. Peer pressure, professional image, and the simple reluctance to admit that one was wrong can produce the same effects at the collective level as they do on individuals."
Compare with broader statements about the loss of scientific integrity by these other sources:
David Goodstein (previously Vice Provost of Caltech) has been writing (and even testifying to Congress) on this for at least two decades in relation to the ending of the exponential growth of academia in the 1970s:
   "The Big Crunch" by David Goodstein
   The public and the scientific community have both been shocked in recent years by an increasing number of cases of fraud committed by scientists. There is little doubt that the perpetrators in these cases felt themselves under intense pressure to compete for scarce resources, even by cheating if necessary. As the pressure increases, this kind of dishonesty is almost sure to become more common.
   Other kinds of dishonesty will also become more common. For example, peer review, one of the crucial pillars of the whole edifice, is in critical danger. Peer review is used by scientific journals to decide what papers to publish, and by granting agencies such as the National Science Foundation to decide what research to support. Journals in most cases, and agencies in some cases operate by sending manuscripts or research proposals to referees who are recognized experts on the scientific issues in question, and whose identity will not be revealed to the authors of the papers or proposals. Obviously, good decisions on what research should be supported and what results should be published are crucial to the proper functioning of science.
   Peer review is usually quite a good way to identify valid science. Of course, a referee will occasionally fail to appreciate a truly visionary or revolutionary idea, but by and large, peer review works pretty well so long as scientific validity is the only issue at stake. However, it is not at all suited to arbitrate an intense competition for research funds or for editorial space in prestigious journals. There are many reasons for this, not the least being the fact that the referees have an obvious conflict of interest, since they are themselves competitors for the same resources. This point seems to be another one of those relativistic anomalies, obvious to any outside observer, but invisible to those of us who are falling into the black hole. It would take impossibly high ethical standards for referees to avoid taking advantage of their privileged anonymity to advance their own interests, but as time goes on, more and more referees have their ethical standards eroded as a consequence of having themselves been victimized by unfair reviews when they were authors. Peer review is thus one among many examples of practices that were well suited to the time of exponential expansion, but will become increasingly dysfunctional in the difficult future we face.
A related book on progressive desensitization in things like ethics:
   "Mistakes Were Made (But Not by Me): Why We Justify Foolish Beliefs, Bad Decisions, and Hurtful Acts":
   Social psychologists Tavris and Aronson, each of whom has published other works, here tackle "the inner workings of self-justification," the mental gymnastics that allow us to bemoan the mote in our brother's eye while remaining blissfully unaware of the beam in our own. Their prose is lively, their research is admirable and their examples of our arrogant follies are entertaining and instructive.
"Jeff Schmidt's Disciplined Minds: A Critical Look at Salaried Professionals and the Soul-Battering System that Shapes their Lives"
In this riveting book about the world of professional work, Jeff Schmidt demonstrates that the workplace is a battleground for the very identity of the individual, as is graduate school, where professionals are trained. He shows that professional work is inherently political, and that professionals are hired to subordinate their own vision and maintain strict ?ideological "The Kept University"
"Commercially sponsored research is putting at risk the paramount value of higher education -- disinterested inquiry. Even more alarming, the authors argue, universities themselves are behaving more and more like for-profit And, of course, the compulsory K-12 education that leads up to grad school and sets the tone:
   "A conspiracy against ourselves"
   I?ll bring this down to earth. Try to see that an intricately subordinated industrial/commercial system has only limited use for hundreds of millions of self-reliant, resourceful readers and critical thinkers. In an egalitarian, entrepreneurially based economy of confederated families like the one the Amish have or the Mondragon folk in the Basque region of Spain, any number of self-reliant people can be accommodated usefully, but not in a concentrated command-type economy like our own. Where on earth would they fit? In a great fanfare of moral fervor some years back, the Ford Motor Company opened the world?s most productive auto engine plant in Chihuahua, Mexico. It insisted on hiring employees with 50 percent more school training than the Mexican norm of six years, but as time passed Ford removed its requirements and began to hire school dropouts, training them quite well in four to twelve weeks. The hype that education is essential to robot-like work was quietly abandoned. Our economy has no adequate outlet of expression for its artists, dancers, poets, painters, farmers, filmmakers, wildcat business people, handcraft workers, whiskey makers, intellectuals, or a thousand other useful human enterprises?no outlet except corporate work or fringe slots on the periphery of things. Unless you do "creative" work the company way, you run afoul of a host of laws and regulations put on the books to control the dangerous products of imagination which can never be safely tolerated by a centralized command system.
Anyway, it is interesting how it was the exposure of private P2P communications (the emails) that brought this issue to public attention in a limited way. How can P2P help more with public integrity? Does the secretive nature of using p2p in science really help the process? Or does it hurt it?
Why can Newsweek state something like the first few works of this and people just accept it? Why is there such a gap between "reputation" and real communications? How can our society deal better with that somehow?
   "The Truth About ?Climategate?" by Sharon Begley
   Few of us would escape with reputations intact if our e-mail were made public, and the scientists ensnared in "climategate" are no exception. Writing "I've just completed Mike's Nature trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ? to hide the decline" makes Phil Jones of the University of East Anglia, who typed that in 1999, look as if he is pulling a fast one to conceal a trend toward global cooling. And when another scientist wrote that "I can't see either of these papers being in the next I.P.C.C. report. Kevin and I will keep them out somehow?even if we have to redefine what the peer-review literature is!" it looks like a blatant attempt to censor opposing views.
Would those statements actually have been so problematical as far as integrity in a public mailing list? They would have been discussed at least. Is it acceptable to have biases (everyone does) as long as they are not hidden biases? Or is this an area where new information processing tools, like structured argument systems, may play a role, where people with different biases are working together to produce some collective product (as previously mentioned here, relating to work done at SRI on this topic for the intelligence community).
"[p2p-research] FOSS modeling tools (was Re: Earth's carrying capacity and "[p2p-research] Re: the wikipedia decline"
"[p2p-research] P2P platforms for wide ranging discussions beyond email?"
I have some more I've written on that as well.
Three links on this topic (all stuff from over a decade ago):
   "IBIS: Structured Discussion"
   "PREP columns provide only one way to organize the discussion of an issue. IBIS (Issue-based Information System) [] is a more sophisticated method to capture the rationale behind decisions. It formally supports the notions of issues, positions about these issues, arguments for positions, and captures the relationships among them. IBIS is a textual tool that displays these relationships using indented text. "
   "CLARE"
"Based on issue-based argumentation, IBIS is only [a] way to structure a discussion. Designed for collaborative learning of a research paper, CLARE (Collaborative Research And Research Environment) offers an even more structure for organizing a discussion and integrates it with a process model. Thus, it consists of two components, RESRA, which defines the discussion structure, and SECAI, which defines the process model. "
(See:  for more.)
   "Graphical Ibis"
   "Kunz's Issue Based Information Systems (IBIS) provide a framework for collaborative understanding of the major issues and implications surrounding what are described as ``wicked problems'' (problems that lack a definitive formulation). Understanding is achieved by using hypertext components to create structured arguments surrounding the issues. ... Interactions in the gIBIS (graphical IBIS) system centered around a graphic overview of the emerging hypertext network. New nodes and links were always created in this global context."
Beyond better information processing tools, personally, I feel a "basic income" (or gift economy, or local subsistence with 3D printing and organic gardening robots, or something else as a broad social change) would help scientific integrity enormously. Many of these "scientific" issues are really indirectly fights about getting the resources to do science in the first place, as David Goodstein's points out on the collapse of peer review, where there is now (since the 1970s) a scarcity of grants relative to demand, given an over-production of PhDs relative to academic needs or related funding. If everyone in the world had the equivalent of a graduate student fellowship from a basic income, while there still might be fighting over lab budgets for supplies and equipment, I'd hope the general level of direct conflict might be less. There would be less of a link between "reputation" and the ability to do research at all. There is a lot of good research people can do without great expense -- some of it even might be better and more clever and more basic than people with expensive toys -- now that everyone has a cheap computer and cheap communications.  And much of the expenses in science are people time. Even expensive equipment can be made by collectives to the extent that the cost is labor and not rent. And improvements in 3D printing and local subsistence will more and more allow people to convert their time directly into high-tech products and bypass paying rent. Globally, as far as science, with a basic income, the whole world would have become a version of a re-imagined Princeton University:
"Making the whole world into Princeton University, or how Princeton locally stands in the way of Princeton globally :-)"
   Also related, by me as a co-author from 2001, about engineering, but the same goes for science:
   "A Review of Licensing and Collaborative Development..."
   "At this moment nearly every engineer on earth has a powerful and globally networked computer in his or her home. Collaborative volunteer efforts are now possible on an unprecedented scale. Moores's Law predicts continued reductions ... in the cost of bandwidth, storage, CPU power, and displays - which will lead to computers a million times faster, bigger or cheaper in the next few decades. Collaboration software such as for sending email, holding real-time video conferences, and viewing design drawings is also reducing in cost; much of it is now effectively free. This means there are now few technical or high-cost barriers to cooperation among engineers, many of whom even now have in their homes (often merely for game playing reasons) computing power and bandwidth beyond anything available to the best equipped engineers in the 1970s. "
Centuries ago, most science was P2P, though only the moderately wealthy (e.g. Charles Darwin) could take part in it. A basic income, a gift economy, or widespread nanotech-level 3D printing would level this playing field quite a bit.
So, is P2P for science commons ultimately the resolution to the problem posed by Climategate? Or the larger social problems with scientific integrity that Climategate represents if one starts digging deeper?
As Sharon Begley said in the Newsweek article above:
Many of the e-mails refer to attempts to evade requests from critics for raw data, some of which comes from national meteorological offices that, when they sent Jones the data, required confidentiality for hardly more reason than "we can, so let's." Really, all climate data "needs to be publicly available and well documented," Judith Curry of Georgia Tech, a leading researcher on the climate-hurricane link, wrote in an open letter to climate scientists. This includes "how the data were treated and manipulated, what assumptions were made in assembling the data sets, and what data [were] omitted and why." To be sure, most of the data, and even the computer codes used to analyze them, have been freely available for years (not buried in Al Gore's backyard). But all the data and methodology should be in the public domain. Yes, critics will cherry-pick and play "gotcha," as they have with the e-mails, but the science of climate change is robust enough to withstand So, that is essentially a demand for a public commons about science at all levels of investigation. But it needs to be further and broader to improve scientific integrity in other parts of science. For example, what about the science related to medicine? Why should secrecy be allowed and encouraged in that area which affects more people's lives on a daily basis than climate change? Or why should the science (and software technology) about cars that drive themselves be proprietary when all our lives will depend on it when traveling anywhere on the road in a decade or so?
Related by me (two items, the second a shorter version of the first):
"An Open Letter to All Grantmakers and Donors On Copyright And Patent Policy In a Post-Scarcity Society "
"On Funding Digital Public Works "
Foundations, other grantmaking agencies handling public tax-exempt dollars, and charitable donors need to consider the implications for their grantmaking or donation policies if they use a now obsolete charitable model of subsidizing proprietary publishing and proprietary research. In order to improve the effectiveness and collaborativeness of the non-profit sector overall, it is suggested these grantmaking organizations and donors move to requiring grantees to make any resulting copyrighted digital materials freely available on the internet, including free licenses granting the right for others to make and redistribute new derivative works without further permission. It is also suggested patents resulting from charitably subsidized research research also be made freely available for general use. The alternative of allowing charitable dollars to result in proprietary copyrights and proprietary patents is corrupting the non-profit sector as it results in a conflict of interest between a non-profit's primary mission of helping humanity through freely sharing knowledge (made possible at little cost by the internet) and a desire to maximize short term revenues through charging licensing fees for access to patents and copyrights. In essence, with the change of publishing and communication economics made possible by the wide spread use of the internet, tax-exempt non-profits have become, perhaps unwittingly, caught up in a new form of "self-dealing", and it is up to donors and grantmakers (and eventually lawmakers) to prevent this by requiring free licensing of results as a condition of their grants and Anyway, it seems to me that Climategate is really just the tip of an iceberg of problems with scientific integrity under scarcity and competition for grants. So improving scientific integrity is another impetus to transitioning to a post-scarcity economy in various ways (and P2P is part of that, as I see it). But even without a broader transition, one can think about how P2P and peer commons production under free and open licenses fits into improving scientific integrity.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-09 09:43:38
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Tick, tock, tick, tock? BING 
A broader comment by me on that Climategate issue:
"[p2p-research] On scientific integrity, Climategate, and P2P"
I think the idea of public "structured arguments" could help some in the short term. As could the idea there of a basic income (or other broad economic shift) in the long term.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-09 09:48:07
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
=?windows-1252?q?ING?=
Good point on Japan. They really are embracing automation as a culture.
On your point: "As absurd as it would have seemed to me just last year, I am with you." While everyone is different, could you mention if there were any one big thing or a few specific things you saw (robot videos?) that were most persuasive in changing your thinking on this? Was there any particular facts or lines of argument or articles you saw that seemed more persuasive than others? Or was it more a gestalt from an overall rain of facts or examples?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-09 10:39:07
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Project Cybersyn 
A link for that text and related discussion:
Three comments from there:
The (mostly Californian) team working this up came to London in summer 1973, and wanted to talk to British Treasury economists about what they were planning to introduce. They talked to me. Their modelling was, in concept (they clearly were in the early stages of working out the detail), very good for the time (and their available computers would have handled the data flow OK). But when we got down to the content I found a materials balance set of ideas, with a still large private sector expected to handle things like retail distribution and truck transport (a vital sector in Chile). It was not real time - more like last week/last month for data to feed into next month's decisions. It was so much better than anything I had heard of in use in the Soviet block that I was fascinated.
   It was with real regret that I found myself suggesting that the results from the team's approach could be disappointing; and asking what improvements over the current ramshackle Chilean economy they hoped to see? Those hoped for enumerable improvements turned out to be mainly distributional. It seemed that productivity, efficiency and output gains would have to wait for later, improved versions of the model; versions in which they would somehow improve on the very crude financial incetives they proposed to leave in the private sector and generalise them into the state    As a means of incorporating incentives, I mentioned the Hungarian ideas of the state owning the means of production but always being willing to rent them out to the highest bidder. The team seemed to think that might be worth looking into; but it was evident that they did not realise that they were improving on mainstream Communist practice; let alone that they should be interested in heterodox Communist thought.
   For a mainstream, pretty eclectic macroeconomist, that afternoon was a trip through the looking glass. Nevertheless, there was more to Project Cybersyn ( a name the team were rather ashamed of) than a stage set.
   Posted by: David Heigham at Dec 7, 2009 12:06:57 PM
It's funny to see the central role that contempt plays in MR's rhetoric. (Note that that's hardly a ringing defense of Cybersyn or Beer: it was silly and he was a wanker.) This site and its maintainers are wedded -- very wedded -- to beliefs that are trvial modifications of Beer's beliefs and Cybersyn's pillars. Why not compare the computational power behind the moon landings to an iPhone and 'prove' that they were impossible too? Yeah, what a crazy idea that WU Telex machines or other retrospectively primitive-seeming communications techniques might play a vital role in large-scale economies! &c., &c.
   Posted by: m3t00 at Dec 7, 2009 5:27:24 PM
   Your last sentence was a silly bait-and-switch: using Telex machines to improve communication and coordination -- between humans -- was never controversial. So let's stick to the topic of computers. The financial crisis of the last few years has demonstrated just how sharply our best efforts at mathematical modeling of the economy can diverge from reality, even with today's most modern computer technology let alone 1973's much more primitive kind.
   By contrast, plain old Newtonian physics for orbital calculations is far more straightforward. Before computers, astronomers accurately calculated those by hand, albeit not at the near-real-time speed needed for lunar missions.
   Posted by: anonymous at Dec 7, 2009 7:55:24 PM
What the last poster misses is that using Telex machines in the concept of a communist command-and-control economy was revolutionary, because it changed the nature of the entire thing from purely hierarchical to more of a cybernetic hierarchy-meshwork balance (Manuel de Landa  ). So, there was a move from "five year plans" to monthly, weekly, or even daily plans.
One example that Alex Tabarrok (who wrote the article)
ignores is how this system was used successfully to deal with the consequences of strikes created by the right wing.
 From the New York Times in 2008, hardly a bastion of communist thought:
   "Before ?73 Coup, Chile Tried to Find the Right Software for Socialism "
   Cybersyn?s turning point came in October 1972, when a strike by truckers and retailers nearly paralyzed the economy. The interconnected telex machines, exchanging 2,000 messages a day, were a potent instrument, enabling the government to identify and organize alternative transportation resources that kept the economy moving.
   The strike dragged on for nearly a month. While it weakened Mr. Allende?s Popular Unity party, the government survived, and Cybersyn was praised for playing a major role. ?From that point on the communications center became part of whatever was happening,? Mr. Espejo said.
See, that is what was revolutionary about Cybersyn compared to Soviet style central planning. It was a hybrid of central planning and responding to daily needs in the way the market does.
Would it have needed to change as it grew? Surely. But the idea itself was very threatening ideologically to capitalism and the "free market". Still, if the USA had not helped take it out, maybe the USSR might have done so later? :-) It's success would also have disproved long term central planning as an ideal, too. :-)
I'm sure if Google had been taken out by the US military in 1999, a similar article would have been written. I'll try, just for fun:
   (Making up an alternative past history written from the future. :-)
As a footnote in history of government-approved search engines, "Google" was the name of a small company created more than twenty years ago, in 1998, as the starry-eyed impracticable vision of two graduate students at Stanford University. Using a computer built partially from LEGO bricks:
   "Google Founders built Server Casing with LEGO Bricks"
   and operating from a garage, these wild-eyed dreamers had a vision of stealing all information on the planet and supplying free access to it. While there was no real risk that such people could have succeeded, even with US$100,000 worth of personal backing from someone at an established computer company (a trivial amount of money in those days for a startup), because of the vast computation and electrical demands of such an enterprise (clearly impossible to meet within a garage if you just do a little math on even just the electrical demand from several servers), clearly these individuals involved did not understand free market processes and how all information would need to be sold in order to promote the creation of more information. On April 1, 1999, the garage that this small company in was raided by the US FBI in conjunction with representatives of RIAA, the MPAA, and the SPA, and the server was confiscated. This was also justified because the FBI was able to perform successful search queries on explosives manufacture, and such an information service could have been used for more terrorists like Timothy McVeigh to learn enough to bomb Federal Office Buildings. Google co-founders, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, are still awaiting trial in Guantanamo Bay (as of this writing in 2019) for un-American activities as enemy combatants as threats to the state order. Through enhanced interrogation techniques, it was discovered that Page and Brin also had plans to steal the world's books, and more fancifully, set up an independent society on Mars. While it is laughable to think that such people could have indexed all the world's proprietary information with a server that has less power than one of today's highly secure "trusted computing" cell phones, none-the-less the concern was that such people had no respect for private intellectual property and the free market that creates it, and so these two info-terrorists would no doubt have helped physical terrorists like Timothy McVeigh or others to perform a variety of anti-social acts. Likewise, such a system could potentially have made copies of proprietary news articles and slightly harmed our vibrant mainstream newspaper industry, or worse, created synthetic newspapers with biased views compared to the unbiased reporting that professional journalists and publishers are well celebrated for (like with the Pulitzer Prize). The US government stopped the project and probably for this reason when the project is periodically rediscovered it is often written about in a romantic tone as a revolutionary "socialist search engine," decades ahead of its time that was "destroyed" by the US government because it was "too egalitarian" or because they didn't understand it. Hopefully this article will show why that is foolishness.
   This footnote in history is brought to you by Mickysearch, the search engine that gives you the appropriate information you need, when you need it, and is offering a discount this week, sign up for one year of searching (maximum 10 queries per month, all with completely safe high-quality US government approved results), and the cost is only US$1000 a month instead of the usual US$1500 a month, a cost savings of more than US$50 per search.)
Now, does that not sound a bit like the rhetoric in the original article? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-09 11:06:31
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Project Cybersyn 
"Stigmergic collaboration"
   # 2.3 Stigmergic Collaboration
     * 2.3.1 1. Collaboration is dependent upon communication, and
communication is a network phenomenon.
     * 2.3.2 2. Collaboration is inherently composed of two primary
components, without either of which collaboration cannot take place: social
negotiation and creative output.
     * 2.3.3 3. Collaboration in small groups (roughly 2-25) relies upon
social negotiation to evolve and guide its process and creative output.
     * 2.3.4 4. Collaboration in large groups (roughly 25-n) is dependent
upon stigmergy.
So, it is the stigmergic systems that scale well. It is the discussion systems that don't. But how should stigmergy be done? What if we think about   fiat currencies act as a sort of generalized kanban token to signal demand in an economy that is a lot like a huge factory producing goods and services?
   Then, from that perspective, we might see other parallels. Including, perhaps, to sometimes move some of those kanban tokens from one part of the factory where they pile up to another part of the factory where they are needed. (A "basic income"? :-)
I'd suggest that the big issue with "market pricing" is it tries to use one currency as a sort of generalized demand. This has at least two problems.
Currency units are fiat dollars, which are a product of the human imagination, aided mostly by numbers in the memory of banking computers and a little by the US Treasury's Printing Office. But the physical infrastructure is things like railroad tracks, dump trucks, watersheds, algae, or healthy humans with healthy relationships to other healthy humans. But things like "cost" or "capital" are buckets in our accounting system that lump the imaginary fiat dollars together with the physical assets. The imaginary units can be infinite, but the physical resources can be finite. This creates instability in the control models as the system pursues the creation of an infinite number of ration units while potentially ignoring (at best with a severe lag) the value of physical things. Thus, we can have a society with vast amounts of "paper wealth" but which is a physical disaster. And you also get all sorts of virtual bubbles and related dysfunctions (like we saw recently).
The second problem is that currency is a single thing to indicated demand. It assumes all items are easily interconvertible through the market. To convert railroad tracks to dump trucks, you sell one in the market, take the money, and buy the other. But, that only works on a micro-economic scale. On a macroeconomic scale, the two are not so easily converted from one to another. We need more complex planning to do that -- planning that understands the engineering issues and entropic issues that go into converting from one to another. And that requires a more sophisticated analysis, the kind that Cybersyn was moving towards. Without truly understanding how things really convert into each other, we can end up diverting to much resources into, say, one area of the econonomy only to find out we can't really change them over to resources we really want later for some other reason. In short, I'd suggest a single currency devalues generally productive technology (like 3D printers or agricultural seeds) and over values specific products (like hairbrushes or pizzas).
So, I'd suggest, Kevin, that to take your "free market anti-capitalism" work to another transcendent level, you might want to think about market pricing, but in some new way, where there are thousands or millions of different currencies reflecting unique things, all with various complex ways of converting them to each other. :-) So, maybe, think about:
   "free market anti-capitalism anti-single-currency"? :-)
Jane Jacobs ideas may be useful as she talks about currency fluctuations in exchange rates between cities and import replacements as a way to drive economic growth -- it is not the same as what I am outlining here, but she shows how a single national currency interferes with this cybernetic feedback process at the city level. Example summary in the section here:
   "How to stifle your cities"
   I'm kind of suggesting to think about this somehow at the household or factory or 3D printer level, somehow, even as I don't fully know what I mean by that. :-) And if you do that, you might end up with something as way beyond Cybersyn as today's Googleplex is beyond the first Google server. :-)
Some more ideas on that here:
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-09 18:37:52
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Social scientists build case for 'survival of the 
ScienceDaily (Dec. 9, 2009) ? Researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, are challenging long-held beliefs that human beings are wired to be selfish. In a wide range of studies, social scientists are amassing a growing body of evidence to show we are evolving to become more compassionate and collaborative in our quest to survive and thrive.
   In contrast to "every man for himself" interpretations of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution by natural selection, Dacher Keltner, a UC Berkeley psychologist and author of "Born to be Good: The Science of a Meaningful Life," and his fellow social scientists are building the case that humans are successful as a species precisely because of our nurturing, altruistic and compassionate traits.
   They call it "survival of the kindest."
   "Because of our very vulnerable offspring, the fundamental task for human survival and gene replication is to take care of others," said Keltner, co-director of UC Berkeley's Greater Good Science Center. "Human beings have survived as a species because we have evolved the capacities to care for those in need and to cooperate. As Darwin long ago surmised, sympathy is our strongest instinct."
Also related:
"Forget Survival of the Fittest: It Is Kindness That Counts: A psychologist probes how altruism, Darwinism and neurobiology mean that we can succeed by not being cutthroat."
And Alfie Kohn has long been writing on these themes:
  Some computer simulations by Robert Axelrod and others from almost thirty years ago:
   And one can just think about "cancer" in terms of narrow selfishness?
And even Adam Smith saw this at the start of his work in 1759: :-)
   "How selfish soever man may be supposed, there are evidently some principles in his nature, which interest him in the fortunes of others, and render their happiness necessary to him, though he derives nothing from it, except the pleasure of seeing it. Of this kind is pity or compassion, the emotion we feel for the misery of others, when we either see it, or are made to conceive it in a very lively manner. That we often derive sorrow from the sorrows of others, is a matter of fact too obvious to require any instances to prove it; for this sentiment, like all the other original passions of human nature, is by no means confined to the virtuous or the humane, though they perhaps may feel it with the most exquisite sensibility. The greatest ruffian, the most hardened violator of the laws of society, is not altogether without it. ..."
Anyway, some science to support P2P theory. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-09 18:46:51
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Personalized medicine 
Or Gattaca.
Yes, those kind of issues are real risks. I think they are made worse to the extent our society organizes itself and most of the economy around competition instead of cooperation. Competition says you need to have the "best" genes (which may all be pretty similar, and if you don't have them, you are out of luck). Cooperation can say there is strength in diversity.
One the other hand, those who advocate competition will suggest it will breed diversity, and cooperation emerges from sameness. :-)
But in any case, I agree that each increase in technology like this is producing ripples outward in society.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-09 20:08:16
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
=?windows-1252?q?ING?=
Yes, if you look at the unemployment statistics, they are skewed by degree of schooling (not that I think schooling is good for most people, but as a stand in for abstract technical skill and conformity to a high-tech society, it is one of the best indicators).
It is a shift in perspective to think about people in the non-industrialized world in the category of "warehoused" instead of "waiting for development". Interesting suggestion, especially as it relates to all sorts of justifications about Western hoarding.
But unemployment rates for different skills can vary. And there are often bogus explanations that assume silly things like this one from 2004 (the jobs in IT for most people they say are cyclical are not coming back for the most part, because more and more can be done by fewer programmers and administrators, including by just using centrally managed services offered by a few big companies or big social collectives of volunteers):
"Unemployment level of college grads surpasses that of high-school dropouts"
"Such a large and enduring increase in unemployment among those with college degrees is unusual, even in a recession.  One reason for the increase is the lasting impact of the bursting bubble in the information technology and financial services sectors.  This cyclical effect will ultimately fade as demand returns in these industries and absorbs excess capacity built up over the last boom.  But a new structural problem?the offshoring of white-collar jobs in services?may also help explain the fact that unemployment in this recession and weak jobs recovery has crept so far up the education ladder. "
Marshall Brain was the first person I read who was really explicit, step by step, about the link between automation and joblessness at all levels, especially in Manna. It had been said before for a long time, but he really seemed especially clear about it. And he makes clear an economic link in the sidebar here, written around 2002:
  The "Jobless Recovery" that we are currently experiencing in the U.S. is big news. See for example The Mystery of the 'jobless recovery':
   "Consider these facts: Employment growth at the moment is the lowest for any recovery since the government started keeping such statistics in 1939. The labor force shrank in July as discouraged workers stopped seeking employment. The number of people employed has fallen by more than 1 million since the "recovery" began in the fall of 2001." [ref]
   The Washington Post notes that we are now witnessing, "the longest hiring downturn since the Depression". [ref] The article also notes, "The vast majority of the 2.7 million job losses since the 2001 recession began were the result of permanent changes in the U.S. economy and are not coming back."
   There is no mystery -- the jobless recovery is exactly what you would expect in a robotic nation. When automation and robots eliminate jobs, they are gone for good. The economy then has to invent new jobs. But it is much harder to do that now because robots can quickly fill the new jobs that get invented. See the FAQ for additional information.
His ideas have been amplified here: :-)
   Especially with your comments, it does seem like employment is where "the rubber meets the road" as far as post-scarcity trends. To me, I see the videos of laboratory robots and they are persuasive, especially as I have been watching them change slowly for the past three decades or so (all the way back to seeing 1970s videos on "NOVA" about Stanford's Shakey and MIT's SHRDLU simulation and some small robots there). But maybe those videos are just dismissed by others? Employment has long been a political issue in the politics of many countries, and it does seem that unemployment rates are the undeniable statistic (as much as they are fudged in various ways).
What I'm realizing, looking at the statistics, is that jobs have been slower and slower to come back after each recession. It used to be jobs were linked more closely with GDP, but now they are a "trailing indicator". And the amount they trail by gets longer and longer. So, right now, mainstream economists are saying jobs will come back in two or three years from now. But, recessions have been happening every five years or so now. The recession has been ongoing for almost two years. So, what happens when employment begins to lag enough so it overlaps the next recession? At that point, will jobs ever come back? I predict, if we don't see a more sudden shock (or riots), or if there is not a major social reform, that is what we might see over the next decade, even if there is an uptick in jobs in a couple years. Recessions are times when firms try hard to be more efficient as opposed to being more expansive. If firms start automating more heavily to become more efficient, using all the technology that is now available in the labs, many more jobs will be lost. If the technology is available to replace people more cheaply than to pay the people, under capitalism, the firms have to use it to survive. And it would be a good thing, as long as everyone shared in the benefits -- but under capitalism, short of high taxes and a basic income, the average person won't see the benefits of automation (just like for the last three decades in the USA the average worker has not seen their pay increase, although it is true some products have gotten much better at the same cost).
Marshall Brain paints the extermination scenario as one of two possibilities (the other is a basic income, or more accurately people's capitalism of a sort, because it only goes to owners of a company). Some might call this broad extermination evolution in action, although I'd not agree; to state the hopefully obvious, I think genetic diversity is good for all sorts of reasons, and, as with a recent post, humans have succeeded more by cooperation than selfishness. But if you look at Nazi Germany, they did succeed for a time in a pyramid scheme sort of way by taking those who could not work in the war factories and exterminating them (often by working them to death in concentration camps on trivial tasks, but also by direct executions). One aspect of the Nazi regime was to kill all the people in nursing homes or hospitals for the mentally ill, to free up the workers who were caring for these people to work in the war effort. And of course Jews, Gypsies, Gays, and others were killed and their property confiscated. In general, killing all these people, as well as then killing people in other lands and taking their resources, all promoted prosperity for the survivors. It's kind of like if someone were to heat their house by ripping boards from the walls and burning them. It works for a time, until the place gets drafty and the roof starts to fall in from lack of support. It's a pyramid scheme of the worst sort:
   "How Germans Fell for the 'Feel-Good' Fuehrer"
   Of course, with robots, it's a little different. What's the pyramid scheme there? I guess one can assume that, with lagging feedback (a Keynesian concept) that as companies replace each worker, the newly unemployed person burns through their savings, credit, and short-term state-supplied unemployment aid to still purchase the products the robots are producing for a time. So, let's imagine an economy with one factory that makes everything, and one owner/manager, and one worker (who both buy everything they need from the factory). The owner/manager replace the worker with a robot, and for a time, the worker still spends savings and borrows money to buy products from the factory, and the owner/manager gets more profits, so it is a net positive in the short term for the owner. Then the worker runs out of money and starves to death and stops buying stuff after the funeral arrangements. At that point, the owner is paying himself or herself, and while they have less revenues, they still, by virtue of ownership, can pay themselves in product (or fiat dollars that are just turned around to buy product), and then we have Patrick Anderson's plan where people produce product for themselves and the factories are owned by the people who benefit from them. :-) Related:
"[p2p-research] Paying Investors With Product Solves the Paradox of Profit in Perfect Competition"
Of course, that's a pretty evil way to get to Patrick's scenario as it entails disposing of 90% to 99.9%+ of the population in some way. :-( And it's obviously not what he suggests or had in mind. :-)
But that is basically what the first part of "Manna" outlines.
  The more "humane" way may just be for poor people to not have children, including by, as Marshall Brain outlines in Manna, putting contraceptives in their water supply. Historically, humans have regulated their birth rate based on local physical affluence. However, this transition to full automation is happening so fast this won't be possible. Also, rich people are sometimes personally selfish and don't have many children they raise themselves; in general all "affluent" industrialized countries are facing lower than replacement birth rates. And, I would suggest such a policy is really immoral anyway, given that "poor" people are only materially poor because of politics related to not sharing and by fiat declaring that all humans do not have a right to the commons, as well as by devaluing some very important skills like parenting and being a good neighbor and instead overvaluing some abstract skills (like writing reports and programs. :-)    "The world's most primitive people have few possessions. but they are not poor. Poverty is not a certain small amount of goods, nor is it just a relation between means and ends; above all it is a relation between people. Poverty is a social status. As such it is the invention of civilisation. It has grown with civilisation, at once as an invidious distinction between classes and more importantly as a tributary relation that can render agrarian peasants more susceptible to natural catastrophes than any winter camp of Alaskan Eskimo."
So, in that sense, unemployment is a social construction. But the idea of "employment" is clearly a weak point in a high-tech economy:
  "The industrial system was designed to produce an ever-increasing quantity of goods as efficiently as possible, and it was assumed that the distribution of the power to purchase these goods would occur almost automatically. The continuance of the income-through-jobs link as the only major mechanism for distributing effective demand ? for granting the right to consume ? now acts as the main brake on the almost unlimited capacity of a cybernated productive system."
If there is one reason the trend has been as slow to play out as it has it is because, as Hans Moravec pointed out, the things that humans can do that relate to millions of years of pre-human evolution, basically navigation and hand-eye coordination, have been much more difficult to automate than    "The human evolutionary record provides the  clue. While  our  sensory  and muscle control systems have been in development for a billion years, and common sense reasoning has been honed for probably about a million, really high level, deep, thinking is little more than a parlor trick, culturally developed over a few thousand years, which a few  humans, operating  largely   against their natures, can learn [2] [8] [21]. As with Samuel Johnson's dancing dog, what is amazing is not how well it is done, but that it is done at all.
   Computers  can  challenge  humans in intellectual areas, where humans perform inefficiently, because they can be programmed to carry on much less wastefully. An extreme example is arithmetic, a function learned by humans with great difficulty, which is instinctive to computers. These days an average computer can add a million large numbers in a second, which is more than a million times faster than a person, and with no errors. Yet one hundred  millionth of the neurons in a human brain, if reorganized into an adder using switching logic design principles, could sum a thousand numbers per second. If the whole  brain were organized this way it could do sums one hundred thousand times faster than the computer.
   Computers do not challenge  humans in perceptual and control areas because these billion year old functions are carried out by large fractions of the nervous system operating as efficiently as the hypothetical neuron adder above. Present  day  computers, however efficiently programmed, are simply too puny to keep up. Evidence comes from the most extensive piece  of   reverse  engineering yet done on the vertebrate brain, the functional decoding of some of the visual system by D. H. Hubel, T. N.  Weisel and colleagues [11]. ...
   Later in this paper I express my confidence that sufficiently powerful general purpose machines will become available gradually during the professional lifetimes of most reading this."
However, that was written in 1983, and as Hans Moravec predicted, given Moore's law, almost thirty years later computers are more than a million times faster for the same cost, and now they can do better hand-eye coordination and so on, as in the video you linked to a while back:
"High-Speed Robot Hand Demonstrates Dexterity and Skillful Manipulation" Or as shown in the DARPA Grand Challenges in terms of navigation. Or in other areas:
"[p2p-research] Robot videos and P2P implications (was Re: A thirty year While these systems still have their limits, we can see the clear progression of such technologies over the past thirty years. Or, at least I can, because I hung around those labs decades ago (including in Hans' :-) and see the changes. I guess a big part of my conscious and subconscious mental capacity has gone to thinking about the issues that his insights and efforts (and those of others in such labs or elsewhere) have brought up. It's frustrating to me that others cannot more easily see this. But I guess it is even more frustrating to someone like Hans Moravec. :-) I guess it is hard to expect people who pay attention to other things to take that seriously trends that are slowly playing out and may take years of involvement to really appreciate. I'm sure some people might say that about, say, DNA research that I know little about.
Although, I'm not so sure I like Hans Moravec's "Mind Children" idea as the only good result of all this (the robots go into space and humanity essentially dies out. :-) Social networks and augmentation are other approaches. (Even as they still may lead to unemployment, since, say, one augmented surgeon might be able to do the work of 10 regular surgeons.) And there may just be a lot of value in an ecological diversity of mentalities and forms. The horseshoe crab in various similar physical forms has survived for 445 million years even as other creatures have evolved a lot around it.
   We'll see.
Anyway, thanks for the reply. The question is now more, how can we move this emerging heavily automated society in a better direction than mass slaughter? And more in the direction of a p2p gift economy, a basic income, local subsistence with strong communities, or something else? Which just comes back to the point of the mailing list to encourage or facillitate P2P efforts. The only difference is coming back to the purpose of the mailing list from the sense of "TINA: There Is No Alternative" for 99.9%+ of the population than radical change of one form or another.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-09 20:48:13
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
=?windows-1252?q?ING?=
I just want to reply differently on this point. There is an alternative to slaughters that keeps the system going. As outlined here: :-)
  Dealing with a jobless recovery presents global society with some difficult choices about values and identity. A straightforward way to keep the current scarcity-based economic system going in the face of the "threat" of abundance (and limited demand) resulting in a related jobless recovery is to use things like endless low-level war, perpetual schooling, expanded prisons, increased competition, and excessive bureaucracy to provide any amount of make-work jobs to soak up the abundance from high-technology (as well as to take any amount of people off the streets in various ways). That seems to be the main path that the USA and other countries have been going down so far, perhaps unintentionally. Alternatively, there are a range of other options to chose from, whether moving towards a gift economy, a resource-based economy, a basic income economy, or strong local communitarian economies, and to some extent, the USA and other countries have also been pursuing these options as well, but in a less coherent way. Ultimately, the approaches taken to move beyond a jobless recovery (either by creating jobs or by learning to live happily without them) involves political choices that will reflect national and global values, priorities, identities, and aspirations.
So, while I'd prefer a basic income or those other more positive alternatives, a status-quo thing like endless schooling might be preferable to mass slaughter (it's at least not a slaughter of the body even if it may be a slaughter of the mind or imagination the way much of it is done now, and where there is life there is hope). Still, I'm not sure that low-level war, perpetual schooling, expanded prisons, increased competition, and excessive bureaucracy are really going to be very stable in the information age of cheap communications and as we get other things like nanotech 3D printers eventually. To build on Daniel Quinn's insights, and Bob Black's, these sorts of things let people have the option of walking away from wasted lives and wasted work hours.
Maybe that will be how our current system ends. It might not change, but more and more people just walk away to alternative communities, to more progressive cities and states, to a few progressive countries, and eventually to seasteads or space habitats, until the countries being abandoned collapse in some way internally and reorganize themselves out of desperation. That's part of the Voyage from Yesteryear Gandhian theme -- encouraging people to just walk away (assuming there is something better to walk to). Although it is always hard for the connected individual to walk away by themselves, or just one family, because you sever social links to an extended family and community. The history of immigration to the USA in the past is a guide to what this might be like.
And that's the big issue to have something better (like the USA was a better option for many in the past, compared to poverty or war in countries of birth). Not having a coherent positive vision is where much theory in relation to alternatives falls down, and where G. William Domhoff makes a good point.
" The People Are Not Bamboozled"
Faced with their many failures to convince even a significant minority of the American population to act in ways that they assume are in the best interests of the overwhelming majority, many leftists tend to blame this lack of success on the fact that most people do not understand the nature of the social system or their class interests. ...
   Contrary to the theorists of consciousness who explain away left failures, many studies in social psychology and sociology demonstrate that what people do makes sense in terms of the situation in which they find themselves. They may not understand all the details of the close working relationship between big business and government, or how and why markets currently work to the great advantage of capitalists, but they know full well they are being ripped off, and they fully believe that the circumstances they find themselves in are not fair. Numerous polls reveal that they would like to see a wide range of changes, including government guarantees of a job, a higher minimum wage, better health and safety provisions, and a government-supported health care system, all of which would "reduce the rate of exploitation," to borrow a term from Marxism.
   Based on these findings, it seems likely that everyday people don't opt for social change in good part because they don't see any plausible way to accomplish their goals, and haven't heard any plans from anyone else that make sense to them. But why don't they just say "the hell with it" and head to the barricades? Why aren't they "fed up?" The answer is not in their false consciousness or a mere resigned acquiescence, as many leftists seem to believe, but in a very different set of factors. On the one hand, for all the injustices average Americans experience and perceive, there are many positive aspects to everyday life that make a regular day-to-day existence more attractive than a general strike or a commitment to building a revolutionary party. They have loved ones they like to be with, they have hobbies and sports they enjoy, and they have forms of entertainment they like to watch. In fact, many of them also report in surveys that they enjoy their jobs even though the jobs don't pay enough or have decent benefits. (And as of late 2005, 93% of individuals earning over $50,000 a year describe themselves as "doing well.") They also understand that they have some hard-won democratic rights and freedoms inherited from the past that are much more than people in many other countries have. They don't want to see those positive aspects messed up.
A lot of people might just walk away if they had something they were confident they could walk to that was better. So, some few need to help build that better place. And it doesn't even have to be a physical place, it can be a mental place at first -- ideas, stories, media, digital files on websites or virtual realities, and so on. And people are doing that in various ways (like Wikipedia or Debian GNU/Linux). But eventually things like 3D printers and other local productive technologies (renewables) may bridge between the mental place and the physical place. Already, P2P advice about personal health care, about how to make things, and about how to do things like garden or fix cars, is bridging some of that gap.
Still, one reason for haste is always risk. There may be obviously inequities in the current system, and many individuals suffering (a moral evil), but the biggest issue, to me, remains the risk of nuclear war, or plague, or military robots, or some other aspect of competition out of control that destroys things for most people. One thing about being poor is you often have to run big risks, like driving a car that is not very safe in an accident or by not being able to visit a medical person for preventive care. Like the risk of nuclear war, these risks may not affect most poor people day-to-day, since there are risks, not certainties. (Psychologically, they may be day-to-day things, but people get good at putting things out of mind they don't think they can do anything about.) So, only one poor person in a hundred might die each year in a car accident where injury could have been prevented by a safer (more expensive) car, but to the other 99 poor people, the risk did not affect them (although they might have lost a family member, friend, or neighbor, of course -- like when a fellow grad student had to deal with his wife being killed in a car accident where she was driving a cheap old car and the other person was driving a Mercedes and ran a light on his way to his job as a dentist). But risk is something that just is not so obvious because it is, after all, just a risk. So, our current social system has created all sorts of risks (GMOs, emerging nanotech, widespread vitamin D deficiency, widespread endocrine disruptors, CO2 pollution, nuclear weapons, internet dependency on centralized DNS, etc.), that so far, fortunately, have not caused widespread disasters for all people (even if, say, many in China are now dying of cancers that were easily preventable by US standards of manufacturing safety and each of those other things has caused local problems in the past).
Another tick-tock related item:
  The Doomsday Clock is a symbolic clock face, maintained since 1947 by the board of directors of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists at the University of Chicago, that uses the analogy of the human species being at a time that is "minutes to midnight", wherein midnight represents "catastrophic destruction". Originally, the analogy represented the threat of global nuclear war, but since includes climate-changing technologies and "new developments in the life sciences and nanotechnology that could inflict irrevocable harm".[1] The closer the clock is to midnight, the closer the world is estimated to be to global disaster. ... The number of minutes before midnight ? measuring the degree of nuclear, environmental, and technological threats to mankind ? is periodically corrected; currently, the clock reads five minutes to midnight, having advanced two minutes on 17 January 2007.
Anyway, the two reasons for action now are to deal with inequity (and avoidable suffering) and also to deal with systemic risk. (And there are additional risks like riots from inequity itself, of course.) When I started looking into these sorts of issues a long time ago I was focused on the risk side. For me, over the decades, the social inequity and avoidable suffering side has grown in importance. I wonder if there are people who start out on the inequity side and grow more into worrying about the risks? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-09 21:01:33
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Questionable "Best Effort" Copyright 
"Princeton University Professor Michael Freedman, creator of CoralCDN, discusses how he received around 100 pre-settlement letters in one month from various copyright agencies after invalid BitTorrent tracker requests were issued through CoralCDN's proxies. Interestingly, the participating agencies made no effort whatsoever to verify that the Coral nodes were actually running BitTorrent, which they weren't! He questions just how much effort agencies take to reduce false positives when it comes to DMCA notices. Considering the credence that network operators give to such notices (they'll often cut your service upon receipt), it would seem that the answer is 'not enough.'
Embedded link:
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-09 21:13:02
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CoralCDN peer-to-peer content distribution network 
Related to something mentioned in my previous post mentioning "Princeton University Professor Michael Freedman, creator of CoralCDN". I don't see CoralCDN mentioned in the list archives.
   * Our Goal
   Are you tired of clicking on some link from a web portal, only to find that the website is temporarily off-line because thousands or millions of other users are also trying to access it? Does your network have a really low-bandwidth connection, such that everyone, even accessing the same web pages, suffers from slow downloads? Have you ever run a website, only to find that suddenly you get hit with a spike of thousands of requests, overloading your server and possibly causing high monthly bills? If so, CoralCDN might be your free solution for these problems!
* Using Coral
   Taking advantage of CoralCDN is simple. Just append
   .nyud.net
to the hostname of any URL, and your request for that URL is handled by Coral! Try this page, or any other site:
   * What is Coral?
   Coral is a free peer-to-peer content distribution network, comprised of a world-wide network of web proxies and nameservers. It allows a user to run a web site that offers high performance and meets huge demand, all for the price of a $50/month cable modem.
   Publishing through CoralCDN is as simple as appending a short string to the hostname of objects' URLs; a peer-to-peer DNS layer transparently redirects browsers to participating caching proxies, which in turn cooperate to minimize load on the source web server. Sites that run Coral automatically replicate content as a side effect of users accessing it, improving its availability. Using modern peer-to-peer indexing techniques, CoralCDN will efficiently find a cached object if it exists anywhere in the network, requiring that it use the origin server only to initially fetch the object once.
   One of Coral's key goals is to avoid ever creating hot spots in its infrastructure. It achieves this through a novel indexing abstraction we introduce called a distributed sloppy hash table (DSHT), and it creates self-organizing clusters of nodes that fetch information from each other to avoid communicating with more distant or heavily-loaded servers.
   A preliminary deployment of CoralCDN has been online since March 2004, running on the PlanetLab testbed. As of January 2006, it receives about 25 million requests per day from more than 1 million unique clients.
Clever. :-)
For fun, you can try these: :-)
Or some of mine: :-)
I don't know quite how I feel about those URLs. :-) Though I did right away feed my Princeton related URLs into it. :-)
How do you feel about your CoralCDN URLs, Michel? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-10 11:38:54
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Structural Unemployment... round #3527 
Thanks. In looking through some older posts, I thought this one you wrote also connects with these issues: :-)
"[p2p-research] Re: gotta read this"
Perhaps there is some hope in this generation, and the growing alternatives to both markets and governments, as embodied by the P2P movement. Perhaps the paradigm shift to this will be as bloodless as the overthrow of Encyclopedia Britannica by Wikipedia. Not too many molotovs in that revolution, from what I hear.
   Yet, it isn't inconceivable that the nation could fracture or collapse, but considering the statistics, I can't imagine many geographical borders larger than a few square blocks that would contain homogenous cultural/political/social views. I really think what we are seeing will be unprecedented, and likely very strange.
   If Factor e Farm or something similar takes off, perhaps Panarchy will take off, as they seem to be hoping. Though I doubt it could remain an
evolutionarily stable state for long. Natural Selection will continue to select for virulent systems and actually think Alexander Wendt's recent work arguing that World Government is inevitable makes a strong point... or at least elucidates the structural properties which make higher levels of organization likely (and even desirable).
Which reminds me of Manuel de Landa's "Meshworks, Hierarchies and Interfaces" essay again:
   "Indeed, one must resist the temptation to make hierarchies into villains and meshworks into heroes, not only because, as I said, they are constantly turning into one another, but because in real life we find only mixtures and hybrids, and the properties of these cannot be established through theory alone but demand concrete experimentation."
Well, it would perhaps refute it if the gains in automation were evenly distributed. But, at least in the USA, they are not (something the Triple Revolution memorandum was talking about back in 1964). So, that means some few remaining workers get the benefits, while the rest become unemployed.
In the current situation, economist are talking about how the US work week is at its lowest level since 1964 (33.3 hours, up slightly from that in the past month),
   "For Workers, The Grim News Just Keeps Coming"
   and the implication is that when (if?) the economy "recovers" in terms of demand, existing employees will get a boost in work hours (and even overtime) before new people are hired. If the average work week is still considered 40 hours, and people ofter readily do overtime, and if the amount of benefits paid per employee is fixed, then it makes sense for current companies to go so far as to almost double the working hours per employee (so, 40 hours straight time and 10 hours overtime, where the cost of overtime are matched by the savings of benefits like health care and retirement for new employees) before hiring any new employees. If they did that, we would see no new jobs even if the US GDP were to *double* because there is so much slack there.
The total amount of money paid in wages would go up, but it would all be concentrated in current employees. So, people currently unemployed would not get any benefit from this. This also assumes demand really could go up in such a dysfunction situation, especially with movements like environmentalism and voluntary simplicity and improved durability of some products (like cars or houses) putting downward pressure on demand.
Thus we have calls for a shorter work week like this:
   "The time for the 32-hour work week is NOW!"
   But there is the conflict that what seems good for workers overall in the long term is bad for specific workers (many people do like to work more hours either because they like their work, or they want the money, or they want to escape from a bad home life or other problems) and also it raises costs for companies to manage more employees and pay more per-employee benefits like health care. There may be long term benefits like lower taxes (less unemployment, less social stress), or improved worker productivity in some cases (from better rested employees if overworked or if their family life or community life has fallen apart from not being there to help and that has translated into lower work performance from distraction), but those are not noticeable in the short term. Also, it is a big intrusion on individual workers and business owners to tell people how long they can work (like in France) and overall may decrease the output of specific businesses if there is some sort of skill shortage in some area in demand. For example, right now, there might be a demand for robotics engineers, but should they only be allowed to work 32 hours if there are not immediately available replacements? This issue also ties in with worker mobility and lack of loyalty on both sides of company and worker, so companies have reduced investments in workers to upgrade skills. Many people could become robotics engineers  (almost any auto mechanic probably has the skills and aptitude these days since modern cars are basically robots with many computers and servos and sensors and so on) but it might take an investment in retraining. And of course, training lots of robotics engineers will only make the employment problem worse IMHO. :-)
Well, how near is near? Five years? Ten years? Twenty?
What I see is more that, eventually, as people see what is going to happen in two to three decades, with AI, robotics, 3D printing, and better designs and better production processes, that any predictions about an abundant future will feed back into policy changes in the present day. So, there are present day implications of future predictions. For example, why worry about running a deficit in the USA for universal health care now (or for vastly expanded R&D into robotics, automation, 3D printing, and better open design :-) if one is just assuming the current scarcity-based economic system will be transcended to a world of abundance in a couple decades?  It makes no sense to stick our economics heads in the sand and say we'll change only when unemployment reaches 99% or when the economy stops working entirely because people are printing all their needs locally.
When there is a lot of unemployment, no minimum wage would mean a race to the bottom in wages. If you have some savings and credit, or own your house or have cheap rent, it makes sense to underbid other employees on wages so that you can last as long as possible compared to not having a job. This puts massive downward pressure on wages eventually. I saw that happen in specific technology areas -- there was a Smalltalk bubble with wages up to US$120 an hour and more in the mid 1990s, and then it burst (everyone claimed to know Smalltalk, it seemed) and wages were bid back down a lot. Similar things have happened with other languages. Programming wages in general continue to fall (some rare exceptions excluded perhaps, with an intersection of domain knowledge, programming skill, and corporate fit).
"The Sky is Falling, and So Are Tech Wages"
What I see now is people getting nervous. People in the technology field know more and more about how easy it is to automate things or outsource things. Someone who is a system administrator knows their job can be done from India for much less or automated away in various other ways. It is only the continued innovation and change that keeps up some demand and desire to have some humans present. But there are continuing innovations that also reduce jobs. Server virtualization, for example, makes it easier for one system administrator to do the work of several.
Already, it only takes about 1% or so of the population in the USA to supply everyone with food. It only takes 9% or so of the population (guessing) to supply everyone with core material goods. Most of the rest is services or non-essential luxury goods or relates, as Bob Black suggested, to "guarding" or as Alfie Cohn said, to the inefficiencies created by competition.
Essentially, our social pyramid is already inverted, with only about 10% of the population needing to "work" on material things. Almost all the other services could be very easily supplied on a voluntary basis or automated. We have already long passed the threshold (for decades) where we could have a very different society with different economics. Momentum and ideology and active resistance and schooling has kept us on this course for as long as it So, as you mentioned at the post linked at the start:
Of course this is both a natural flaw of human beings and a creation of our educational system which, as The Big Crunch article which Paul linked to argues, is structured to polish the "gems" and discard the vast majority of the "dirt."  It is a good example of one of the many tipping points which are happening simultaneously, along with structural unemployment, the unenforceability of intellectual property, skyrocketing healthcare costs, Open Source, etc etc etc. In systems-theoretic terms, we are at the cusp of But, I'd put it a bit differently. The contradictions have been piling up deep for maybe a hundred years (or longer), especially since the burst of technology developed around WWII, but in general since industrialization began. As a global society (lead by the USA, in turn lead by many with ties to Nazi-like financial pyramid scheme ideology), we decided around WWI and certainly then around WWII as a globe to compete instead of cooperate. Well, technology has gone even further than it was around WWII. The contradictions have gotten more and more obvious, until even someone like myself can see them. :-) Obviously, many people from Bucky Fuller, to Albert Einstein, to the Triple Revolution memorandum signers, to the counter-culture movement of the 1960s and 1970s all saw parts of this. Even people like Mother Theresa and similar people for many centuries or millennia. They may not have seen things in terms of automation, but they could see issues of inequity and yet also see the value of increased productivity through cooperation.
In Europe, the benefits of increased productivity from whatever sources are more evenly distributed. That is the huge benefit of greater "socialism" like Western Europe has in the face of automation (even as the USA has some redistribution too and fairly high taxes, much of which goes to war or other waste). So, structural unemployment is less of a problem in Europe. Europe has coped much better with the current recession than the USA, as far as most people having an easier time of it. I think, as unemployment benefits run out and savings run out and credit runs out, we are just starting to see the stress in the USA, and it will likely get much worse over the next year or so.
And, as I said elsewhere (though with a typo),
   "[p2p-research] Trust, crypto, and social change (was Re: Google gets into the DNS business)"
perhaps the fact that the population of Western Europe can not easily rely on the "ammo box" to solve their problems makes them take the "ballot box" more seriously than in the USA?  Sadly, in the USA, it seems almost certain that many conservatives will be voted back into office next year during midterm elections and maybe as the next president too.
In the USA, many conservative individuals keep saying if things got really bad in the USA they would use their guns to solve the problem somehow (generally with no clear vision of a better world other than less government). But that point never really comes where things are so bad, because it all happens so gradually, like it has in other places:
   "They Thought They Were Free: The Germans, 1933-45"
   And like in Iraq, it's much easier to take a country "down for maintenance" with guns than to boot it back up again some other way.
So, as a community, Western Europe has voted itself more of the fruits of automation, and also put in place laws that limit competition or in other ways create level playing fields. Western Europe in various ways has limited working hours like in France. Western Europe has had taxes to shift private consumption to public amenities which may be better because they are often more cost effective -- like mass transit, public health care for everyone, or good local libraries. I don't think Western European politicians may yet get the really big picture about automation, but it will be easier for them to accept it than for the US politicians. (Sadly, places like Cuba or Russia that one might think would most quickly embrace automation based on "communism" have resisted information technologies out of "authoritarianism".)
US Americans can go on all they want about whether Western Europe is as "competitive" as US firms, but if the USA devolves into endless civil war with burning cities, US productivity is going to be lower overall. Of course, the fact that the USA has lots of nuclear weapons means that the rest of the world is nervous if the USA continues to descend into madness.
I feel it is clearer and clearer that some form of socialism (which the USA already has for the very poor, the schooled, or the very old with welfare, public schools, Social Security, and Medicare) is the only salvation possible for capitalism as we know it. A basic income could generalize all those social supports to one program. However, even then, there is an internal tension, because a basic income then enables people to build a gift economy (more time for Wikipedia) or improve their local subsistence (they can garden more or build 3D printers), so a basic income puts other pressures on capitalism. We may well see other solutions (a P2P-ish gift economy, a resource-based economy, and/or more stronger local communities with local economies) instead of a basic income.
To be clear, I think the optimal human population in the local solar system is upwards of several quadrillion people. So, I have no concerns about overpopulation. I think our solar system is vastly underpopulated, and large families should be encouraged on Earth with an eye towards emigration in a few decades, especially by people who have focused on non-material values and likely are materially poor in our society. :-)
Related by me:
"[p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton"
"[p2p-research] Peak Population crisis (was Re: Japan's Demographic Crisis)"
Because kids take a lot of time, and our society has so many other amusing things to do
   and because each person can be a net benefit to society
   overpopulation is IMHO the least of our worries. (Not to say there can't be local crowding.)
Some people have argue that Western humanity has changed its genetics and culture in the past few centuries by the materially rich having more children (and the poor dying off). I could believe that, but I don't necessarily see that as a plus. It's more like a problem statement IMHO, especially as materialism has now become so rampant as to be a threat to planetary wellbeing (and even personal wellbeing).
  Likewise, the USA (especially most recently California) has been shaped a lot by people who abandoned their homelands for the promise of something better. Again, is that a good point or a problem statement?
Anyway, example discussions:
"The Moral Obligation to Have Children?"
"The Rich Having More Children "
"The proverb that the poor have more children is well known among Japanese. And until recently I have believed the proverb. However, when I investigated the child benefit policy, I found a government statistic which indicates that the rich have more children in Japan. "
"The rich having more children than the poor has been true for most of history (exceptions include the modern welfare states), and most of all in polygamous societies. Downward mobility has been a fact of life in all societies and I doubt it has anything to do with the industrial revolution."
The fact is, raising a child well is more work than just about any job. It also produces more important results for a healthy society than most so called "work" in a capitalist society, much of which produces junky products or unneeded services. So why should parenting not be valued as much or higher than a paid 40 hour a week job? It's just a matter of ideology and social convention. Just think of the enormous amount of work people are doing in materially poorer countries like India or South America raising the next generation of humanity. Can't we decide, as a global society, to make their "job" as parents easier? The fact is, the future is in the South. With birth rates below replacement value, Western society, as a whole, has already decided it is non-viable. Granted, those trends may change, especially as those from bigger families might in turn decide to have bigger families as those around them die off, so in the long term, it is hard to say if the West will go extinct just from ideology. But it still does not look good. A big empty solar system out there and people not wanting to fill it up with joy? Seems very sad to me. It shows all sorts of levels of ideological and practical problems in our society that the hope of space habitation has been lost. It shows a closing down of our society.
Still, one could have a "sustainable" population only on the Earth. That seems to be what many are advocating, and linking population control to that. But these people are making plans for billions of other people for centuries to come while totally ignoring possible (and *obvious*) technological trends, things that eminently physicists like Freeman Dyson and Gerard K. O'Neill and many others have said are possible. Why is "resource depletion" a real thing (ignoring it is not, given human imagination makes resources), when the promise of the oceans or space is somehow unreal? It is more real to point to people living in space right now
   "Inside the space station....Awesome !!!!!"
   than it is to be sure of any limits to energy production, food production, material production, and so on. We're going to kill off literally billions and trillions of future humans because we can't look up physically or economically? Is there a word for genocide of the unconceived?
Again, as with economics from decades in the future feeding back to the present, if we can have quadrillions of humans living in space over the next thousand years, then should that idea not feed back into today's population policy, too?
   "High Frontier Screen Savers"
   Ignoring the genocide against the Native Americans, and the horror of slavery, did not the American frontier have positive effects in some ways? A sense of optimism? A sense of possibility? And might that not have had benefits even back in Europe?
Of course, one might suggest there will be the horror of robotic slavery or AI slavery on the high frontier. Which would be a good thing to think about Well, again, only if the increased productivity from open source is shared evenly. But if it is not (and it has not), then the rich get richer and the poor get poorer. Or, in this case, those with jobs have their money go farther, but those without jobs have less prospects of them. So many changes seem to be happening that I'm not sure we need to go out of our way to increase some of them. A lot of this might just be directing where or how the desire for change manifests itself, hopefully diverting it from crazed destruction (like the recent shooting on a US Army base) and into more positive alternatives (like contributing to Wikipedia or being a better I read recently somewhere a devout Muslim saying something like, "We're just as angry as the terrorists, we just choose to deal with it differently."
That kind of thing may be more common for the unemployed. Of the 9/11 hijackers, most were Saudis, and I read in a public profile of them that almost all were upset that their chances for advancement in Saudi Arabia had been (in their opinions) stifled by the US support for a repressive Saudi regime. So, in that sense, 9/11 was about the hijackers feelings about unemployment, underemployment, and other related things connected to social    Already in the US, there are reports of people losing their jobs harming the companies they work for in some way -- especially in ways like taking data, but sometimes worse in physical ways (the phrase "going postal" connects to that in past downturns and layoffs). There are a lot of emotions involved for many people, especially when you lose a job when the economy is bad. Most people don't do anything problematical, of course. But the tension increases and so the probability increases. There was also, for example, the recent attack in the Netherlands against the royal family there by a security guard who had just lost his job.
So, we may not yet have seen how deep the anger can get about jobs. It would be much better for our society if that anger went into positive, socially productive directions (including P2P directions) than if it randomly harms lots of bystanders. For example, when that army psychiatrist snapped, one could see it essentially as over losing his job in the USA and being forced against his will to take another one that was worse abroad (even though with the same employer), and he then harmed the very people he had been trying so hard before to help. Would his core beliefs not have been served so much more by some other more positive action? Maybe as some sort of whistleblower or something? Of course, when people are pushed to the breaking point, it is hard to know how they will break. Most just crumple. Ideally, we don't want to find out. But if people do break, it is better if people have positive alternatives to turn to.
So in that sense, contributing to open source to create a better world can provide one more alternative way to "get even" for those who are mad. :-) Negative emotions are not the best way to run your life, but they are part of life, and, as Mr. Rogers says, it's OK to be mad, the issue is more "What do you do with the mad that you feel?" Well, I'd rather see people contributing to Debian GNU/Linux to build a better future, rather than shooting up the neighborhood or their old workplace which just makes the future worse for everybody.
I predict a huge upsurge in angry people in the USA over the next two years as the limited social safety net designed only for temporary support gives way on top of other problems. Still, anger often does not last, and in finding people who do help them, angry people may be able to reconnect to their communities. From:
  Evolutionary psychologists have suggested, furthermore, that wealthy communities can, paradoxically, be among those most likely to engender feelings of friendlessness and isolation in their inhabitants. As Tooby and Cosmides (1996) argued, the most reliable evidence of genuine friendship is that of help offered during times of dire need: People tend never to forget the sacrifices of those who provide help during their darkest hours. Modern living conditions, however, present relatively few threats to physical well-being. Medical science has reduced several sources of disease, many hostile forces of nature have been controlled, and laws and police forces deter assault and murder. Ironically, therefore, the greater the availability of amenities of modern living in a community, the fewer are the occurrences of critical events that indicate to people which of their friends are truly engaged in their welfare and which are only fair-weather companions. This lack of critical assessment events, in turn, engenders lingering mistrustfulness despite the presence of apparently warm interactions (Tooby & Cosmides, 1996).
Still, that also connects with your idea of structural unemployment (or some other crisis) leading to improvements.
Of course, that assumes the USA is still functional enough to have enough community. It's hard to say. I can be hopeful and optimistic anyway. :-)
Yes, that all sounds possible.
On organic agriculture though, I'm not sure I'd agree with "obsolete". Organic agriculture tends to be more knowledge intensive than conventional agriculture. If anything, it is conventional agriculture that I'd suggest is obsolete. :-) I also see organic farming robots as a next big thing. :-) Although that may decrease employment yet again.
By the way, on your point:
"Meat grown in laboratory in world first: Scientists have managed to grow a form of meat in a laboratory for the first time, according to reports."
And, to also support it:
"The Truth About Land Use in the United States"
"About 349 million acres in the U.S. are planted for crops. This is the equivalent of about four states the size of Montana. Four crops -- feeder corn (80 million acres), soybeans (75 million acres), alfalfa hay (61 million acres) and wheat (62 million acres) -- make up 80 percent of total crop acreage. All but wheat are primarily used to feed livestock. The amount of land used to produce all vegetables in the U.S. is less than 3 million So, it's an interesting point. Still, because agriculture work is such a small percent of workforce (around 1%), would it mean that much to unemployment rates if it vanished entirely? I can see the land valuation issues having a big effect though. On the other hand, a basic income might increase the value of rural land not otherwise near jobs. In general, rural land has also held its value better in the recession (people looking for places they can grow more of their own food).
Moving beyond the "fight" metaphor might help too. Struggle? Transcend? Cooperate? :-) "I'm just saying we need to cooperate on both ends." :-)
A minimum wage also prevents a race to the bottom in some wages. But I'd rather see a basic income and no minimum wage. That makes more sense to me

@_date: 2009-12-10 12:44:59
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Structural Unemployment... round #3527 
Bob Black on Jeremy Rifkin's book
   "WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE? A critique of a neo-futurist's vision of the decline of work" by Bob Black"
  Rifkin only discerns, and only vaguely, that the voluntarist spirit has a part to play in the end of work. He doesn't notice that self-interested activity does too -- that play has a part to play. Mary Poppins perhaps exaggerated in saying that "in everything that must be done, there is an element of fun", but in many things that must be done, there could be elements of fun. Production and play aren't necessarily the same, but they're not necessarily different either. Income and altruism aren't the only springs of action. Crafts, sports, feasts, sex, games, song and conversation gratify by the sheer doing of them. Rifkin's no radical, but he's certainly a leftist, with the Judeo-Calvinist presumption that if you enjoy doing something, especially with others, it must be immoral or frivolous.
   We finally know what's wrong with this picture: we've seen it before, and we know how it ends. The future according to the visionary Rifkin is the present with better special effects. Putting people out of work does nothing to put an end to work. Unemployment makes work more, not less important. More makework does not mean less work, just less work it is possible to perform with even a vestige of self-respect. Nothing Rifkin forecasts, not even rising crime, offers any promise of ever ending work. Nothing Rifkin proposes does either. So strongly does he believe in the work-ethic that he schemes to perpetuate it even after the demise of the toil it hallows. He believes in ghosts, notably the ghost in the machine. But a spectre is haunting Rifkin: the spectre of the abolition of work by the collective creativity of workers themselves.
No that first article (which I've seen before) I was struck on rereading it by two things I did not think about before. One is the importance of the factor's (capitalist factory owner's) involvement to coordinate widespread social efforts to do things. What has changed now is that the internet makes this more feasible for large scale volunteer efforts like Wikipedia or Debian.
The other is seeing how true John Taylor Gatto's points are about compulsory school "dumbing us down". And it is is more than dumbing. There are the years spent in authoritarian circumstance where any initiative or creativity is punished (unless it is what the teacher wants as assignable curiosity in Jeff Schmidt's terms). These years destroy initiative. This gave factors and their differently schooled children an enormous advantage -- because they were not so suppressed. So, while the average person had been beaten down, they could come in to save the day by coordinating these beaten down people into enterprises.
But I think I also understand better the point that it is rarely those at the center of the current system who try to change it even if you would expect they have most power too.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-10 22:18:51
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
=?windows-1252?q?ING?=
There are two issues. One is employment as a "lagging indicator" after GDP growth, in part for reasons of cycles and stuff like lags in retraining and people making new businesses in response to "creative destruction". But, as I said, it is lagging further and further behind, to the point where it is going to catch up with the next recession. :-) And part of that is from what I think is "limited demand".
The second big area is how automation has affected jobs, and I think that is growing in importance, and this "Great Recession" is probably the tipping point on it. Or if not this one, certainly the next in another five years or so.
More by Marshall Brain:
"Marshall Brain Makes Splash With Structural Unemployment Message at Singularity Summit 08"
  Robot lovers and outsourcing opponents could soon have something in common: the fear that their jobs are at stake.
   In the future robots will take over many tasks performed by American workers today potentially leading to increased unemployment, says Marshall Brain, founder of How Stuff Works and author of e-book Robotic Nation.
   ?In theory we should all be able to go on a perpetual vacation as robots do all the work,? Brain told attendees in a presentation at the Singularity Summit in San Jose. ? Instead because of the way the economy is structured right now, when robots arrive it will have devastating effects on all of us because there will be so many unemployed people.?
   The implications of an increasingly automated economy could be dire for society unless we restructure our economy, he argues.
   While productivity has risen over the year, worker compensation has not kept pace and there is increasing concentration of wealth, says Brain.
   Developments in robotics means that technologists could be creating a second intelligent species, claims Brain. ?So far no credible evidence to indicate that there is more than one intelligent species in the universe, which is us,? he says. ?But that changes with the robots.?
   Computational power has significantly increased in the last two decades and is growing exponentially. In 1992, computers could perform about 300,000 operations per second. By 2022, it is likely to jump to a trillion operations per second and by 2042 it could be a quadrillion operations per second, predicts Brain.
   ?A $500 machine that can do that, whenever it happens, combined with vision and natural language processing could change how we look at robots,? he says.
   Potential applications of robots could then be in use as automatons in fast food restaurants, transportation, education, construction and retail among other areas. We will have robotic cashiers, robotic stocking, sweeping, help and cart retrieval at Wal-Mart,? says Brain.
   To deal with that version of the future, he suggests society should redesign the economy to get the benefits of automation.
   His solution? Spread the benefit of productivity to everyone by breaking the concentration of wealth, increase pay and reduce the work week. Sounds a lot like socialism, doesn?t it?
   The idea provoked a question from attendees. When industrialization first occurred there were fears of massive unemployment which never panned out. Why will the integration of robots into the workforce be any different?
   ?We didn?t create a second intelligent species 150 years ago,? says Brain.
   ?Now we are doing that with intelligence that will get better and better.?
As above, it is getting cheaper and cheaper. In the 1980s, we had a GE Robot Vision system in the robot lab I managed. It was a huge box almost the size of a refrigerator. With addons, it must have cost approaching US$100K, which was worth twice as much then with inflation. Now, you can do the same with some US$30 webcams and a $300 laptop (well, and maybe a USB electrical interface card). So, a drop in price by almost a factor of one thousand. Granted, the laptop and webcams are not industrially hardened, so you might have to add a little more considering the industrial nature, but it is at least a factor of one hundred reduction in cost overall, and the computers now could do so much more (that was black and white, now you can do color, that had a few vision system operations, now you can do much more). In many ways, there is just no comparison with how much more functional off-the-shelf computer systems can be now compared to those old wire-wrapped special purpose circuits. I've seen advertisements now for shoe-box sized devices with cameras you just clamp on your production line to do parts inspection and train them by example for probably (not sure exactly) only several thousand dollars. This is work that it used to take an employee to do. Now you can replace many of those inspectors with a small box.
Robots themselves are dropping in cost. Just look at the toy section of the store. For $50 you can get things that walk and fly. You can get more complex robots for US$2000 or so (the old Aibo robot dog). Humans are expensive considering health insurance, retirement, training, and so on -- an employee typically costs in the USA about US$100K to US$300K depending on what they do. Even at US$100K a flexible robot is cheaper than the person if it is low maintenance and can be used for just one year. And robots are cheaper than that.
The free market is going to drive this. We are one by one passing tipping points for all sorts of things. People are either replaced entirely or the jobs are deskilled so cheaper workers can do the work.
Even without robots, 3D printing, ShopBots, improved CNC machines, better design, better materials, and so on are all reducing production costs.
Basically, you can re-engineer many processes by better designs and better materials to remove most of the craft aspects. And 3D printing is going to do much of the stuff previously done as craft. Within twenty years most of that work will be, at best, a human interacting with some sort of complex robot-like device, where the team can output what now would take ten or a hundred people.
Manufacturing is, effectively, being automated away in the near future (even as, like agriculture, maybe 1% of the workforce might remain in it as "managers" of the robots). It's still interesting to think about how to help that process along, but people are actively doing it to cut costs. And this recession is probably inspiring a lot of companies to take the next steps to cut even more costs.
The next frontier is really services. And those are harder, because they are often less structured. You can control almost everything in a factory for a factory robot in a way that you can't for, say, a home-visiting nursebot. Teleoperation may help with that though; for example, one visiting human nurse could, from a central location, use a tele-operated nursebot in each person's home to do the nurse's rounds without travel time, probably doubling or tripling productivity, especially if more and more they could hand-off routine activities like changing bandages and maybe even run several nursebots at once. So, possibly, one nurse could do the work of ten nurses with telemedicine. You may think that is sci-fi, but the US military is actively developing related technology, and using some of it now as are Just one example of what is under development:
According to Colonel Ling, DARPA?s Trauma Pod Program places surgical teams where and when they are most needed. Basically, the program takes medicine to the patient by not using humans and integrates tele-robotic and robotic medical systems. The initial phase has successfully automated functions typically performed by the scrub nurse and circulating nurse. These functions are now performed by semi-autonomous robots working in coordination with the tele-robotic surgeon. So far, surgeons have performed complex surgical procedures on a simulation mannequin by operating a robot using the Trauma Pod operations console. Two procedures were performed without the aid of a scrub nurse, and the system correctly changed tools and dispensed supplies with 100 per accuracy.
Or what is used now:
Today in Alaska, telehealth has had had a huge impact and is used to identify many health issues much earlier. The network handles 12,000 cases per year, has 248 sites with care not only being delivered in Alaska but also delivered to other places such as Greenland, Panamanian prisons, and schools in Ohio. Both speakers emphasized that much has been accomplished and now telehealth provides care for many health issues including post surgical follow-ups, wound closure examinations, and post cochlear implant assistance. In addition, travel time is greatly saved since 8% of specialty consults are prevented with 20% travel time reduced for primary cases. This has saved AFHCAN $3.5 million in treating 43,800 patients. For every dollar spent by Medicaid on reimbursement, $7.95 is saved on travel costs.
Cost savings also implies less jobs, if you assume demand is limited.
That is obviously part of it.
But I think that is the older part of it.
The newer part is just the same thing that happened with agriculture going from 90% of employment to 1% of employment. Manufacturing in the USA has been going from 30% fifty years ago to 12% or less now, and is just going to keep going down. That just leaves employment in services. But services are much more volatile because you don't really need most of them. So, we saw a quick domino effect in the recent recession that surprised many economists in how fast it happened, as people just cut out so many services (plus cut back on luxury manufactured goods and high end food products like meat).
Retraining time is another part of it as people shift industries. But the fact is, many people who like manufacturing and have been doing it for a lifetime are not going to be happy about, say, a job as an insurance agent or mortgage broker (if we even need more of those).
Well, it's true people can be flexible. But they also get tired and bored. And they generate lawsuits. And they can quit after you trained them. Automation is a safer investment in that sense. And most products can be redesigned to be produced by automation. We really have not tried that hard so far. Flexibility is one issue -- needing to change production quickly, which is interlinked with other aspects of economics. But as software improves, and sensing improves, and digital design standards improve, it gets easier for automation to change what it does quickly.
I think the biggest difference is you are assuming automation will do it all. But even if it just amplifies one person on the shop floor, so they can do ten times as much, by basically being the manager of robots instead of doing stuff themselves, then that gets rid of a lot of jobs. So, in that sense, the issue is an improving partnership between humans and machines. But, that means that we need less humans in the factories.
Well, considering they now are struggling with an aging population and predictions of a labor shortage due to that, how long will that last? Besides, what you are describing is essentially a social policy of "make work" in a sense. How long will that last in a market system? I'm not saying crafts are bad -- I agree it's great for people to use their minds and hands together to do things. But now we're talking broad social policy (or EF Schumacher's Buddhist Economics), not free market economics.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-12-11 11:20:00
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Tick, tock, tick, tock? BING 
I feel that both you and Ryan miss Freeman Dyson's deeper point.
Global climate change is a slow motion issue. There are many things we can spend money on right now that will benefit the world far more in the near term (as well as the long term) than reducing CO2 emissions (like investing in nanotech research or educational computing or nuclear disarmament or getting everyone a basic income or thinking through the implications of advanced robotics and AI). And renewables are on track through exponential growth anyway for several reasons to replace most fossil fuels in two or there decades anyway. And no politically plausible plan to cut emissions is anywhere like what we would need to make a serious dent in CO2 anyway; they are changes in the rate of annual increase, not the annual increase itself. So, I think Freeman Dyson is right that a lot of this is theater and misplaced priorities and is all a distraction in that sense.
Yes, climate  change is happening for all sorts of reasons (and it has in the past, too), but we have more important issues to worry about as a society -- even things as basic as treating vitamin D deficiency or curing That said, I'm all for a US$500 per barrel equivalent tax on all fossil fuels. :-) With the money to be redistributed as a basic income. There are also many health issues of burning fossil fuels, like mercury pollution from burning coal, that for decades have been pressing reasons to abandon them. A "sin" tax to address externalities is much better than "cap and trade".
Similar ideas are suggested here by a prominent climate scientist, advocating a tax:
"Top NASA Climate Scientist: Copenhagen Must Fail" Also, Dyson has, before "Climategate" correctly pointed out how the scientific process has become corrupt in this area -- although one may extend that to almost all of science (as David Goodstein suggests). What Dyson was focused on was not "denialism" so much as the failure of science as a social enterprise to work in a fair and aboveboard way. And that links in with his longstanding criticism of the PhD system, as well.
So, that's what I think the bigger picture is, and Climategate is just one more example. Now, that does not mean the climate is not changing. But how people explore that in a scientific society, and also how we prioritize that issue relative to other big pressing issues that are being given low priority (like millions starving to death or suffering in various ways right now), those are big issues that are not on the table for discussion.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-01 08:53:13
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: More on the Supply and Demand Curve 
Michel Bauwens cites Andy Robinson as saying:
I posted the below to the Open Manufacturing list, but I am forwarding it to the P2P research list with some prefacing notes because I feel this analysis gets at the core of the difference in sentiment from classical capitalism and peer production (as well as issues related to a gift economy and a basic income). Essentially, I am trying to show that a specific key assumption of macroeconomics (infinite demand for consumer goods and services) is flawed, and to consider the consequences of assuming limited demand.
Classical macroeconomics assumes demand for consumer goods and services is unlimited (infinite), and so it makes sense to automate the production of these goods in centralized factories to the point where they are produced as cheaply as possible (or to redesign them to that end), even if the consequence is unemployment from automation and centralization and redesign, since (the theory goes) the unemployed will be able get jobs in other centralized factories producing other consumer goods and services to meet the assumed never ending infinite demand for more stuff and services. Essentially, infinite demand means infinite jobs. Also, based on the thinking that flows from this assumption, there is no need for a basic income, because there will always be good jobs producing goods and services, even if there may be some temporary discomfort while the unemployed search or new jobs in new industries making new goods and services (thus, maybe a little need for temporary unemployment insurance). The Supply and Demand Curve, at the core of such classical economic thinking, reflects this assumption of infinite demand by the asymptotic tail going to the left approaching but never touching the X-axis. The theory goes that each commodity is like this, and when you add up all these microeconomic curves for an infinite demand by people for each product if it was only cheap enough, you get a macroeconomic curve for our society that is the same shape reflecting an infinite demand for all products. It is easy to see limited demand for any specific good on a microeconomic level (my free iPhone example below, showing eventual market saturation), but the macroeconomic implications are easily handwaved away for any specific produce, even as the big curve depends on adding up the little curves -- essentially, there is some slight of hand here by mainstream economists, where the sum of macroeconomic demand is somehow greater than the microeconomic parts. :-)
However, if you instead assume limited demand (or, at least, demand growing more slowly than productivity, which has essentially the same effects) for all products added over all of an emotionally healthy society, where that tail of the curve on the Supply and Demand graph touches the X-axis at some point of material saturation (or service saturation) the macroeconomic implications are very different from classical economics. If that was true, that the curve touches the X-axis, then there would *not* be an infinite demand for goods and services, and so there would not be an infinite number of jobs as productivity increases so less people can produce more goods. So, rising productivity (given a stable population) would mean rising unemployment, either directly by layoffs or indirectly by "jobless recoveries" as we have already experienced in the USA. There would be no classical way for these unemployed people to get jobs, because there would be no demand for more goods and services beyond what were already being produced by other people augmented by machinery. And, with exponentially increasing technological capacity, including the development of ever more human-like robots, this jobs situation will only get worse from here on, as Marshall Brain talks about in "Robotic Nation" and "Manna".
There are at least four possible interpretations of the implications of limited demand (beyond mass unemployment). These interpretations, or paths of future development for our global society, are not necessarily mutually exclusive, although our society may tend more towards one depending on social movements.
A first interpretation is that there should then be a basic income, so everyone can have access to this productivity of goods and services by the few with jobs in a society. This is point made in the Triple Revolution memorandum in 1964, as well as Marshall Brain's Manna. For decades, there have been social movements towards this end; related laws were passed by the US House of Representatives (but no the Senate) during the Nixon administration, and there are several other historic and ongoing examples of this (like Canada, the Netherlands, Brazil, Namibia, and South Africa).
A second interpretation is that, at some point, the few can produce so much for the many, that it is easy to find a few who will produce just because they enjoy producing or do it because they want the results themselves, and thus we can have a gift economy. Debian GNU/Linux is a good example here, with a few hundred core maintainers providing free software used by a few hundred million people every day (including through Google searches). This is an example of a million-fold increase in value, with a few people mainly producing software for themselves but making possible a vast digital abundance of free and open source software and content due to extremely cheap (essentially free) duplication costs. We are just starting to see the beginnings of that in the physical world too, like with RepRap, CupCake CNC, Fab at Home, and other 3D printers under free licenses. This is a digital side of peer production.
The third intepretation is that at some point of productivity (probably already reached with CNC machines, 3D printers, agricultural crop diversity, permaculture, and the internet), it makes more sense to focus on the enjoyability of the work as play (Bob Black's point in "The Abolition of Work") as well as to emphasize the social nature of the work, even if productivity is not maximized (thus, leading to a reorganization of social relationships towards some joyful goal). E.F. Schumacher talks about this in "Buddhist Economics".  An example is various sorts of physical peer production done for a medium of exchange or barter, so, a local bicycle repair shop participating in a local currency system is an example of that, as would be all the other local community businesses also participating in this local economy. This physical side of peer production has different rules than the digital side because of high duplication and materials costs, but the digital and physical versions might converge as 3D printing and other types of digital fabrication spread, and as cradle-to-cradle design makes local recycling and resource extraction and more feasible in an environmentally responsible way.
The fourth interpretation is pathological IMHO. There are several related aspects to it, which essentially define our dominant culture today both in the USA and many other places. It is the thinking that demand needs to be stimulated by ever more advertising to get people to buy goods and services they don't really need and which don't really make them more happy. It is the thinking that production needs to be sabotaged by destroying equipment (by intelligence operatives or even unions) or that peer production needs to be slowed by suppressing ideologies of sharing and abundance (like shutting down the old Napster). It is the ideology of making production harder by extending copyrights and expanding patents in scope. It is the thinking behind creating day prisons to keep young people from producing things as well as dumbing them down to the point where they can only be mindless consumers, compliant but unproductive and uncreative workers, and where they will be obedient soldiers destroying abundance of lives and infrastructure when ordered. It is the thinking that creates a university PhD system putting out "Disciplined Minds" who can't examine these questions for ideological reasons or because they have not been assigned to do that. It is also to plan for the excess goods to be removed through war preparation (stockpiling arms) and eventually war making (using arms to destroy abundance). In this fourth state of mind, a global nuclear war to wipe the Earth clean of messy abundance would be a very good thing, because the capitalism could start over again with scarcity, thus preserving the ideological underpinnings of our capitalist (and imperialist) society by avoiding the part of the Supply and Demand curve that is drawn in error. (James P. Hogan's novel "Voyage From Yesteryear" has a character think that for a moment.)
So, abundance threatens this fourth world view, but it is this fourth world view that is dominant in many parts of our society, and may well have been time and time again in the past (see Daniel Quinn's writings). And, the irony is, the people who most support this world view to date have had the most access to post-scarcity technologies to spread, enforce, and realize this world view -- so they wield post-scarcity technologies like biotech, nuclear tech, computers, robots, nanotech, bureaucracy, the internet, the printing press, and many other things to suppress a post-scarcity society, by using post-scarcity technology to create and maintain artificial scarcities. The use of guns, germs, an steel to destroy most of the abundance based societies of the Americas in the second half of the second millennium (1500 to 2000) were an example of this. Einstein saw part of the problem when he said: "The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking...the solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind. If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker." But he missed that even mainstream watchmaking fits into this problem, both in how it is done in centralized factories now and in the nature of portable timepieces in relation to social control (see Philip Zimbardo's recent work on "The Time Paradox"). :-( But, Einstein got the big picture part about the change of heart right. :-)
So, "limited demand" is the theoretical underpinnings of what makes each of these first three possibilities a path that *should* to be pursued as mainstream economics generates "divide by zero" errors from limited demand; otherwise, some people will be tempted to continue along the fourth path that results from scarcity fears from trying to make a system work that is built around a flawed assumption, which probably leads eventually to somewhere most of us don't want to go (global war to destroy abundance, to make the facts fit the theory).
Still, as I said at the start, all four paths are not necessarily mutually exclusive, and our society is currently pursuing all four of them at once in different ways. What we can at best hope to do is shift the emphasis away from the fourth path (post-scarcity technology used to create artificial scarcity) and towards the first three (a basic income, a gift economy, and/or peer production -- all using post-scarcity technology to create (Michel, you can feel free to use any of this in the p2p blog if you think it of value. An artist putting two curves side by side, classical asymptotic and abundance one with a curve going from Y Axis to X axis and touching each, would add a lot to this presentation. :-)]
--Paul Fernhout
Forwarded note below:
"More on the Supply and Demand Curve"
-------- Original Message --------
Reply-To: openmanufacturing at googlegroups.com
Some more commends on the curve pictured here:
    I had previously written:
By the way, on limited demand, the classical theoretical Demand Curve here
should touch the X axis to the right side rather than parallel it, because
psychologically healthy humans have a limited demand for material things
(even if that demand may be higher than what we have now globally):
     That curve touching the X axis (meaning a fixed maximum quantity and a zero
price for additional units) would produce the divide by zero error in
macroeconomics. :-)
Which spreads, since as the article says: "The demand curve for all
consumers together follows from the demand curve of every individual
consumer: the individual demands at each price are added together."
Which leads to widespread joblessness in the face of better technology,
because there is no longer a way to create new jobs making things, whether
goods or services.
That is the "smoking gun" of the failure of classical economics an the
beginnings of a new theory of abundance. :-)
A basic income is one way to address this.
I've been thinking more about this and some other things occur to me.
==== The Y Axis
The Supply and Demand graph should touch the Y Axis as well. That would be a
point where no one will purchase a product because it is too expensive or no
one has that much money who might otherwise want it.
That has a few implications too. That spot on the Y axis is where the human
races starves to death in a mechanized system (food is too expensive for
anyone left out of the system, even though machines could produce it
easily). That is the point of unrealized dreams -- stuff people might want
(like self-replicating space habitats) but which the people who want it
don't have enough money to pay for it. There might be some other
implications as well.
==== Houses of Buffet and Gates
As an example of limited demand, we can look at the houses of two of the
richest people in the world, Warren Buffet and Bill Gates.
First, Warren Buffet's house:
    "In 1957, Buffett had three partnerships operating the entire year. He
purchased a five-bedroom stucco house in Omaha, where he still lives, for
Now, that's probably a nice house, and well maintained, but it is not a
sprawling castle. is net worth of US$37 billion. He could afford a sprawling
castle, but he chooses not to. He has limited his demand.
According to that page, Warren Buffet pays himself a salary of US$100,000.
That is another way he is limiting his demand.
Now, Bill Gates is more extreme, but not that much more in some ways. From:
    "The Gateses' home is an earth-sheltered house in the side of a hill
overlooking Lake Washington in Medina, Washington. According to King County
public records, as of 2006 the total assessed value of the property (land
and house) is $125 million, and the annual property tax is $991,000. His
66,000 sq. ft. estate has a 60-foot swimming pool with an underwater music
system, as well as a 2500 sq. ft. gym and a 1000 sq. ft. dining room."
The average home size for new construction in the USA is about 2300 square
    "Behind the Ever-Expanding American Dream House"
    So, Bill Gate's home is about thirty times the average new US home size. But
what does this prove? Bill Gate's net worth (after donations) is currently
about US$40 billion. But, from:
"Across all groups, the 2007 median net worth was $120,300 and the mean was
$556,300 (guys like Bill Gates and Warren Buffett really mess things up)."
So, even working from the average (which includes home equity), we can see
that Bill Gates has a net worth 80,000 times the average. But, his home is
only thirty times the average in size. So, even in this case, Bill Gates is
showing incredible restraint, as well as a recognition of the law of
diminishing returns -- a much bigger home is not likely to make him much
And, Bill Gates' job as CEO of a big company may require him to entertain,
so there are aspects of that house that are no doubt more like a hotel or
conference center or technology demonstrator than a home. That is not a
common need of most people to that degree.
So, between two of the richest guys in the world, we can see limited demand
in action. Sure, these guys may own other stuff (I don't know) like planes
or yachts or other homes, they might buy stuff for their kids, but I doubt
they buy for personal use anywhere near 100,000 times what the average
person in the USA consumes.
They do own companies, but essentially they chose to use that ownership more
for social control than for providing themselves with lots of stuff, given
how much stuff they could have if they sold their holdings. Essentially,
these two guys are living proof of limited demand for consumer goods in the
face of abundance (at least, for the moderately psychological healthy,
although even there, these two guys may not be the best examples, given they
are otherwise financially obese likely for some dysfunctional psychological
==== Free iPhones
Here is another way to look at this. Imagine the open manufacturing mailing
list pooled its money and decided to give free iPhones to whoever wanted
them in the world, :-) what would be the demand? We could hire someone like
Nobel Prize winner in Economics Paul Krugman to do the math. :-)  Brilliant
guy that he is, he might suggest there would be three sets of demands for
such a good: primary, secondary, and tertiary (I'm making these terms up,
pretending to be him. :-).
Primary is the intended use, so as a personal communicator, there is not
that much more demand for iPhones in the globe than the human population, or
about seven billion people. Sure, some people would want spares, one for
home and office and car, and so on, but the demand there is limited by the
population times some small multiplier, so maybe a few tens of billions of
them. At $200 a piece in quantity, that's about US$6 trillion dollars or so
for 30 billion iPhones at about for or five per person. I'm sure we could
swing that if we tried on the OM list (like if open manufacturing got a few
of those banking bailouts from the USA. :-)
Secondary demand would be clever repositioning related to its unique
attributes. So, people might want free iPhones to build supercomputers, or
to build display walls, or to build into toys, or to take them apart to get
the electronic parts to use for other things, or people might want the
batteries to build into electric cars. So, the entire electronic industry
might reorganize itself around free iPhones. Everyone wants some
electronics, plus infrastructure needs some, so, let's say there might be a
demand for 1000 iPhones per person globally for parts, or about seven
trillion iPhones, or about $1400 trillion dollars worth of iPhones. We'd
have to call in some derivatives to swing that much cash, but maybe we
could? :-) Obviously, this is a dumb way to organize an electronic industry,
but that might be what happens if iPhones were the *only* free product in
the world.
Then there is tertiary demand, where the product is just used for its value
as mass. So, we might use iPhones instead of gravel in concrete (assuming
they were as good), or we might build houses out of iPhones, or we might
burn iPhones to produce power. Clearly, there might be a demand for
quadrillions of iPhones for this sort of use. So, maybe a million trillion
dollars worth of iPhones? That is probably well within our abilities on the
open manufacturing list, although it would take changes to banking computer
balances to magic up the money, the kind of thing the Federal reserve does
legally, and which it would have to do in extreme; naturally I'm not
advocating anyone do that illegal thing themselves, this is just a thought
experiment -- I'm sure magicking a million trillion US dollars would get
noticed, at the very least, whoever did it. :-) You can't even slip by a
measly fourteen trillion dollars these days:
"Miami man charged with trying to con federal government out of $14 trillion"
Maybe soon those numbers will seem small though:
    "Germany went through its worst inflation in 1923. In 1922, the highest
denomination was 50,000 Mark. By 1923, the highest denomination was
100,000,000,000,000 Mark. In December 1923 the exchange rate was
4,200,000,000,000 Marks to 1 US dollar. In 1923, the rate of inflation hit
3.25 ? 106 percent per month (prices double every two days). Beginning on
November 20, 1923, 1,000,000,000,000 old Marks were exchanged for 1
Rentenmark so that 4.2 Rentenmarks were worth 1 US dollar, exactly the same
rate the Mark had in 1914."
But here is the key point -- even in the worst tertiary case in our
hypothetical open manufacturing project to give out free iPhones to anyone
for any reason, demand would end. We'd all build Bill Gates' size homes out
of iPhones, or Warren Buffet smaller houses out of iPhones -- and then we'd
stop. We'd crush iPhones to repair the roads connecting our houses, and
then, roads built or repaired, we'd stop. Granted, if we burned iPhones to
get power, maybe that would continue at some level, but it would not be an
infinite level, it would be some fixed annual level related to seven billion
people living in Bill Gates' size homes. It would be *limited* demand, even
if it was *large* demand.
And, once all that pent up demand for free iPhones was met, what would be
the value of the next iPhone out of an open manufacturing 3D printer?
*Zero*. The next iPhone would be worthless because people would not want it,
just like when people in the wild have so many blueberry bushed blooming all
at once they can't pick and eat all the berries. The extra stuff falls to
the ground and rots, as would any extra iPhones at that point, even if our
economy was built around them. More iPhones would be about as valuable as
more seawater at the seashore.
So, that Supply and Demand curve is wrong. At some point, the value of more
products is zero in an economy of mentally healthy somewhat rational
economic actors -- even in absurd situations like grinding up free iPhones
to pave roads.
==== Time cost of handling "free" goods
Here is another way to look at that issue of limited demand. Every consumer
product has a handling cost in terms of free time that could otherwise be
spent with friends and family and nature and other activities. Every iPhone
we buy requires opening the box, reading the manual, charging it, finding a
place to put it, worrying about it getting damaged, cleaning it, and
eventually disposing of it somehow. Everything we own, also owns us. Now,
that cost is not very noticeable when you pay a lot for a product. When you
pay US$6000 for a computer, an hour to unpack it, or a corner of your desk
to place it on, or a final trip to the recycling center to get rid of it,
all those activities don't seem like much of a cost. But, when a computer
only costs $100, then you start thinking, how much is my time worth to me?
And it gets to the point that even if the computer was free, and as good as
the one you paid $6000 for many years ago, it just isn't worth your time to
get it, even if a store is giving you one for free. I pass up "free"
computers all the time at the local recycling center.
This is similar in some ways that the cost of operating system software at
$200 is nothing for a $6000 computer, but it is a ridiculously high cost to
add to $100 of computer hardware. At some point, the non-monetary costs
related to our time and environment (including pollution, but also just
space used) become the obvious dominant costs for handling "free" goods. The
true cost of anything is never the price tag, but the price tag plus our
time (as well as hidden costs related to the life cycle like disposal). So,
given every free good still costs us in time, even in a world of StarTrek
matter replicators, we would become choosy about what free goods we want.
The same is true on the internet -- there are billions of free web pages and
emails like this one out there, and yet each one takes time to read, so we
become choosy how much we let into our lives.
So, even in a world of an enormous amount of free web pages and other free
goods and free services, demand for them is limited by the human capacity to
consume them. Demand is even limited by the human capacity to even *waste*
them, like in the example above using iPhones for things like road
construction materials.
=== Implications
Anyway, I hope I have made the case that demand is limited. It's true,
people will invent new products, but it is also true that the best things in
life are already cheap or free, and more products distract from enjoying
those (not to mention that new products almost always replace old ones --
the truly new product category is very rare).
And if demand is limited, then if we can produce more and more products with
less and less people using automation and better design and better
processes, the number of people who need to work in a conventional economy
is limited and falling. (There can always be an enormous need for
human-to-human interaction, but most of that has always been outside the
conventional economy, and rationing human-to-human contact has never been
the main point of mainstream economics, and even it it became so, we would
then see human-like robots providing those services to most people.)
Thus, as technology improves, there will be less jobs making goods and
providing services. Thus, we will see the world of Marshall Brain's
Terrafoam (from "Manna") unless we transform our economy.
Mainstream economics denies this; again from 1964:
    "As machines take over production from men, they absorb an increasing
proportion of resources while the men who are displaced become dependent on
minimal and unrelated government measures?unemployment insurance, social
security, welfare payments. These measures are less and less able to
disguise a historic paradox: That a substantial proportion of the population
is subsisting on minimal incomes, often below the poverty line, at a time
when sufficient productive potential is available to supply the needs of
everyone in the U.S. The existence of this paradox is denied or ignored by
conventional economic analysis."
So, this note is to show exactly where, at its most basic, mainstream
economics goes wrong in the first day of classes, or on the first page of
every textbook. And by basic formal logic, once you've made a serious bad
assumption, everything else that rests on it is suspect.
Or, as is said here:
    "Confessions of a Recovering Economist*"
    "A recovering economist can confess - even in public - that they might have
something to learn from other disciplines. Turn to your friends, those who
haven't been hypnotized by supply and demand graphs, for help in
understanding the world and how it works."
Still, the Roman Catholic church burned people at the stake for not
believing in the church's dogma, and functioning in a Roman Catholic country
would be hard if you did not talk the talk (whatever you believed in
private). (That was true for other religions, too, of course, Catholics have
no monopoly on intolerance.) So, the fact that mainstream economic ideology
is based on half-truths like the classical Supply and Demand Curve does not
mean that the religion of economics has any less hold on our lives and our
behaviors. If everyone believes in the Supply and Demand curve, and acts
like it was true, and fights or disgraces or makes jobless anyone who says
it is not true, then, for all intensive purposes, that curve of scarcity is
"true" (or, true enough). Mainstream economic ideology thus creates the
scarcities it bemoans, through artificial means, by using the post-scarcity
informational technologies of printing, bureaucracy, lecturing, schooling,
mass-media, electronic Kanban-like fiat-dollar tokens, charitable and
government dollars subsidizing economics professorships, and so on, to
reinforce the ideology of scarcity and competition. The religion of
economics gets us to virtually hang up a portrait of the Supply and Demand
curve in all our sacred institutions like Congress or Universities or the
White House, as a continual reminder of that ideology. But, as I have shown,
ultimately that curve is a half-truth built on flawed assumptions about
human nature and technology.
The Protestant Reformation took centuries:
    and it is questionable if it really made things any better, :-) so who knows
where we will end up from here or how long exactly it will take? Still, I
feel within twenty years or so, with 3D printing, we will see a huge mind
shift on this topic. But it may be hard in the interim.
By the way, Catholics on abundance since the 1950s:
    "Welcome to the new on-line version of the ?Michael? Journal, which exists
since 1953 in its printed version, to promote Catholic principles and the
Social Credit monetary reform, conceived by the Scottish engineer Clifford
Hugh Douglas. You will find in the following links a mine of information on
all that is related to this journal: ..."
And also from there:
    "Barack Obama is a man of consummate skill and incisive intelligence. (His
name "Barack," in Arabic and Swahili, means "blessed.") He can become a
great President, or he can become a toady for the corporate powers that have
brought both parties to their knees. Will Obama be the servant of Wall
Street or Main Street, the servant of the bankers or of ordinary people?
Obama has much to offer. But he needs prayer... for when one considers who
advises and surrounds him, it would take a real miracle for him to buck the
system and stand for the ordinary people. ... We know who are the greedy and
irresponsible people: the international bankers. The dogma that states that
only the debt-money borrowed at interest from private bankers is good, and
not the money issued interest-free by society, is a worn out dogma that
should no longer be in use. The production capacity of the nation has not
diminished, it is only the artificial money system that is defective and
needs to be corrected. Our nation will be really rich if every citizen can
benefit from the fruits of progress and natural resources, through a
dividend (since we are all shareholders in the resources and inventions of
our nation)."
(Personally I feel it unfair to blame the "bankers" -- that is like blaming
the Cardinals and the Pope for the Inquisition. It was a whole big social
network and ideology thing full of complex feed-back loops, same as our
belief in the mainstream Supply and Demand curve.)
We can all grow and change in different ways, like Catholics going back to
deeper roots of abundance, and maybe someday economists and the rest of us
too. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-02 11:40:54
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: More on the Supply and Demand Curve 
Just the same graph as in Wikipedia with the curve shifted over a bit to the left and down to touch the X and Y axis.
   OK, so I downloaded some free software (Inkscape) and made a new version of that, derived from the Wikipedia source. :-)
It is here:
   "The Supply and Demand Curve, if demand is ultimately limited"
   Where the demand curve touches the Y axis is labeled "Poverty", where the demand curve touches the X axis is labeled "Demand Saturation", and where the supply curve flattens is labeled "Abundance" with a cornucopia spiral. I hope the SVG renders well for others, especially with the translucent sections?
One can move up the supply curve by increasing productivity, or, one can lower the demand curve to bring abundance at a lower level of productivity by voluntary simplicity.
Demand is only defined by economists as demand by people with money, so global abundance would require some sort of social equity process like a basic income, or widespread local charity, or widespread widely distributed ownership of local means of flexible production (like "hyperproductive" peer production or self-replicating 3D printers).
Here is the reason for choosing a spiral for abundance, related to a Native American tradition:
   "In our Seneca Tradition, the Field of Plenty is seen as a spiral that has its smallest revolution out in space and its' largest revolution near the Earth. This shape could be likened to an upside-down tornado. When our Ancestors assisted the Pilgrims in planting Corn and raising crops so they would not starve, we taught them the understanding of the Field of Plenty by bringing the cornucopia baskets full of vegetables. The Iroquois women wove these baskets as a physical reminder that Great Mystery provides through the Field of Plenty. The Pilgrims were taught that giving prayers of gratitude was not just a Christian concept. The Red Race understood thanksgiving on a daily basis. The Field of Plenty is always full of abundance.  The gratitude we show as Children of Earth allows the ideas within the Field of Plenty to manifest on the Good Red Road so we may enjoy these fruits in a physical manner. When the cornucopia was brought to the Pilgrims, the Iroquois People sought to assist these Boat People in destroying their fear of scarcity. The Native understanding is that there is always enough for everyone when abundance is shared and when gratitude is given back to the Original Source. The trick was to explain the concept of the Field of Plenty with few mutually understood words or signs. The misunderstanding that sprang from this lack of common language robbed those who came to Turtle Island of a beautiful teaching. Our "land of the free, home of the brave" has fallen into taking much more than is given back in gratitude by its citizens. Turtle Island has provided for the needs of millions who came from lands that were ruled by the greedy. In our present state of abundance, many of our inhabitants have forgotten that Thanksgiving is a daily way of living, not a holiday that comes once a year."
That's very insightful, and much more concise and eloquent than my post. :-)
Now that you point it out, I can wonder if I saw it before and forgot about it, it is so similar in scope? So, maybe my comments on this topic are all inspired by Roberto's?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-02 13:12:37
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: More on the Supply and Demand Curve 
Any specific pointers to stuff on finite demand as it relates to employment from a macroeconomic perspective would be appreciated.
OK. Then why is the curve typically drawn not touching the X axis?
Thanks. Yes, I really want to understand this, and contribute to our collective understanding of it. If I am wrong, I am wrong. But I'd like to see exactly where and how I am wrong, so I can learn from that. :-)
OK. I can believe that.
But it may be useful to press those assumptions, to bring them out in the open, and show when they are wrong, and how alternatives like peer production (or a basic income or a gift economy or something else) may make more sense given different assumptions. And it is doing a lot of that. I'm just trying to press on this one point.
Maybe I won't succeed at that. But someone else might.
But it seems to me that much of any economic research will be handwaved away as meaningless unless we can point to exactly what conventional assumptions are problematical when made by economists promoting other approaches (like globalization or increasing competition or lowering wages or busting unions and so on).
Alternatively, irrefutable widespread success on the ground will obviously will have more impact that theory (usually how theories change :-), but that may be hard to achieve when the ideologically driven hierarchy is fighting against the change (so, this is not so much like an astrophysics theory, although even then, unorthodox astronomers get denied telescope time).
   Still, it is the belief in the conventional assumptions and theory and related ideology that justifies so many repressive scarcity oriented policies at the government level. For example, organic farmers have trouble thriving in a market dominated by conventional agriculture that is receiving all sorts of government subsidies, and those subsidies to conventional agriculture are driven by all sorts of economic assumptions which various interest groups then use to sway the politics. By itself, theory is not enough, of course. But a plausible theory or plausible assumption can be the gathering point for the political push for change.
He says stuff like this (from 2003):
   The "Jobless Recovery" that we are currently experiencing in the U.S. is big news. See for example The Mystery of the 'jobless recovery': "Consider these facts: Employment growth at the moment is the lowest for any recovery since the government started keeping such statistics in 1939. The labor force shrank in July as discouraged workers stopped seeking employment. The number of people employed has fallen by more than 1 million since the "recovery" began in the fall of 2001." [ref] The Washington Post notes that we are now witnessing, "the longest hiring downturn since the Depression". [ref] The article also notes, "The vast majority of the 2.7 million job losses since the 2001 recession began were the result of permanent changes in the U.S. economy and are not coming back." There is no mystery -- the jobless recovery is exactly what you would expect in a robotic nation. When automation and robots eliminate jobs, they are gone for good. The economy then has to invent new jobs. But it is much harder to do that now because robots can quickly fill the new jobs that get invented. See the FAQ for additional information.
 > The "automation means unemployment" theory has no empirical
See the above example as the beginning of a refutation. :-)
Certainly history up to the last decade or so often supports your point:
   Still, in the USA, some people say we are now at 15% to 20% unemployment by 1970s standards. With no end in sight for rising unemployment. The economy may come back, but maybe not the jobs, as a "jobless recovery".
If about 2% of workers farm, and about 12% of workers manufacture, where is the room for growth in those types of jobs?
All we  have left for job growth is services. (Unless everyone takes reduced work-weeks, which is unlikely in the USA given the way benefits are structured.)
And *anything* that can be done from a desk or over the phone or through the internet can be off-shored now. And soon, it may be done more and more by a computer-based artificial intelligence. The fact that a lot of people in India speak English and are willing to work for low wages by US standards has been holding back some investment in AI in the USA, same as how illegal immigrants (often Mexicans) working for low wages has held back agricultural automation in the USA. But that is all changing, as computers are slowly starting to produce better results even cheaper that paying people below minimum wage.
In my opinion, and that of many other technologists who look at what robotics can do even just now, over the next two to three decades, there is no future for most US American jobs -- except maybe for some hands-on jobs that are the most difficult to automate like home-health care aids (and which often pay poorly), for some security functions that relate to humans being in charge of machines, and maybe a few other niche areas.
Try it. Name ten jobs that aren't easy to automate, and then we can think about how we could automate them or redesign the system so they were not needed. I'll suggest no one here could name ten paying jobs that are not conceivably automatable or could not be designed around in the near future, at least as far as replacing 90% of the current workers in that field.
For example, even most home health care aids could be replaced if people had a basic income and so could help neighbors and relatives more. Or most home care aids could be replaced by improved technology in various ways, whether better diapers or advanced robots:
   "Nursebot Says Sit Up and Eat Your Nice Jell-O "
   Japan is pushing the envelope on these health care robots in part through xenophobia; the USA instead brings in foreigners as cheap health care workers. In either case, there is pressure to keep those wages down. In fact, if the wages for many things in the USA like agricultural labor or meat packing had not been kept down by illegal immigration, those jobs might have been automated long ago.
Can anyone explain and cite references as to why the obvious statement that automation (and improved design) destroys jobs at this point in our society is not true? Yes, people can point to earlier cases where it was not true, but I am talking about the last decade or two, where we can clearly see saturation of demand and diminishing returns on increasing consumption, at least in the USA.
I'd suggest the case is more like that the USA is bulging at the seams from too many material goods and services. Is the USA like an obese Mr. Creosote about to blow up, as shown graphically in Monty Python's "The Meaning of Life"? :-)
   Warning: this is an incredible gross video clip of Mr. Creosote, even if it may be an accurate assessment of the implications of the US economic system's logic of ever expanding production and consumption: :-)
   "Mr Creosote (Monty Python)"
   If anyone can cite sources as to why rising productivity through automation and improved design does not *eventually* destroy jobs and lead to mass unemployment in a global market, then we will probably be talking about infinite demand again. :-) Which is my point. It's basic mathematics. If productivity continues to rise, then there is less need for workers if demand is fixed (assuming a fixed population size). Only if you create demand for some new thing that does not replace some old thing will there be more jobs. But human attention is limited.
As I wrote this I see Michel's post mentioning Roberto Verzola making a related point in January, which I can wonder if I saw back then and stuck in my unconscious mind somewhere:
In reality, psychologically healthy people stop eating long before they explode like Mr. Creosote did. But, the argument that increasing productivity does not destroy jobs assumes we will all be Mr. Creosotes in some or all sectors of our lives forever -- and without exploding. Even if it is conventional wisdom, and even if the facts have seemingly upheld it so far taken across the entire economy even as agriculture and manufacturing have imploded, it would seem like an economic argument that goes against basic common sense would need some significant obvious easily verifiable Related google search:
   Example search result:
   "Automation a bigger deal than offshoring?"
"Offpeopling" may be the latest turn of phrase to describe job trends, and it's the focus of a blog launched Friday.  Consultant Richard Samson argues that the replacement of human workers by technology is a bigger deal than the much-publicized offshore trend. And he's turned to the increasingly popular Web log, or blog, medium to share his views. Dubbed "Automatic Abundance," the blog is slated to provide alerts on topics such as tasks that are shifting to machines, income opportunities that are relatively safe from automation and emerging business ideas consistent with the trend. "It's happening every day, right before our eyes, but few notice," Samson said in a statement Friday. "A child born today will find very few of today's jobs in the want ads when graduating from college. Most work tasks done now by people will be done by smart technology within 20 or 30 years."
Looks like the blog mentioned there has not been kept up to date:
   But Marshall Brain's has:
   and at the top of it right now is a robot grape vine pruner:
  Just think about the implications of that video. You see a vision system using stereo imaging to create a 3D model of arbitrary plant structures and deciding where to prune the vines. That is a real system working in a real field on real plants (even if it is still a new system, and may have issues).
Let's look at the history.
Job destruction has happened in US agriculture, over the past 200 years, going from about 80% of the workforce to 2% of the workforce (plus industrial support, which may be another 2%?).
   And that is even with now feeding most of the grain and soybean output to cattle and other animals, where it is wastefully transformed to animal protein at anywhere from a three-to-one to ten-to-one ratio. Otherwise US farmers by a recent estimate could feed over two billion people just by themselves. If meat consumption had not risen (along with a lot of ill health effects), we would need practically no farmers needed in the USA (less than 1%). As well as a lot less doctors. :-) Or, about two million farmers in the USA and elsewhere could be feeding seven billion vegetarians. So, obviously, food production is not an issue in today's society from a work point-of-view -- only food delivery and transformation and politics are problematical. And agricultural work for most of those vegetarian calories more and more means sitting in an air conditioned tractor listening to music while the tractor drives itself:
   "Cutting Alfalfa on GPS"
      "Tractor Tunes? UTV Stereo System "
   Even Africa could feed the world by this standard:
"Africa alone could feed the world "
All those starving African children? Just a tragic result of the politics of a scarcity-focused word view, enforced using post-scarcity weapons technology, including promulgating mainstream economics through universities. People have long known you can grind up rock for fertilizer:
   Granted, for food production to be sustainable, it would need to be done differently, but that really is not that much more labor intensive than twice what we do now or so. Sustainable agriculture is just less profitable in the short term, for the extra effort required to rebuild the soil or doing more knowledge intensive organic production or return sewage to the soil in an organic way (like the Chinese have done for 40 centuries). But, why should we not do agriculture in a more sustainable way if most people like to be around growing plants and most people were otherwise unemployed? There are a lot more people now who want to farm than can (because of the high price of buying a farm, and the undesirability of working for someone else for low wages competing against illegal immigrants and farm automation).
Job destruction has happened in US manufacturing over the past 50 years, going (in round numbers) from about 30% of the workforce to about 10% (granted, some of that was offshoring, otherwise it would be, guessing, 15%). From a 2001 report (manufacturing is even lower now, and the figure of 19% there is for more than manufacturing):
   "Over the course of the 20th century, the composition of the labor force shifted from industries dominated by primary production occupations, such as farmers and foresters, to those dominated by professional, technical, and service workers. At the turn of the century, about 38 percent of the labor force worked on farms. By the end of the century, that figure was less than 3 percent. Likewise, the percent who worked in goods-producing industries, such as mining, manufacturing, and construction, decreased from 31 to 19 percent of the workforce. Service industries were the growth sector during the 20th century, jumping from 31 percent of all workers in 1900 to 78 percent in 1999."
Even there, the fact that unemployment did not decrease more is mostly due to a huge increase in the number of consumer goods the average family has stared in houses twice the size of the 1950s, along with multiple large personal vehicle (cars, boats, snowmobiles), as well as massive exports to other countries as they rebuilt after WWII or they rebuilt (or built) after Colonialism. Still, digital fabrication is getting so cheap, it is becoming the next big hobby, with digital sewing machines, RepRap, CNC routers, and so on. And hand tools of all sorts are very cheap -- things with remarkable blades and long life motors and great balance, even cordless tools.
Ironically, the executives who only push paper around in corporations go home on weekend and putter about with tools in their workshops and gardens.
So, two examples of historic job destruction. Granted, service jobs have replaced those job losses. But what is the future of the service sector in the age of the internet? Service jobs are a place where peer-production shines -- either in a free information commons or in doing reciprocal physical things like cutting each other's hair, or doing other services that can be more easily bartered as they entail little per-transaction material The text below was written around 1991 by Juliet B. Schor:
   "Since 1948, productivity has failed to rise in only five years. The level of productivity of the U.S. worker has more than doubled.  In other words, we could now produce our 1948 standard of living (measured in terms of marketed goods and services) in less than half the time it took in that year. We actually could have chosen the four-hour day. Or a working year of six months. Or, every worker in the United Stares could now be taking every other year off from work-with pay.  Incredible as it may sound, this is just the simple arithmetic of productivity growth in operation. But between 1948 and the present we did not use any of the productivity dividend to reduce hours. In the first two decades after 1948, productivity grew rapidly, at about 3 percent a year. During that period worktime did not fall appreciably. Annual hours per labor force participant fell only slightly. And on a per-capita (rather than a labor force) basis, they even rose a bit. Since then, productivity growth has been lower, but still positive, averaging just over 1 percent a year. Yet hours have risen steadily for two decades. In 1990, the average American owns and consumes more than twice as much as he or she did in 1948, but also has less free time. How did this Industrial productivity has probably almost doubled again since 1991 between automation and improved designs, suggesting people could live a 1948 standard of living on a two-hour work day for just the able-bodied adult males in the society. Granted, parenting and housekeeping still takes a lot of work, stuff not usually considered in economic figuring, but even that can be rethought, and sadly has, with TV and school and video games and the internet replacing a lot of parenting by parents and socialization by Why have we not seen massive unemployment then in manufacturing beyond the workforce dropping by about one half during that time period? Part of the reason is that advertisement, exports, and rising expectations have all propped up demand. But each have reached the point of diminishing returns, or even collapse, as people begin to embrace voluntary simplicity and a more conscious lifestyle, or simply just find they have enough stuff, and the bigger problem is getting rid of it.
   Economics professor Richard Wolff explains another aspect of that here, that real wages have not risen since the 1970s, with instead the money going to corporate profits which are then loaned to workers instead of given as pay:
   So, we've seen a rising debt burden and rising work hours to keep this economy going this long, and consumption is still falling behind production, thus the economic contraction now as capitalism hits the fan.
We have reached the end of what is reasonably possible on using advertising and other social pressures to increase consumption (even as it may still set preferences between two alternatives or shape attention in other ways). We are at the point where, for those with jobs, consuming more stuff has gone beyond the point of diminishing returns, where it has negative benefit, like with Mr. Creosote, displacing healthy human relationships and exercise and experiences in nature and "free time".
In the USA, as a society, we have become like Mr. Creosote, ready to explode from all the abundance of material stuff which we have consumed instead of having healthier social peer interactions. And for those without jobs, they often have too much stress from that situation to enjoy their free time, and they are stigmatized or have no access to social networks that often revolve around work or school.
Our economy and society is now collapsing under the social problem of all this. But at the same time, mainstream economists are oblivious to this problem it seems, just suggesting it will all fix itself and get back to the way it was with some new jobs, maybe with a little government stimulus to bridge the gap until the good times (for economists) come back. Granted, we have let our physical infrastructure go in the USA, and there is a need for producing more green energy, but even all that won't really change much of this in the long term. If the US was not spending so much on war and school and prisons, all to destroy abundance in practice whatever their stated goal, we might have seen this social crisis even sooner.
Many of the happiest countries have much less material goods than the USA,
equivalent in overall consumer goods more to a 1940s US lifestyle.
   So, it would seem the USA has long passed the point of diminishing returns.
Or from:
   "According to a 2005 editorial, published in the British Medical Journal and written by Dr. Tony Delamothe, research done in Mexico, Ghana, Sweden, the U.S. and the U.K. shows that individuals typically get richer during their lifetimes, but not happier. It is family, social and community networks that bring joy to one's life, according to Delamothe."
So, as the rest of the world increases production and wealth, and the US gradually exports less (already we see that with the failure of the US automotive industry), and other countries like China also eventually export less, we will see the entire notion of industrial jobs change. Some graphics on the global situation and predictions of rising global abundance:
   OK, so agricultural jobs are gone. Manufacturing jobs are going. What does that leave? Service jobs. But informational jobs want to be peer production in a free commons. What is really left as "jobs"? Almost all the new "service" jobs in the USA don't pay well, have poor working conditions, and have no benefits (stuff like waitressing), and the ones that are better tend to be working for government involved in what Jane Jacobs called "transactions of decline".
   Here is a list I put together last year. Consider who could pay for goods and services based on job income in thirty years, if robotics continues to develop just at the current rate over the last thirty years.
Check out clerks?
   "Your supermarket cashier may not know a kiwano from a tamarillo, but
Veggie Vision does."
Cab drivers?
    Heart Surgeons?
    Airline pilots?
        "Robot nurse escorts and schmoozes the elderly"
    "AKIBA ROBOT FESTIVAL 2006: Actroid Female Robot"
        Migrant agricultural labor?
    "AgBo Agricultural Robot"
                "robot artist draws portraits"
        "Evolutionary Design by Computers"
        "Could Robots Replace Humans in Mines?"
    Writer? (Well, these need a little work. :-)
    "SCIgen - An Automatic CS Paper Generator"
        "General Writing / Plot / Story Generators"
    If conventional economics continues to hold sway, there will be a massive push to continued automation because it will eventually be cheaper, as the prices of computing falls. But, there is already a problem from a jobs perspective. We're already shutting down automotive companies in part from having too many good cars in the USA. How many cars does a family need?
You'd be right to point out many of these automation attempts are works in progress. But it is pretty clear that for most jobs, it is not a matter of whether automation can do it, but *when* automation will be cheaper than people (or whether it will be socially acceptable). And even before the automation fully replaces people, it will let one person produce even more and even faster, as they either use a machine to amplify their abilities or supervise multiple machines doing most of the work. Thus, for example, we are seeing many US manufacturing firms grow without adding staff. For example, they might implement a Kiva system:
   "Warehouse Robots at Work"
   One comment: "We have these where I work. I love them! They are amazing, oh, and we didn't lay people off either, it just? boosted our efficiency. They really are neat to work with"
But how many very efficient mail order company fulfillment houses do we need? So, eventually, this means job loss in the less-efficient non-automated firms, which just go out of business destroying all the company's jobs. Plus, once you put in a Kiva system, why not start thinking about automating picking stuff out of bins and sticking it in shipping boxes? It's only a matter of time. It would save on air conditioning costs and then the facility could run twenty four hours a day.
If there are infinite jobs to produce infinite goods, this is not an issue, because infinity makes all things possible. There would be a job for every able-bodied person who wanted one if there was infinite demand (although many jobs might still entail boredom and the low wages of competing with machines in a race to the bottom). But if there are finite jobs producing finite goods, then automation (of both goods production and services) will mean widespread job loss eventually, once other trends, like rising global expectations supporting US exports, play out. And this also has implications for peer production, because peer production will need to compete against heavily automated production requiring a lot of capital up-front.
But, to be clear, I feel job loss is a good thing for our society -- as long as we make social changes to accommodate it (basic income, gift economy, peer production). I'm not against automation in that sense (although I might ask, how do we want to automate to have a secure and democratic and joyful society? Automation can produce alienation.)
   "Automation"
   For example, increasing abundance would mean our society can restructure jobs into more enjoyable forms as play or to be done at home as hobbies (aspects of peer production relate to this).
Obviously, we can see a direct microeconomic correlation. You put in a robot welder, you don't need a human welder, and presumably, maintaining the robot takes a lot less effort than a human doing welding, otherwise it would be more expensive and not used.
The issue is, is there a macroeconomic correlation of automation and Please, if you could show that in the last ten years, it would be persuasive. But, I'd suggest, if you can, there will be other factors like globalization and wage disparities and rising expectations in other countries that make this true.
For an economy like the USA, looking just within the borders, I'd suggest this is just not true.
Even with exports, consider:
   The Current Population Survey [1] aggregate data is provided below to examine the United States long term employment creation by decade. [2] Population growth [3] is displayed for relevance to evaluate Employment Growth. [4]
Population Growth = 11,516,000
Employment Growth = 7,215,000 (62.65%)
Population Growth = 19,449,000
Employment Growth = 13,862,000 (71.27%)
Population Growth = 30,811,000
Employment Growth = 21,224,000 (68.88%)
Population Growth = 20,865,000
Employment Growth = 17,685,000 (84.76%)
Population Growth = 21,667,000
Employment Growth = 16,998,000 (78.45%)
2000's (to Mar. 2009)
Population Growth = 26,254,000
Employment Growth = 5,137,000 (19.57%)
These figures suggest that we have reached the saturation point for goods and services in the USA, and so increasing productivity is seriously affecting employment. Granted, one has to consider trade issues. But the USA is still one of the top two exporters of goods. So, manufactured goods like toys from China can't explain all this difference (though it explains some).
By older standards of unemployment (like from the 1970s), the USA is now at 15% to 20% unemployment:
"The U-6 unemployment measure counts the unemployed, underemployed and marginally attached workers. This more comprehensive measure puts national unemployment at 15.8% ? significantly higher than the official unemployment Such as where? Being an airline pilot? Being a heart surgeon? Being a warehouse forklift operator? Being a waitress? Being a home health care aid?
As I suggest above, all those can be automated and are being automated or being redesigned out of existence.
And the remaining "knowledge worker" jobs want to be peer production in open commons for the most efficiency. Otherwise, we are just creating artificial scarcities of information to prop up an obsolete scarcity-based economic model.
These are the facts, as I see it.
* US unemployment is approaching 15% to 20% by 1970s measurements.
* US health as a society is already failing from too much stuff (even as many in the USA still have too little, like no access to health care).
* Other countries like Greece are having riots related to youth unemployment, since older people hang onto jobs better than the young can get them (given the kind of things young people can do are often more easily * The trends point towards increasing automation and better design and thus increasing unemployment (short of war to destroy abundance).
* The economists you see in the mainstream media deny or spin all this.
You can't have abundance if demand is infinite, because abundance means having more than you need or even want. So, whether demand is finite (or at least grows more slowly than productivity) is a central issue in thinking about peer production, a basic income, a gift economy, or any other alternative. If you agree that demand is finite (even if large), then mass unemployment follows logically from rising productivity eventually -- we are only then discussing when demand saturation happens for most things. I'd suggest, in the USA, we are long past the point of diminishing returns for most people, and the world is rapidly catching up.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-02 20:07:14
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: Fwd: More on the Supply 
You're right, something is wrong in my graph about the blue supply curve
line. I agree the supply curve I drew with a tail to the right has problems.
The tail perhaps should at least go up and down at the position of abundance
from top to bottom, representing a divide by zero error as demand collapses
at some saturation point, or alternatively a "Vertical supply curve" as the
Wikipedia page mentions. Also, you are right it does not reflect dropping
costs from mass production or continually improving design or progress
towards obsolescence.
I like your graph much better, and agree it is more accurate, including the
"unrecognized art" part at the start, and also the "artificial scarcity"
part at the end. Thanks for fixing it.
You are also capturing this idea in Wikipedia:
   "Negatively sloped supply curve: There are cases where the price of goods
gets cheaper, but more of those goods are produced. This is usually related
to economies of scale and mass production. One example is computer software
where creating the first instance of a given computer program has a high
cost, but the marginal cost of copying this program and distributing it to
many consumers is low (almost zero)."
Still, while I agree with the unappreciated art bit, I think it clouds the
parallel to the original, and so could be left out of a simple version where
we just see a typical demand curve but touching the axes. I was trying to
stay as close to the original curve as possible. Still, perhaps that is just
impossible overall? In a way, supply and demand curves mean less and less if
you just assume you will print as many of something as people want, at an
insignificant cost (a real cost may exist, but it is not considered any more
than most US American people count grains of salt when they salt their food).
The supply and demand curve in general is an awkward concept because it does
not consider time (and when I read the graph I need to keep not putting time
on the X axis, and yet it also seems pretty natural to follow the blue
supply curve as if it were a path over time starting at zero, which
technically it is not?). So, you have a curve of supply with different
amounts at the same price, because it reflects a change in technological
capacity based on previous demand or other progress. In general, this supply
and demand curve has woven into it the notion of ignoring ongoing
technological progress or any sort of hysteresis (ratcheting effect) as
costs move back and forth. The curves maybe should be three dimensional (or
have more dimensions based on other factors).
I see you go further in your next post with new graph, essentially
reflecting this time aspect more, but I like this first one more right now
(I don't fully understand your next one yet).
The key issue though is that the graph needs to touch the X axis to reflect
availability of product at no cost, as well as the fact that even at free,
there is limited demand. So, the issue is, how does the rest of the graph
look to get there? :-) I'm not sure touching the Y axis is so essential to
this point about abundance, although it is interesting for symmetry to think
what it means.
I see now an assumption in the original supply and demand curve -- that no
one is willing or able to produce stuff for free. Also, I see there is a
quantization issue, in that goods are produced in discrete units, not
continuous amounts, which in mathematics can also invalidate some
assumptions (discrete versus continuous math).
I'm not sure. I have not read that story, but just read the summary. Is that
a gift economy? :-) Maybe not.
Negative demand was perhaps is "The Midas Plague", part of a large book:
   where people had a ration book of stamps for things they were supposed to
use up or they would get in trouble with the "ration board" and be force to
consume even more as punishment (all to keep the economy moving). Nobody
wanted to consume so much, and poor people lived in sprawling mansions and
were forced to eat until the point of pain. The ultra rich in society were
those who did not have to consume very much. The rich could be gracious by
accepting big gifts that went towards other people's consumption quotas, so,
in the story, the wedding guests would all take things away from the bride
and groom to make their consuming life a bit easier. :-)
By the way, noting here:
   "Two assumptions are necessary for the validity of the standard model.
First, that supply and demand are independent and second, that supply is
"constrained by a fixed resource." [4]If either of these conditions does not
hold, then the Marshallian model cannot be sustained.[5]"
Self-replicating systems (like an automated factory) would seem to couple
supply and demand, a well as create a potentially infinite resource of
productive capacity that could access all the resources of the planet and
the solar system. So, I can see why self-replicating systems (even if just
implemented with humans doing peer production) might break these assumption
and thus invalidate the classical supply and demand curve.
Also of interest in seeing limits to the validity of this curve in
explaining macroeconomics is this:
   Macroeconomic uses of demand and supply: Demand and supply have also been
generalized to explain macroeconomic variables in a market economy,
including the quantity of total output and the general price level. The
Aggregate Demand-Aggregate Supply model may be the most direct application
of supply and demand to macroeconomics, but other macroeconomic models also
use supply and demand. Compared to microeconomic uses of demand and supply,
different (and more controversial) theoretical considerations apply to such
macroeconomic counterparts as aggregate demand and aggregate supply. Demand
and supply may also be used in macroeconomic theory to relate money supply
to demand and interest rates.
Anyway, I really appreciate you improving the graph. Thanks.
I can wonder in general how much potential there is to take these sorts of
basic economic concepts and transform them for alternative assumptions like
abundance, peer production, a gift economy, a basic income, shorter work
weeks, etc.?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-03 09:32:39
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: More on the Supply and Demand Curve 
I had previously replied to this with a version of the graph.
   But, just to note, I think Ben Likowitz' version of the curve posted in reply to my curve is better and corrects a mistake on my part.
So, for that blog post, his graphic would be a better one to use (if he has no objection); here it is:
Or you could put all three (Wikipedia, mine, and Ben's), and mention Ben's fixes an error with the supply curve line in mine and has other improvements.
The original one I took from Wikipedia was under the GFDL, and is here:
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-04 10:35:21
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Local currency issues & post-scarcity (Re: present 
>
 >>  The Schumacher Society has been very successful in getting publicity and
 >> mainstream support.
 >>
 >> The particular method of issuing Berkshares, however, is not very
 >> empowering (sold for cash; redeemed for cash). But they are gaining
 >> acceptance of the idea of alternative currencies and paving the way for more
 >> empowering things like mutual credit clearing and currencies that are SPENT
 >> into circulation based on solid ability of the issuer to redeem it in kind.
 >>
 >> The Swiss WIR is the model that comes closest to optimum empowerment, but
 >> that, too, needs some improvement.
The alternative local currencies I've seen (Ithaca HOURS), often local businesses accept some 10% of so of the amount of regular dollar purchases as the alternative currency. In a way, this functions as both advertising for them (that they accept them) and local lock-in of consumers (if you have such currency, that is the place to go to get some conventional products for it). Other people may take mixes of amounts, like 50%.
Example, from a more recent local currency:
   Please note that stores may have specific restrictions concerning the uses of BerkShares at their business, and that some of these restrictions may differ from those listed here. Please ask for details when you purchase from a store using BerkShares.
Example, with Ithaca HOURS, with a different justification:
   "5. Why don't all member businesses accept 100% HOURS for purchases and services? Most businesses have economic relationships that extend beyond the local community, where Ithaca HOURS are not accepted. These businesses must take in U.S. currency to do business with suppliers outside of the HOURS system. We ask merchants to calculate a rate of HOURS acceptance that is proportional with their ability to put them back into the local economy."
But some places may take entire payment in them, but expect it won't be a big part of their income:
   ABC Caf? owner Ken Hallett says that his business, which accepts full payment from customers in Hours, has profited from Ithaca Hours. ?I think it brings in some people who have them and might not come here as often if they didn?t have them,? Hallett said. Hallett uses his Ithaca Hours revenue to pay his employees and provide them with benefits, as well as to buy items for the caf?. If he has any Hours left over at the end of the year, he divides them among his employees for their holiday bonuses. However, Hallett says that only about 5 percent of the business in his restaurant is transacted in Ithaca Hours.
It is not clear to me how much this bridge to mainstream currency is significant in defining the value of such currencies? Maybe it is not?
Even with Ithaca HOURS, it looks like there is an aspect of money as debt:
10. How do new HOURS get into circulation?
1. New HOUR notes are issued as disbursements to those who pay for a listing in the directory.
2. New HOUR notes are issued when Ithaca HOURS makes loans to participants or gives small grants to community organizations.
3. A limited number of HOUR notes are issued to help cover basic system expenses, such as printing new currency and office supplies.
I like the idea of local currencies, especially from a perspective of decentralization and escaping dysfunctional global financial hierarchies to a degree. Still, I see local currency as essentially about increasing local abundance from a classically libertarian / fiscal Republican perspective (at least the aspect of that ideology that argues hard work leads to abundance).
And there are many issues such a perspective does not address.
Local currencies don't address facts like:
* that not every one can "work" in a conventional sense,
   * that work may not even be the right way to organize an abundant society,
    * that things like child care or community involvement are generally not recognized as productive work at the societal level,
    * that money as debt has structural collapse issues among others,
   * that easy availability of debt has driven up consumer prices and driven down wages,
   * that many individuals might be more productive with social things like access to health care that may be beyond their individual capital to afford an a personal investment:
   * that the flip-side of currency is theft (the other side of the coin) and thus any currency imposes a social cost on society as a way or organizing    * that two-income families have bid up the cost of homes and college,
    * that economic transactions have externalities not reflected in the peer-to-peer transaction price (negative ones like pollution, or positive ones like increasing social connectedness),
   * that most informational commons connected to the internet function most effectively as a gift economy without obvious transaction costs, or
   * that capital affects industrial productivity in a very inequitable way that breaks the work-to-income link (by driving down the value of labor relative to capital, since increasing technology makes capital -- what money can buy -- even more productive as a replacement for labor through better design and improved automation).
   This is not to be against local currencies. It has been said the US American revolution (celebrated today) was mostly about the right to have local    During a visit to Britain in 1763, The Bank of England asked Benjamin Franklin how he would account for the new found prosperity in the colonies. Franklin replied. "That is simple. In the colonies we issue our own money. It is called Colonial Script. We issue it in proper proportion to the demands of trade and industry to make the products pass easily from the producers to the consumers. In this manner, creating for ourselves our own paper money, we control its purchasing power, and we have no interest to pay to no one." America had learned that the people's confidence in the currency was all they needed, and they could be free of borrowing debts. That would mean being free of the Bank of England. In Response the world's most powerful independent bank used its influence on the British parliament to press for the passing of the Currency Act of 1764. This act made it illegal for the colonies to print their own money, and forced them to pay all future taxes to Britain in silver or gold. Here is what Franklin said after that. "In one year, the conditions were so reversed that the era of prosperity ended, and a depression set in, to such an extent that the streets of the Colonies were filled with unemployed." "The colonies would gladly have borne the little tax on tea and other matters had it not been that England took away from the colonies their money, which created unemployment and dissatisfaction. The inability of the colonists to get power to issue their own money permanently out of the hands of George III and the international bankers was the PRIME reason for the Revolutionary War." By the time the war began on 19th April 1775 much of the gold and silver had been taken by British taxation. They were left with no other choice but to print money to finance the war. What is interesting here is that Colonial Script was actually working so well, it became a threat to the established economic system of the time. The idea of issuing money as Franklin put it "in proper proportion to the demands of trade and industry" and not charging any interest, was not causing any problems or inflation. This unfortunately was alien to the Bank of England which only issued money for the sake of making a profit for its shareholder's.
This is just to suggest that local currencies don't fix a lot of deep issues related to technology and society, even as they may increase local peer production. I'll agree there is truth to the libertarian / fiscal Republican perspective to create abundance from hard work in small businesses (and local currency helps with that) -- but it is only part of the truth in a complex economic system. For all the fact that alternative currencies sound New Agey and Leftist and Green and Progressive, they really are fiscally conservative at the core.
Celebrating alternative currencies reflect a bit of a Protestant work ethic, even when trying to look at work from other religious points of view:
   "Equally, to strive for leisure as an alternative to work would be considered a complete misunderstanding of one of the basic truths of human existence, namely that work and leisure are complementary parts of the same living process and cannot be separated without destroying the joy of work and the bliss of leisure."
Contrast E.F. Schumacher's point above with Richard Bolles's ideas about integrating learning, work, and leisure into unified experiences:
   "The Three Boxes of Life and How to Get Out of Them: An Introduction to Life/Work Planning"
   "Argues that three stages of life -- education, work, and retirement -- have become three boxes for learning, achievement, and leisure."
Fiscal conservatism, at least the aspect that local currency reflects, while full of truths, is less and less a big part of the truth it a society moving toward a post-scarcity future (as one by one, artificial scarcities are worked around). Ultimately, if fiscal conservatism is not understood for its limits in regard to the points I mentioned above (plus other limits relating to other aspects of the larger ideology), it leads to using post-scarcity technology to create artificial scarcities, since the basis of currency-based commerce is to get somebody to want something that you control the distribution of, and then you can stand between that person and what they want and collect a toll and put the money in a box. Given we now have post-scarcity technology in our hands, the easiest way to enforce tolls is ironically to use post-scarcity technology to do that (whether RFID in cars or password protected electronic funds transfers of Ithaca HOURS using computers that will soon be able to do most jobs, as Marshall Brain talks about in Robotic Nation or Manna).
In that sense, local currencies are *misleading* about the most pressing issues of a transition to a post-scarcity economy, IMHO. Our economy has changed significantly in character since July 4, 1776, due to a variety of interacting changes like improved designs and a better understanding of materials, better automation including robotics and AI, the spread of the internet, and also from huge externalities (both positive and negative) given our huge productive potential. Those changes are continuing in an accelerating way. So, our approaches to rethinking economics need to change to. Again, my objection is not to local currencies by themselves, as they can be helpful; my objection is to not seeing them in the larger context of a transition to a post-scarcity society.
It may be best to see local currencies as a bridge to aspects of a post-scarcity society, by improving the balance of a society from a very hierarchical financial system back toward a mix of grass roots meshwork and smaller hierarchy. That's a great thing. But it is not enough by itself to address a lot of pressing issues.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-05 16:14:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: More on the Supply and Demand Curve 
Kevin, thanks for the great link. Comments there point out various similarities and differences.
Eugen, yes, you are right, it is hard to compare, as there are things better than then (more of a social safety net and more technology, and more home equity and credit cards to scrape by on) but also some things that are worse. So, things will be different this time in the USA than the 1930s (when the big issue was a demand for socialism). It seems like in Western Europe, with a stronger social safety net, things are much better positioned for dealing with this crisis. Of course, the USA has a lot of nuclear bombs, weaponized plagues, and killer robots, so a social crisis in the USA (where I am) poses some of the same worries to Western Europe as when the USSR disintegrated (some of those on this list outside the USA might otherwise would be justifiable in gloating a little right now, or feeling at least some Schadenfreude, even for a moment). I feel that both the USSR and the USA lost the Cold War, and it is just taking longer for the USA to fall. I think that is also part of what we are seeing now, an economy and society hollowed up by excessive military spending and imperial ambitions.
One thing that is different (worse) for families in the USA now is that, due to rising expectations as well as some rising prices like for real estate, most mainstream US families rely on two incomes to cover their expenses, doubling the risk of the family going under financially if someone gets sick or loses a job.
Here is a book about that, and an excerpt of a comment posted there:
   "The Two Income Trap"
... For one thing, in many ways the integration of women into the workplace and the rise of the two income family has not had the positive effect one might have hoped it would. Because so many families are now two income dependent they have become trapped and are more financially vulnerable than previous generations. Many families use all of the income they receive from both husband and wife, and barely get by. As a result, any interruption of the income flow can result in disaster. One telling statistic: today's two-income family earns 75% more money than its single-income counterpart of a generation ago, but actually has less discretionary income once their fixed monthly bills are paid. ... At one time, families could count on stay-at-home mothers as a kind of financial safety net if disaster struck. If dad lost his job or some other financial problem arose, mom could go to work either fulltime or part-time to help tide the family over until the crisis abated. But today, when so many families are dependent on two incomes, families are at a frightening risk should any financial crisis arise in the family. The authors do propose some modest solutions, but its doubtful many of their suggestions would ever be implemented on anything more than a limited basis. Among their suggestions are rate caps on credit cards and open-access public schools, but none of their suggestions can truly provide a fix for the problem.
Part of the argument there is that two-income families have bid up the general cost of living for everyone (especially by bidding up the prices for homes and college and, I'd add, health care and consumer goods).
People focus on the rich-poor divide, but two of the bigger divides in US society right now are also one-income families versus two-income families, and economic differences across the generations (which are related to a rich-poor divide, but not exactly the same). Thus we see, say, riots in Greece because twenty-something educated young adults can't get good jobs while older Greeks won't (or can't) work less hours.
This is not to be against anyone working at any job they want. This is just to point out a systemic implication of two-income families in a capitalist economy, especially in the face of rising automation. Rather than women joining the paid work force, we should have better seen men leaving the paid work force and automation picking up the slack (and a one-for-one exchange of jobs between men and women for any women who really wanted jobs). That would have required a basic income or other approach to spread the wealth of industry nationally and then globally, though. Instead, wages have been mostly frozen for most jobs since the 1970s, both from the flood of people entering the work force and from rising automation, a trend counterbalanced only by demand for US exports and rising expectations (new houses are much bigger now, for example).
   "Generation F*cked: How Britain is Eating Its Young"
   Broken original link:       ?The reason our children?s lives are the worst among economically advanced countries is because we are a poor version of the USA,? he said. ?So the USA comes second from bottom and we follow behind. The age of neo-liberalism, even with the human face that New Labour has given it, cannot stem the tide of the social recession capitalism creates.?  ...
   The economic impact of baby boomers is certainly no surprise to those in the city, who have long described the boomer charge through the decades as the ?pig in the pipeline.? As Channel 4?s economics correspondent Faisal Islam observed, ?They embraced social liberalism, flower power and a large state when they were teenagers, and low taxes, a smaller state and loadsamoney individualism in their period of high disposable income. Then on the realisation of their own mortality, up goes spending on the health service and pensions. Fifty to 64 year-olds also have the largest carbon footprints ? 20 percent bigger than other age groups ? yet the climate change phenomenon will not affect them. Perhaps we are seeing the scary sight of a generation that has been rather brutal in getting its own way squeezing everything it can out of its children.?
   Or, as Conservative MP David Willetts, put it: ?A young person could be forgiven for believing that the way in which economic and social policy is now conducted is little less than a conspiracy by the middle-aged against the young.? ...
That's a little bit missed in arguing "Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish".
I don't know how it will play out. But I don't feel the jobs are coming back to the USA in any significant numbers. Thus, people may find more and more benefit in creating their own goods and services through peer production (if they have the abilities and resources) which acts a little as a form of wealth distribution (spreading wealth to peers away from those with mainstream jobs at companies whose services and products are avoided). But that will only put more pressure to destroy regular jobs and shift the economy more towards bartering or alternative currencies, putting more pressure on the mainstream economy to fail faster.
US government policy is pretending there is not a serious structural problem with the entire economy from automation and outsourcing and the end of the US's advantage after WWII as the only intact industrial base and all the German scientists (like Einstein) it imported. The implied subtext of the news is that things will supposedly get back to usual with some small temporary one-time stimulus and some green jobs. Both are good ideas (a small stimulus is somewhat like a basic income, and we need to green the economy); neither is enough to deal with the scale of the structural problem Is much of the USA heading for peer production as a survival strategy whether it wants it or not? :-) It is sad if that is what it takes, because a lot of people will get hurt in an involuntary transition, including those who for reasons of disability or age or having dependents have little to directly offer a peer economy.
Things may be much worse in some ways than the 1930s in a worst case situation. Back in the 1930s, most people had a relative with a farm, so they had a place to use sweat equity to grow food. Back in the 1930s, most people knew more about how to make the things they used in every day life, or knew someone who knew. Standards were lower then, too, so making a log house or a candle was more approachable, whereas what percent of the population today knows how to make fiberglass insulation or a lightbulb? So, even if people can revive old skills that don't take as much know-how or complex equipment, it will be a much bigger adjustment than in the 1930s, when even many of the best of homes still had outhouses and outdoor water pumps.
Still, there are a lot of suburban lawns that could be torn up when people get hungry enough:
      Our little bit of free software towards that end:
   So, some parts of the economic restructuring will go harder; some parts will go easier.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-10 00:57:43
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On compulsory schooling and p2p (was Re: Triarchy 
"Why Grandmother, what a big nose you have!"
"All the better to smell you with, my dear Little Red Riding Hood."
"The Emergence of Compulsory Schooling and Anarchist Resistance"
   In The Republic Plato asserted that the state should take responsibility
for training children from the age of three and that each citizen could be
guided by the system towards an ideal conception of justice and into the
social class and occupation best suited for him. Education had to be
universalized so that all citizens could be effectively screened and placed.
In this Plato was emphatic that it was the state?s job to support and
control schools and to make them compulsory. There was no question in
Plato?s mind that schools should be designed by the state to support the
state. ...
   Ferrer was intent upon loosing schools from both hegemonic teaching and
State control. At the turn of the 20th Century it was becoming evident that
no only were schools forging citizens but industrial workers, and that
government control was essential to their nature. "They know, better than
anyone else that their power is based almost entirely on the school. ? [They
want schools] not because they hope for the revolution of society through
education, but because they need individuals, workmen, perfected instruments
of labor to make their industrial enterprises and the capital employed in
them profitable... [They] have never wanted the uplift of the individual,
but his enslavement; and it is perfectly useless to hope for anything but
the school of to-day."
   Much like Godwin, Ferrer regarded schools as powerful governmental tools,
made all the more dominant by their compulsory nature. After developing his
school, sparking the rise of the Modern School movement, starting the
International League for the Rational Education of Children as well as a
journal L?Ecole Renovee, Ferrer was executed in Spain in 1909 for plotting
an insurrection.
"Why Grandma, what big ears you have!"
"All the better to hear you with, my dear."
"How Children Learn"
"Children do not need to be made to learn," Holt maintains, because each is
born with what Einstein called "the holy curiosity of inquiry." For them,
learning is as natural as breathing. First published in 1967, How Children
Learn has become a classic for parents and teachers, providing an
"effective, gentle voice of reason".
"Growing without Schooling"
TEACH YOUR OWN translated into German, June 2009. Germany is the only
country where homeschooling is illegal. However, homeschooling and other
educational alernatives are gaining reconsideration there as this
publication attests. For information about Teach Your Own in German visit
Genius Verlag.
"Why Grandma, what big arms you have!"
"All the better to hug you with, my dear."
"The Seven Lesson Schoolteacher"
Teaching means different things in different places, but seven
lessons are universally taught Harlem to Hollywood Hills.  They
constitute a national curriculum you pay more for in more ways than you
can imagine, so you might as well know what it is.  You are at liberty,
of course, to regard these lessons any way you like, but believe me when
I say I intend no irony in this presentation.  These are the things I
teach, these are the things you pay me to teach.  Make of them what you
will: ...
   Look again at the seven lessons of schoolteaching:  confusion,
class assignment, dulled responses, emotional and intellectual
dependency, conditional self-esteem, surveillance -- all of these things
are good training for permanent underclasses, people derived forever of
finding the center of their own special genius.  And in later years it
became the training shaken loose from even its own original logic -- to
regulate the poor; since the 1920s the growth of the school bureaucracy
and the less visible growth of a horde of industries that profit from
schooling just exactly as it is, has enlarged this institution's
original grasp to where it began to seize the sons and daughters of the
middle classes. ...
   After an adult lifetime spent teaching school I believe the method
of mass-schooling is the only real content it has, don't be fooled into
thinking that good curriculum or good equipment or good teachers are the
critical determinants of your son and daughter's schooltime.  All the
pathologies we've considered come about in large measure because the
lessons of school prevent children from keeping important appointments
with themselves and with their families, to learn lessons in self-
motivation, perseverance, self-reliance, courage, dignity and love and
lessons in service to others, which are among the key lessons of home
   Thirty years ago these things could still be learned in the time
left after school.  But television has eaten up most of that time, and a
combination of television and the stresses peculiar to two-income or
single-parent families have swallowed up most of what used to be family
time.  Our kids have no time left to grow up fully human, and only thin-
soil wastelands to do it in.  A future is rushing down upon our culture
which will insist that all of us learn the wisdom of non-material
experience; a future which will demand as the price of survival that we
follow a pace of natural life economical in material cost.  These
lessons cannot be learned in schools as they are.  School is like
starting life with a 12-year jail sentence in which bad habits are the
only curriculum truly learned.
   I teach school and win awards doing it.
   I should know.
"Why Grandma, what big eyes you have!"
"All the better to see you with, my dear."
"The case against homework"
"The truth, according to Sara Bennett and Nancy Kalish, is that there is
almost no evidence that homework helps elementary school students achieve
academic success and little more that it helps older students. Yet the
nightly burden is taking a serious toll on America's families. It robs
children of the sleep, play, and exercise time they need for proper
physical, emotional, and neurological development. And it is a hidden cause
of the childhood obesity epidemic, creating a nation of "homework potatoes.""
"No Contest: The Case Against Competition"
"Contending that competition in all areas -- school, family, sports and
business -- is destructive, and that success so achieved is at the expense
of another's failure, Kohn, a correspondent for USA Today, advocates a
restructuring of our institutions to replace competition with cooperation."
"Punished by Rewards: The Trouble with Gold Stars, Incentive Plans, A's,
Praise, and Other Bribes"
" Our basic strategy for raising children, teaching students, and managing
workers can be summarized in six words: Do this and you'll get that. We
dangle goodies (from candy bars to sales commissions) in front of people in
much the same way that we train the family pet. In this groundbreaking book,
Alfie Kohn shows that while manipulating people with incentives seems to
work in the short run, it is a strategy that ultimately fails and even does
lasting harm.  Our workplaces and classrooms will continue to decline, he
argues, until we begin to question our reliance on a theory of motivation
derived from laboratory animals."
"From Degrading to De-Grading"
Researchers have found three consistent effects of using ? and especially,
emphasizing the importance of ? letter or number grades:
1.  Grades tend to reduce students? interest in the learning itself. ...
2.  Grades tend to reduce students? preference for challenging tasks. ...
3.  Grades tend to reduce the quality of students? thinking. ...
The preceding three results should be enough to cause any conscientious
educator to rethink the practice of giving students grades.  But as they say
on late-night TV commercials, Wait ? there?s more.
4. Grades aren?t valid, reliable, or objective.  ...
5. Grades distort the curriculum. ...
6. Grades waste a lot of time that could be spent on learning. ...
7. Grades encourage cheating. ...
8. Grades spoil teachers? relationships with students. ...
9.  Grades spoil students? relationships with each other. ...
Finally, there is the question of what classroom teachers can do while
grades continue to be required.  The short answer is that they should do
everything within their power to make grades as invisible as possible for as
long as possible.  Helping students forget about grades is the single best
piece of advice for creating a learning-oriented classroom. ...
"Why Grandma, what big legs you have!"
"All the better to run to you with, my dear."
"The Land of Frankenstein"
"The particular utopia American believers chose to bring to the schoolhouse
was Prussian. The seed that became American schooling, twentieth-century
style, was planted in 1806 when Napoleon?s amateur soldiers bested the
professional soldiers of Prussia at the battle of Jena. When your business
is renting soldiers and employing diplomatic extortion under threat of your
soldiery, losing a battle like that is pretty serious. Something had to be
"The Art of Driving"
"Now come back to the present while I demonstrate that the identical trust
placed in ordinary people two hundred years ago still survives where it
suits managers of our economy to allow it. Consider the art of driving,
which I learned at the age of eleven. Without everybody behind the wheel,
our sort of economy would be impossible, so everybody is there, IQ
notwithstanding. With less than thirty hours of combined training and
experience, a hundred million people are allowed access to vehicular weapons
more lethal than pistols or rifles. Turned loose without a teacher, so to
speak. Why does our government make such presumptions of competence, placing
nearly unqualified trust in drivers, while it maintains such a tight grip on
near-monopoly state schooling?"
"Sustainable Education"
"We've been though this before. The Eight Year Study of progressive schools
in the 1930's came up with a very definitive result: Progressive and
learner-centered schools were more effective for students than traditional
school! This was true during high school, during college and after college
for the progressive students. As of 1940 people expected a dramatic shift in
how schools were run. But then came the Second World War, followed
immediately by the creation of teacher's unions. Since there were no unions
for the students, the teacher's voice has held sway since then, freezing the
system in place in a form which continues today, almost unchanged, and
increasingly anachronistic."
"Why Grandma, what big teeth you have!"
"All the better to eat you with."
"Dumbing Us Down: The Hidden Curriculum of Compulsory Schooling"
"Gatto provided, and continues to provide the key to comprehending this
conundrum. Central to this understanding is the fact that schools are not
failing. On the contrary, there are spectacularly successful in doing
precisely what they were intended to do, and what the have been intended to
do since their inception. [Schooling] ensures a workforce that will not
rebel -- the greatest fear at the turn of the 20th century -- that will be
physically, intellectually, and emotionally dependent upon corporate
institutions for their incomes, self-esteem, and stimulation, and that will
learn to find social meaning in their lives solely in the production and
consumption of material goods. We all grew up in these institutions and we
know they work. They haven't changed much since the 1890s because they don't
need to -- they perform precisely as the are intended."
"Schooling: The Hidden Agenda"
     Within our cultural matrix, every medium tells us that the schools
exist to prepare children for a successful and fulfilling life in our
civilization (and are therefore failing). This is beyond argument, beyond
doubt, beyond question. In Ishmael I said that the voice of Mother Culture
speaks to us from every newspaper and magazine article, every movie, every
sermon, every book, every parent, every teacher, every school administrator,
and what she has to say about the schools is that they exist to prepare
children for a successful and fulfilling life in our civilization (and are
therefore failing). Once we step outside our cultural matrix, this voice no
longer fills our ears and we're free to ask some new questions. Suppose the
schools aren't failing? Suppose they're doing exactly what we really want
them to do--but don't wish to examine and acknowledge?
     Granted that the schools do a poor job of preparing children for a
successful and fulfilling life in our civilization, but what things do they
do excellently well? Well, to begin with, they do a superb job of keeping
young people out of the job market. Instead of becoming wage-earners at age
twelve or fourteen, they remain consumers only--and they consume billions of
dollars worth of merchandise, using money that their parents earn. Just
imagine what would happen to our economy if overnight the high schools
closed their doors. Instead of having fifty million active consumers out
there, we would suddenly have fifty million unemployed youth. It would be
nothing short of an economic catastrophe. ...
     But keeping young people off the job market is only half of what the
schools do superbly well. By the age of thirteen or fourteen, children in
aboriginal societies--tribal societies--have completed what we, from our
point of view, would call their "education." They're ready to "graduate" and
become adults. In these societies, what this means is that their survival
value is 100%. All their elders could disappear overnight, and there
wouldn't be chaos, anarchy, and famine among these new adults. They would be
able to carry on without a hitch. None of the skills and technologies
practiced by their parents would be lost. If they wanted to, they could live
quite independently of the tribal structure in which they were reared.
     But the last thing we want our children to be able to do is to live
independently of our society. We don't want our graduates to have a survival
value of 100%, because this would make them free to opt out of our carefully
constructed economic system and do whatever they please. We don't want them
to do whatever they please, we want them to have exactly two choices
(assuming they're not independently wealthy). Get a job or go to college.
Either choice is good for us, because we need a constant supply of
entry-level workers and we also need doctors, lawyers, physicists,
mathematicians, psychologists, geologists, biologists, school teachers, and
so on. The citizen's education accomplishes this almost without fail.
Ninety-nine point nine percent of our high school graduates make one of
these two choices.
     And it should be noted that our high-school graduates are reliably
entry-level workers. We want them to have to grab the lowest rung on the
ladder. What sense would it make to give them skills that would make it
possible for them to grab the second rung or the third rung? Those are the
rungs their older brothers and sisters are reaching for. And if this year's
graduates were reaching for the second or third rungs, who would be doing
the work at the bottom? The business people who do the hiring constantly
complain that graduates know absolutely nothing, have virtually no useful
skills at all. But in truth how could it be otherwise?
     So you see that our schools are not failing, they're just succeeding in
ways we prefer not to see. Turning out graduates with no skills, with no
survival value, and with no choice but to work or starve are not flaws of
the system, they are features of the system. These are the things the system
must do to keep things going on as they are.
"And, saying these words, the wicked wolf fell upon Little Red Riding Hood,
and ate her all up."
We need to very *deeply* ask ourselves what connection compulsory mass
schooling could ever have to a peer economy, given what schooling was
constructed to do, and given that reformers after reformers have tried and failed to change it significantly for the better for decades.
The above quotes suggest that our current organization of the mean of
production as an economy is tightly linked to compulsory mass schooling --
even if schooling was producing straight "A" students across all classes.
For one distasteful example, the very reason "class rooms" are called
"class" rooms in the USA is because they are about putting people in social
*classes*, including, Gatto suggests, to ensure the perpetuation of
specialized classes (and protect the upper classes) by making likely only
the interbreeding individuals with the same abilities and other
characteristics (including income and race), all things that he says were
*openly* discussed when the current schooling system was designed. See:
   "Eugenics Arrives"
   "Between 1890 and 1920, the percentage of our population adjudged
"feeble-minded" and condemned to institutional confinement more than
doubled. The long-contemplated hygienic form of social control formulated by
eighteenth-century German social thinker Johann Frank, "complete medical
policing," was launched with a vengeance. Few intimidations are more
effective than the threat of a stay in an insane asylum. Did the population
of crazies really double in those three decades? The answer given by one
contemporary was elliptically Darwinian: "Marriage of these inferiors is a
veritable manufactory of degenerates." It could no longer go unchecked. The
American Birth Control League left no doubt about its plans. Its position,
as expressed by Yale psychologist Arnold L. Gesell, was that "society need
not wait for perfection of the infant science of eugenics before proceeding
upon a course which will prevent renewal of defective protoplasm
contaminating the stream of life." Gesell?s The Family and the Nation
(1909), a thorough product of the new zeitgeist, advocated "eugenic
violence" in dealing with inferiors. According to Gesell, "We must do as
with the feebleminded, organize the extinction of the tribe." "
   "The famous humanitarian anthropologist Alfred L. Kroeber remarked acidly to
a newsman that anti-eugenic protests came only from the "orthodoxly
religious," rarely from the enlightened camp of science. So there it was.
Keep them all in mind: Kroeber, Gesell, Ripley, McDougall, Huntington,
Osborn, great scientific humanist names whose work underscored how important
a role forced schooling was designed to play. Scientific studies had shown
conclusively that extending the duration and intensity of schooling caused
sharp declines in fertility?and sterility in many. Part of school?s stealth
curriculum would be a steady expansion of its reach throughout the century.
... All evolution might be in jeopardy if there were no more pretty faces to
look at, this was the thesis. Today, there is an aura of the absurd to these
assertions, but it would be well to reflect on the institutional world that
emerged from the other end of this same forge, for it is the new moral world
you and I live in, a fully scientized and organized society, managed by the
best people ? people who prefer to remain out of sight of the hoi polloi,
segregated in their own in walled villages and other redoubts."
Just as an anti-eugenics point, note that the current science of ecology and
evolution tell us that resistance to disease and parasites is usually the
most important thing nature is generally selecting for, and immune system
function may have little to no connection to classical definitions of
"intelligence", but it does sometimes have a lot to do with a sense of smell
which underlies a lot of human social dynamics related to attractiveness and
maybe even "love at first sight". The carefully planned and inbred
"ubermensch" would likely have died out from the common cold were that
program otherwise to have succeeded. Diversity of immune system genetics as
well as intellectual perspective and emotional reactions has a lot of
survival value of groups of people, and natural processes of attraction seem
tuned already for maximum survival value there. It is almost like nature
understands that a world of supermen and superwomen would collapse for the
want of bicycle repair people; or maybe Nature watches Monty Python? :-)
   "Bicycle Repairman"
   And even selecting or engineering for human immune system function someday
could have unexpected side effects: :-(
   "When Enterprise arrives and hails the ship, there is no answer, and Data
reads no life signs, but all systems seem functional. At Commander William
T. Riker's suggestion, they establish a remote link with the Lantree's
computer. When they turn on the bridge monitor, the entire crew is dead. Dr.
Pulaski's scans find they died of natural causes through aging.  ... Once in
orbit, they hail the station. Doctor Sara Kingsley answers, and explains
they have declared a medical emergency. Their staff is suffering from the
same thing. She is convinced they were infected from a supply ship that was
there a few days ago. She wants Enterprise to help them evacuate their
genetically-engineered children to protect them.  ... Aboard the station,
Kingsley still cannot believe it is the children who transmit the disease.
... In fact, their immune system is aggressive, creating an antibody to
destroy the virus in midair by altering its genetic code. It works at a
distance. That's when the light bulb goes on in Pulaski's mind; she tells
Data to run an analysis of the genetic interaction between the flu virus and
the antigen. ... Data's analysis is conclusive, and unfortunate: the
antibody the children created to counteract the virus interacts with normal
Human DNA to change sequences which affect the aging process. Since DNA is
self-replicating, the effects are irreversible. ..."
There is very deep eugenic rot buried in the whole concept of compulsory
schooling. Someday Germany will may see the inconsistency in Germany being
the one country to have outlawed homeschooling and instead elevated the
"Klassenzimmer" which historically has "Klass" eugenics at the heart of the
idea, compared to the many very successful attempts Germany has made to move
beyond its horrendous eugenics history and to support diversity and equality
of opportunity. Someday, this statement from Wikipedia below may read as
repugnant, while to most it will now just read as common sense:
   "In contrast, secondary education includes four types of schools based on a
pupil's ability as determined by teacher recommendations: the Gymnasium
includes the most gifted children and prepares students for university
studies; the Realschule has a broader range of emphasis for intermediary
students; the Hauptschule prepares pupils for vocational education, and the
Gesamtschule, or comprehensive school, combines the three approaches. There
are also F?rderschulen (schools for the mentally challenged and physically
challenged). One in 21 students attends a F?rderschule."
(Note: this is not to be against vocational education, and most any other country has a similar system of tracking.)
Contrast that model with this reality even for the highest scoring students:
   "The Case for Working With Your Hands "
   "After finishing a Ph.D. in political philosophy at the University of
Chicago in 2000, I managed to stay on with a one-year postdoctoral
fellowship at the university?s Committee on Social Thought. ... As it
happened, in the spring I landed a job as executive director of a policy
organization in Washington. This felt like a coup. But certain perversities
became apparent as I settled into the job. It sometimes required me to
reason backward, from desired conclusion to suitable premise. The
organization had taken certain positions, and there were some facts it was
more fond of than others. As its figurehead, I was making arguments I didn?t
fully buy myself. Further, my boss seemed intent on retraining me according
to a certain cognitive style ? that of the corporate world, from which he
had recently come. This style demanded that I project an image of
rationality but not indulge too much in actual reasoning. As I sat in my K
Street office, Fred?s life as an independent tradesman gave me an image that
I kept coming back to: someone who really knows what he is doing, losing
himself in work that is genuinely useful and has a certain integrity to it.
He also seemed to be having a lot of fun."
The above difference is made understandable by this book by Jeff Schmidt:
   "The book describes how professionals are made; the methods of professional
and graduate schools that turn eager entering students into disciplined
managerial and intellectual workers that correctly perceive and apply the
employer's doctrine and outlook."
Jeff Schmidt also talks about selection for "assignable curiosity":
   A key to creating docile professionals is professional training. Through
their training, budding professionals learn to orient their intellectual
effort to tasks assigned to them. Schmidt has a wonderful expression for
this: "assignable curiosity." Children are naturally curious about all sorts
of things. Along the road to becoming a professional, they learn how to
orient this curiosity to tasks assigned by others. Consider, for example, a
typical essay in a university class. The teacher sets the topic and the
students write on it. To do really well, students need to figure out what
will please the teacher. If the teacher had assigned a completely different
topic, the conscientious student would have directed effort to that topic.
Well-trained students do not even think about writing about topics that are
not assigned. They wait to be told where to direct their curiosity. Schmidt
has a teaching credential and has taught junior high school math in
Pasadena, California and in El Salvador. However, it is his experiences
pursuing a PhD in physics that come through most strongly in Disciplined
Minds. "Assignable curiosity" has a special significance for researchers.
Military funding of science, for example, works well to direct research into
military-relevant directions because scientists are willing to take up
whatever project is offering. When scientists put in research proposals to
military funders, they anticipate what will be most useful and attractive
for military purposes, while maintaining the illusion that they are
directing the research. Nearly half of Disciplined Minds is devoted to
selection of professionals, a process that weeds out most of those whose
attitudes are not appropriate and molds the survivors into a narrow
political mindset. On entering professional training, Schmidt says, students
are optimistic and idealistic. On leaving they are "pressured and troubled"
because they have gradually submerged their ideals and become willing to
join the occupational hierarchy. So different are they on completion of
training that "the primary goal for many becomes, in essence, getting
compensated sufficiently for sidelining their original goals".
Always remember this: "schooling" and "education" are two completely
different things. Schooling was invented for a very specific state-related
purpose, to organized a hierarchical economy and to win state-waged wars.
Education has always been with us in an organic and diverse way.
Or, another quote from New York State Teacher of the Year John Taylor Gatto:
      I?ll bring this down to earth. Try to see that an intricately
subordinated industrial/commercial system has only limited use for hundreds
of millions of self-reliant, resourceful readers and critical thinkers. In
an egalitarian, entrepreneurially based economy of confederated families
like the one the Amish have or the Mondragon folk in the Basque region of
Spain, any number of self-reliant people can be accommodated usefully, but
not in a concentrated command-type economy like our own. Where on earth
would they fit?
   In a great fanfare of moral fervor some years back, the Ford Motor
Company opened the world?s most productive auto engine plant in Chihuahua,
Mexico. It insisted on hiring employees with 50 percent more school training
than the Mexican norm of six years, but as time passed Ford removed its
requirements and began to hire school dropouts, training them quite well in
four to twelve weeks. The hype that education is essential to robot-like
work was quietly abandoned.
   Our economy has no adequate outlet of expression for its artists,
dancers, poets, painters, farmers, filmmakers, wildcat business people,
handcraft workers, whiskey makers, intellectuals, or a thousand other useful
human enterprises?no outlet except corporate work or fringe slots on the
periphery of things. Unless you do "creative" work the company way, you run
afoul of a host of laws and regulations put on the books to control the
dangerous products of imagination which can never be safely tolerated by a
centralized command system.
   Before you can reach a point of effectiveness in defending your own
children or your principles against the assault of blind social machinery,
you have to stop conspiring against yourself by attempting to negotiate with
a set of abstract principles and rules which, by its nature, cannot respond.
Under all its disguises, that is what institutional schooling is, an
abstraction which has escaped its handlers. Nobody can reform it. First you
have to realize that human values are the stuff of madness to a system; in
systems-logic the schools we have are already the schools the system needs;
the only way they could be much improved is to have kids eat, sleep, live,
and die there.
If you want true "Grass Roots" change, above are some quotes to think about
in shaping it. It is highly questionable to me when people try to reform the
schooling system without first starting from this understanding. Maybe those
writers do have this understanding, but, while the goals seem laudable, and
the approaches seem innovative, people have tried that all before, to no
effect, over and over again, so I question if they know this?
Don't let compulsory mass schooling eat up peer networks -- you're just
feeding children to the wolf otherwise, even if you dress one up like
Contrast the above quotes with this comment to the list in the "On
unschooling" thread on 4/27/09 whose author can remain momentarily nameless:
"Less personal: public school, despite all its flaws, was instrumental of
social advance and equality of opportunity, and it worked rather well in
this until the advent of neoliberalism started to starve public education of
funds. What's wrong in my opinion, is not 'places' of learning, but rather
their centralized management, which discourages and demoralizes local school
Gatto might suggest that's the kind of thing we've all been taught to think
in school, by a Grandma with big ears and big eyes and big teeth. :-(
Contrast spending US$20K per year per child (as in my home state of New
York) to put children in inescapable public day prisons bombarded with such
propaganda for most of their waking hours five days a week versus just
giving the money to the parents to use as they see fit to educate their
children (as a basic income). Defenders of school often confuse the
potential wealth redistribution aspects of schooling with what actually goes
on in schools in terms of destroying the lives of children. As Gatto
suggests, the more money you give schools, the better they will do their
primary functions -- which are generally the exact opposite of everything
that Michel advocates on this list, even when it is done in the "best schools" producing straight "A" students.
This is not to disagree that some kids and/or parents do thrive with more
structure. Generally, the biggest issues are when the parenting style and
the child's learning style are at odds:
   Even if kids loved schools, because they served them ice cream every day, or
always made exciting and fun learning the stuff schools wanted to teach
them, compulsory schools would still be against everything p2p stands for.
One more Gatto quote:
   Old-fashioned dumbness used to be simple ignorance; now it is transformed
from ignorance into permanent mathematical categories of relative stupidity
like "gifted and talented," "mainstream," "special ed." Categories in which
learning is rationed for the good of a system of order. Dumb people are no
longer merely ignorant. Now they are indoctrinated, their minds conditioned
with substantial doses of commercially prepared disinformation dispensed for
tranquilizing purposes.
    Jacques Ellul, whose book Propaganda is a reflection on the phenomenon,
warned us that prosperous children are more susceptible than others to the
effects of schooling because they are promised more lifelong comfort and
security for yielding wholly:
   "Critical judgment disappears altogether, for in no way can there ever be
collective critical judgment....The individual can no longer judge for
himself because he inescapably relates his thoughts to the entire complex of
values and prejudices established by propaganda. With regard to political
situations, he is given ready-made value judgments invested with the power
of the truth by...the word of experts."
   The new dumbness is particularly deadly to middle- and upper-middle-class
kids already made shallow by multiple pressures to conform imposed by the
outside world on their usually lightly rooted parents. When they come of
age, they are certain they must know something because their degrees and
licenses say they do. They remain so convinced until an unexpectedly brutal
divorce, a corporate downsizing in midlife, or panic attacks of
meaninglessness upset the precarious balance of their incomplete humanity,
their stillborn adult lives. Alan Bullock, the English historian, said Evil
was a state of incompetence. If true, our school adventure has filled the
twentieth century with evil.
   Ellul puts it this way: "The individual has no chance to exercise his
judgment either on principal questions or on their implication; this leads
to the atrophy of a faculty not comfortably exercised under [the best of]
conditions...Once personal judgment and critical faculties have disappeared
or have atrophied, they will not simply reappear when propaganda is
suppressed...years of intellectual and spiritual education would be needed
to restore such faculties. The propagandee, if deprived of one propaganda,
will immediately adopt another, this will spare him the agony of finding
himself vis a vis some event without a ready-made opinion."
   Once the best children are broken to such a system, they disintegrate
morally, becoming dependent on group approval. A National Merit Scholar in
my own family once wrote that her dream was to be "a small part in a great
machine." It broke my heart. What kids dumbed down by schooling can?t do is
to think for themselves or ever be at rest for very long without feeling
crazy; stupefied boys and girls reveal dependence in many ways easily
exploitable by their knowledgeable elders.
    According to all official analysis, dumbness isn?t taught (as I claim),
but is innate in a great percentage of what has come to be called "the
workforce." Workforce itself is a term that should tell you much about the
mind that governs modern society. According to official reports, only a
small fraction of the population is capable of what you and I call mental
life: creative thought, analytical thought, judgmental thought, a trio
occupying the three highest positions on Bloom?s Taxonomy of Educational
Objectives. Just how small a fraction would shock you. According to experts,
the bulk of the mob is hopelessly dumb, even dangerously so. Perhaps you?re
a willing accomplice to this social coup which revived the English class
system. Certainly you are if your own child has been rewarded with a "gifted
and talented" label by your local school. This is what Dewey means by
"proper" social order.
   If you believe nothing can be done for the dumb except kindness, because
it?s biology (the bell-curve model); if you believe capitalist oppressors
have ruined the dumb because they are bad people (the neo-Marxist model); if
you believe dumbness reflects depraved moral fiber (the Calvinist model); or
that it?s nature?s way of disqualifying boobies from the reproduction
sweepstakes (the Darwinian model); or nature?s way of providing someone to
clean your toilet (the pragmatic elitist model); or that it?s evidence of
bad karma (the Buddhist model); if you believe any of the various
explanations given for the position of the dumb in the social order we have,
then you will be forced to concur that a vast bureaucracy is indeed
necessary to address the dumb. Otherwise they would murder us in our beds.
   The shocking possibility that dumb people don?t exist in sufficient
numbers to warrant the careers devoted to tending to them will seem
incredible to you. Yet that is my proposition: Mass dumbness first had to be
imagined; it isn?t real.
   Once the dumb are wished into existence, they serve valuable functions:
as a danger to themselves and others they have to be watched, classified,
disciplined, trained, medicated, sterilized, ghettoized, cajoled, coerced,
jailed. To idealists they represent a challenge, reprobates to be made
socially useful. Either way you want it, hundreds of millions of perpetual
children require paid attention from millions of adult custodians. An
ignorant horde to be schooled one way or another.
Humanity got by for tens of thousands of years without schools, operating a
mostly peer-to-peer economy. After reading the above, what makes anyone here
think compulsory schooling and p2p are in any way compatible in practice?
Note: many absolutely wonderful people work as teachers and school
administrators, and many wonderful educational materials have been created
by school teachers. The fact that the institution is evil does not mean the
people within are evil. That is why Gatto call schooling "an abstraction
that has escaped its handlers".
Here is why it is impossible to change schools:
   "Power ? 22"
   "Control of the educational enterprise is distributed among at least these
twenty-two players, each of which can be subdivided into in-house warring
factions which further remove the decision-making process from simple
accessibility. The financial interests of these associational voices are
served whether children learn to read or not."
Neither does that fact that schooling is evil mean it was a conspiracy:
   Schools got the way they were at the start of the twentieth century as part
of a vast, intensely engineered social revolution in which all major
institutions were overhauled to work together in harmonious managerial
efficiency. Ours was to be an improvement on the British system, which once
depended on a shared upper-class culture for its coherence. Ours would be
subject to a rational framework of science, law, instruction, and
mathematically derived merit. When Morgan reorganized the American
marketplace into a world of cooperating trusts at the end of the nineteenth
century, he created a business and financial subsystem to interlink with the
subsystem of government, the subsystem of schooling, and other subsystems to
regulate every other aspect of national life. None of this was
conspiratorial. Each increment was rationally defensible. But the net effect
was the destruction of small-town, small-government America, strong
families, individual liberty, and a lot of other things people weren?t aware
they were trading for a regular corporate paycheck. A huge price had to be
paid for business and government efficiency, a price we still pay in the
quality of our existence. Part of what kids gave up was the prospect of
being able to read very well, a historic part of the American genius.
Instead, school had to train them for their role in the new overarching
social system. But spare yourself the agony of thinking of this as a
conspiracy. It was and is a fully rational transaction, the very epitome of
rationalization engendered by a group of honorable men, all honorable men ?
but with decisive help from ordinary citizens, from almost all of us as we
gradually lost touch with the fact that being followers instead of leaders,
becoming consumers in place of producers, rendered us incompletely human. It
was a naturally occurring conspiracy, one which required no criminal genius.
The real conspirators were ourselves. When we sold our liberty for the
promise of automatic security, we became like children in a conspiracy
against growing up, sad children who conspire against their own children,
consigning them over and over to the denaturing vats of compulsory state
factory schooling.
Granted my knowledge of this is mostly focused on the US side. Western
European schools are somewhat different (and better in many ways), but I
suspect, not that different at the core in being at odds with p2p ideals.
Please don't confuse the fact that Western Europe in general has a better
social safety net and less income inequality than the USA due to better
politics and cultures (in many ways) with the idea that Western European
schools are then necessarily a lot better about the sorts of issues outlined
in these quotes -- problems involving grading, competition, homework,
rewarding assignable curiosity and then destroying a love of independent
learning, the propagation of hierarchical dogma, the creation of
intellectual and emotional dependence, and so on. These are all things that
have for thousands of years been working towards undermining peer
To be clear, like Manuel de Landa suggests, I feel we need a balance of
meshwork and hierarchy in our social institutions. But how to achieve that
balance is a complex issue requiring experiment, made more difficult in the
face of a population altered by generations of compulsory schooling that was
mainly about celebrating the state hierarchy. It is not clear that anything
about the current schooling system is worth preserving, even in developing
an educational system that balances grassroots meshworks and top-down
hierarchies. And it is not clear to me that a post-scarcity p2p economy even
needs an institution in any way analogous to a current compulsory school.
Expanding the public library system to a place where you could go to to
learn new skills on demand or practice them when desired may be a better
approach than trying to reform compulsory public schools yet again, fighting
those twenty-two vested interest groups all the way.
Those vested interest groups have huge amounts of funding, and the reformers
have next to nothing. The reformers generally have not even the support of
the people, who have, even against the facts of their own experience and
perceptions, been told for generations by schools that schools are good for
them, and that schools are best as is, including with huge amounts of
funding taken across the society, and much of a person's youth, such a with the dialog:
   "Why School, what huge funding you have! And how much of my life you have!"
   "All the better to teach you with, my dear".
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-14 08:56:23
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Economic View - The Invisible Hand, 
If asked to identify the intellectual founder of their discipline, most economists today would probably cite Adam Smith. But that will change. Economists? forecasts generally aren?t worth much, but I?ll offer one that even my youngest colleagues won?t survive to refute: If we posed the same question 100 years from now, most economists would instead cite Charles Darwin. ...
   In Darwin?s framework, then, Adam Smith?s invisible hand survives as an interesting special case. Competition, to be sure, sometimes guides individual behavior in ways that benefit society as a whole. But not always.
   Individual and group interests are almost always in conflict when rewards to individuals depend on relative performance, as in the antlers arms race. In the marketplace, such reward structures are the rule, not the exception. The income of investment managers, for example, depends mainly on the amount of money they manage, which in turn depends largely on their funds? relative    Relative performance affects many other rewards in contemporary life. For example, it determines which parents can send their children to good public schools. Because such schools are typically in more expensive neighborhoods, parents who want to send their children to them must outbid others for houses in those neighborhoods. [Or families can step out of that "two-income trap" bidding war and homeschool elsewhere. :-)]
   In cases like these, relative incentive structures undermine the invisible hand. To make their funds more attractive to investors, money managers create complex securities that impose serious, if often well-camouflaged, risks on society. But when all managers take such steps, they are mutually offsetting. No one benefits, yet the risk of financial crises rises sharply.
   Similarly, to earn extra money for houses in better school districts, parents often work longer hours or accept jobs entailing greater safety risks. Such steps may seem compelling to an individual family, but when all families take them, they serve only to bid up housing prices. As before, only half of all children will attend top-half schools.
   It?s the same with athletes who take anabolic steroids. Individual athletes who take them may perform better in absolute terms. But these drugs also entail serious long-term health risks, and when everyone takes them, no one gains an edge.
   If male elk could vote to scale back their antlers by half, they would have compelling reasons for doing so, because only relative antler size matters. Of course, they have no means to enact such regulations.
   But humans can and do. By calling our attention to the conflict between individual and group interest, Darwin has identified the rationale for much of the regulation we observe in modern societies ? including steroid bans in sports, safety and hours regulation in the workplace, product safety standards and the myriad restrictions typically imposed on the financial sector.
   Ideas have consequences. The uncritical celebration of the invisible hand by Smith?s disciples has undermined regulatory efforts to reconcile conflicts between individual and collective interests in recent decades, causing considerable harm to us all. If, as Darwin suggested, many important aspects of life are graded on the curve, his insights may help us avoid stumbling down that grim path once again.
While this is progress in economic thinking, as my wife points out (we both have ecology and evolution graduate training), there are many aspects to modern evolutionary thinking beyond natural selection of individuals and survival of the fittest (varying units of selection across genes, cells, organisms, groups, and species, the importance of random drift, the role co-evolution, cooperation, and symbiosis plays in evolution, and so on).
   So, while this is a step forward in economic thinking, it would be nice to see economics embrace all of ecology and evolution, not a simplified cartoon Also, it would be a fair criticism of regulation, like Richard Wolff suggests:
   that the regulation process is often taken over by the one being regulated, who often has the money to buy favorable legislation. So, regulation is not a panacea for deep structural social problems relating to not accounting for external costs. Openness in designing and decision making may still be critical issues.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-22 18:39:16
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In defense of profit (was Re: debate on open 
>> On Fri, Jul 17, 2009 at 4:07 AM, Christian Siefkes
 >>
 >>     > I have many broken mindsets.  But I don't look forward to a world  >>     > people don't profit.  I think such a world would be very unproductive,
 >>     > boring and depressed.
 >>
 >>     Poor you. It must be very sad to live a life where profit seems to
 >>     be the only source of pleasure, enjoyment, and inspiration...
 >>
 >> Of course it is a sad world; it is also a joyous one.  I enjoy other
 >> things besides profit, like charity, contribution, art, etc.  I simply
 >> hold the view that profit greatly enhances global productivity...and
 >> probably the great vast majority of humans tend to agree with my view.
 >
 > Indeed, and once upon a time, most people would have agreed that the Earth
 > is flat. What exactly follows from that?
 >
 > BTW, I don't doubt that, in our society, "profit greatly enhances global
 > productivity." But I do doubt that a world without profit would be a "very
 > unproductive" one, an assertion which relies on the implicit claim that
 > there are no other important reasons for keeping productivity high and for
 > innovating.
 >
 >> People who see value in profit aren't evil or different
 >
 > Who said so? I certainly didn't... I've merely challenged your assumption
 > that, without profit, people would be unproductive, bored, and depressed.
 > Just look at what makes people produce and come up with innovations, and
 > look at the sources of fun, satisfaction, and happiness, and you'll find
 > sufficient counter-examples.
In defense of profit, something I wrote before in another context:
As things are now, I don't have a problem with profit-seeking in our current system so much as rent-seeking. Profit-seeking may be an issue sometimes, even many times, but it is not the biggest issue IMHO, except as far as unpaid external negative costs.
For example, the unfairest thing about most medical pills is not that drug companies make profits. It is that most basic research in medicine is paid for by taxpayer dollars. Then drug companies come along at the end, pick the successes (as if paying for failures in exploring was not part of the total cost) and then engage in rent-seeking on the successes, something facilitated by the US legal system and the Bayh-Dole Act which is intended to turn post-scarcity tax dollars supporting post-scarcity research back into artificial scarcity (private revenue for specific researchers and universities). One can also talk about problems with patent and copyright monopolies in relation to medical devices, but that is not directly an issue of profit.
Humans often want to get more out of something than they put in ("profit"). There is nothing wrong with that if the rest of the system makes sense. When I install Ubuntu on a laptop, I'm making a private profit of getting thousands (even millions?) of person years of work for an hour or whatever of my time installing the software (plus time spent learning it and time spent giving stuff back). No matter  how long I work in my life even directly on Ubuntu or Debian or whatever, I can never repay those thousands or millions of person years that I personally profit from in that transaction. Should I not install Ubuntu then because it is profitable to me in terms of time?
   "Profit generally is the making of gain in business activity for the benefit of the owners of the business. The word comes from Latin meaning "to make progress," and is defined in two different ways, one for economics and one for accounting."
 From Wordnet (indirectly) as two definitions of "profit":
        * the advantageous quality of being beneficial
     * the excess of revenues over outlays in a given period of time (including depreciation and other non-cash expenses)
Anyway, so I think it is best to distinguish between profits that are natural and those that are artificial. Profits can be natural in the sense that you participate and you get something out of the effort of more value to you then what you put in (like you bring a food dish to a potluck and have a good time and a diversity of food, so a personal profit in enjoyment and variety). Profits can be artificial if you earn your profits by getting others to pay external costs (example: coal plants producing mercury pollution that harms people downwind) or you make profits by rent-seeking involving creating indefinite artificial scarcities of things that would otherwise be naturally abundant (like by using indefinite copyright to make scarce books that are more than twenty years old or whatever length would be reasonable, if any length of copyright is reasonable today).
Ask yourself, what things did you do yesterday because you got more out of them than you put in? Even breathing is profitable in that sense, producing more energy for your body than it takes. :-) Seeking profit in terms of calories or bulk material is in that sense a fundamental aspect to every living and growing thing. And even things that cease growing still have to get back at least what they put out in balance in terms of calories expended or matter ejected if they are not to shrink and wither.
It is not gain that is evil in this view, so much as ill-gotten gain (where illness is ideologically defined based on some notion of fairness or sustainability). It is not money that is evil (money is just essentially a control system using Kanban tokens), but "the love of money" (where people lose sight of the physical and moral world that money is used as a tool to restructure). It would be clearer to focus on "the love of profit" distorting our society, where people become "financially obese" out of mental dysfunction as a sort of addiction to cope with some other stress or imbalance in their lives, so they stop using money as a tool to heal the world (a shovel used to dig a latrine to preserve clean water elsewhere), and just use it as an end in itself (like using a shovel to pile up shovels for no sensible end).
Another issue which is worthwhile to address is who gets the profits? (A guaranteed basic income is one alternative there, supported by taxation, monetary expansion, or other means). Another issue is, by what right do people make claims of copyright (when all new things build on old things)? Another is by what right do people make claims on land and what is on it or under it (when all land is owned either based on finders-keepers or military conquest)? Another is by what right do some childless people in the society claim profits as exclusively there when some poor parents are struggling to raise the next generation of humanity?  So, there are certainly deep questions of social equity one can explore surrounding who gets profits. Charles Fourier had some idea of splitting profits between "labor", "talent", and "capital". I'm not suggesting that as ideal, but it is something to think about.
Here is another way of looking at it -- if people take some resources and produce a product that nobody wants, who should get the losses? The individuals involved? The society? One of the evil things about the current system is that Wall Street traders got the profits of speculation, but then the rest of us paid the losses in terms of trillions of dollars of bailouts. So, the gains are privatized but the risks and losses are socialized. Very convenient for the privateers. That is an issue of social equity. But it is also fundamentally an acknowledgment that all ventures entail risk, so who should get the profits if it succeeds, and who should get the losses if it fails? And who should get to decide what risks are worth taking, or how to balance monetary risks (a biotech startup goes bankrupt) versus non-monetary risks (the cure for some cancer is not invented)?
One may talk about profits as if every venture was guaranteed successful -- but many ventures, even most, are not, both because of competition with other ventures and with misjudging what people with money are really willing to pay for. Now, maybe the monetary system of defining demand and producing for it is problematical for lots of reasons (money as debt, business cycles, unfair distribution of money, etc.) but that's a different issue than accounting for risk and willingness to take on risk with profits and losses. One may well argue that somehow society should take the risk, but then we need some methods for managing risk in our society, which is an interesting topic, but still may come back to some form of voting or currency or bureaucracy and so on, each system which might have its own issues.
So, anyway, that's why I think the overall issue is more complex than "profits", which really just means gains. The bigger issue is how gains (or losses) are divided in a society (social justice and equity), and what are fair and foul means to create gains and losses of various sorts in a society (regulation, accountability, competition and cooperation, war and peace), and who gets to decide what risks are worth taking in our society?
Of course, if we are talking "monetary" profits instead of "physical" profits (more stuff gets made than wears out in the making of it), then one can also talk about problems with various money-based control systems for production. That's an aspect of open manufacturing I am really interested in, and it involves thinking about things like tool wear in the course of making more tools, or figuring out how long a steel bridge may last that lets people transport coal and iron to the steel plants.
When people go on about profit being bad, is what they really mean the problems with those other things? Things like:
* an equitable division of profits (where "what is fair' is a slippery subject),
* how profits are earned (perhaps through creating negative externalities or artificial scarcities, which can be hard to quantify or track), or
* how a currency-system based on fiat-dollars created through debt has serious problems, whether economic cycles of periodic collapse, too much power going to those who control the money supply, or misleading us to focus on numbers of dollars instead of real physical good done for the world.
Incidentally, non-profits in the USA are corporations formed (supposedly) for reasons other than profit. So, yes, there can be corporations in a society formed for reasons other than profit. They still won't stay in business long if they lose money consistently, because that's how a money-based system works. And they won't grow in ability to carry out their mission unless they bring in more money than they spend (again, because that's how the current money based system works). Still, if you consider something like Debian GNU/Linux, sheltered under a non-profit (Software in the Public Interest)
   they have grown a lot without handling that much money (since volunteers do most of the work). So, there are a lot of possibilities as we transition to a post-scarcity economy where gift-giving is a bigger part of the economy again. So, focusing on a gift-economy and volunteering is another way to move beyond the situation where one has to think about gaining or losing money.
Anyway, I'm not trying to defend "the love of money" here. I am trying to be a little pedantic about what terms we are using and what we mean by them or what aspects of them we object to.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-22 19:19:00
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
In the 1980s, I volunteered on an organic farm, been a cashier at an organic foods store, and was program administrator for NOFA-NJ's organic farm certification program for a season. NOFA is Northeast Organic Farmer's Association. My wife and I also wrote a simulation about gardening to help people learn more about how to grow their own food locally in a sustainable way. So, I've thought some about this issue. I've also long been an enthusiast for local efforts.
But, the fact is, the argument above, that trade is more efficient than doing everything yourself, is correct (up to a point).
The limitations of trade is that it encourages people to do big endeavors that pass on external costs to others (like pollution from pesticide runoff into groundwater, the cruelty suffered by animals in big factory farms, air pollution costs of cross-country trucking of lettuce, and so on -- all unaccounted for in the cheaper price). Organic originally was intended to mean supporting local production; many early supporters are upset it can apply to stuff trucked from one end of the country to the other when the product can be grow locally.
Another external cost of society is the centralization of wealth in the hands of a few large farm owners (including making it difficult for new farmers to get started because land is so expensive).
Another problem is the systematic risk introduced into the food supply by a few monocultures dominating most production that may be susceptible to a common disease or cause some common human health problem (like if bioengineered with new genes in them from shellfish or whatever). Another problem with conventional agriculture is it mines the soil and allows erosion, and unlike China, in the USA, human waste is not returned to the fields to replenish the soil (although rock dust could substitute perhaps). Mainstream agriculture also puts on too much nitrogen fertilizer which displaces micronutrients leading to weaker plants that are less healthy to eat.
These factors all create big risks to our society.
Most people accept that growing some grains like wheat in the Midwest is so much easier than elsewhere that it makes a lot of sense to do that. But vegetables and livestock are a very different story. They can be grown most anywhere. So, in that sense, agriculture is way too over-centralized in the USA.
Organic agriculture tends to be more labor and knowledge intensive, so it costs more right now (until agricultural robots get better). But in any case, we are talking about 2% of the labor pool versus (guessing) 4% if we went all organic, so that is not much of an issue, considering how many people want to farm but can't right now. In the long term, agricultural robots that already exist from cow milkers to grape vine pruners (see below links) will change how agriculture is done in the USA (and then globally), removing a lot of the tedium of it and improving the quality of the results. But, robotics assumes a significant industrial base (at least, right now; 3D printing may change that some).
I never tire of referencing Manuel de Landa's comments about the need for situation specific balances of top-down hierarchy and bottom-up meshworks in coming up with working systems. It seems like here is another example. Agriculture in the USA has tilted too far to the big farm hierarchy side, pushing external costs like cancer and diabetes on to the public, and centralizing control and profits in a few hands, and that should be fixed. How best to fix it, including by increasing peer production is an interesting issue with lots of possibilities, some local like peer production, and some global, like a basic income. So, it is not either-or. We can, and will, have both network aspects and local aspects in a healthy food system.
Networks have their good points and their bad points. Our challenge, as a society, is to get the most out of social networks while minimizing problems they can cause. It's not easy. But for agriculture, where bad weather is often a local phenomenon, networked agriculture may be important to prevent local famines.
Also, there are a lot of reasons people like to garden that have nothing to do with economics. It's exercise. It's fun. It's spiritual. It's educational. It helps others. It's beautiful. And so on. So, just do it. :-)
I hope local manufacturing may go the same route as gardening.
Agriculture was about 90% of the workforce in the USA in 1800, 50% in 1900, and 2% now. Manufacturing was 30% of the US workforce in 1950, and about 12% now (plus some imports, but overall produces much more). The end of work is upon us. The social and economic implications of that seem like a much bigger problem long term (especially as long as the right to consume organic food depends on having a job in a heavily automated economy that less and less needs any sort of human labor).
So, in that sense, the original issue raised (have a job in a network or do it yourself) is actually misleading. It may become, do it yourself if you have the land and capital and knowledge vs. starve if you are not on welfare (Marshall Brain's Manna book) vs. have some significant social change towards a basic income or a gift economy (one blending local production and network production).
Anyway, it's hard to analyze these problems in isolation. As above, robotics is changing the nature of agriculture in the USA. Were it not for cheap illegal immigrants and other trends like women joining the workforce, chances are we would have automated a lot more of agriculture decades ago. (Many people, including me, wanted to work on agricultural robots but there was no broad support for it.) Now that robots are getting so cheap and effective, they are getting even cheaper than illegal immigrants or desperate US Americans.
Some links to prove the point on robotics as happening now:
  "The Autonomous Grape-Vine Pruner"
  "A robot with a sophisticated vision system and sophisticated arms is able to prune grape vines on a twig-by-twig basis."
Here is a GPS driven tractor a village could share for plowing and harvesting (although sharing equipment in agriculture is problematical since usually everyone needs it at the same time for the same seasonal reasons):
   Discussed here:
      "Farming Robot - with great news and information about the evolution of farms to now include intelligent machines taking over much of the "grunt work". Don't believe us? Just have a look at our first of alternating videos..."
Still, robots allow other social arrangements. For example, dairy milking robots have been around for a while, and they allow one family to potentially run a large herd by themselves without as much early/late scheduling for milking.
   "VMS robotic milking" (There are other vendors of such systems; that's just a great video.)
   More on milking robot systems here:
   Supposedly the cows like the robot milking better. They can get milked whenever they want and the machinery is easier on the udders. Record keeping is better too.
Here is a robot barn cleaner:
   Those special purpose systems seem to be working well, but more general purpose robots in the field are still under development, so there still remains a lot to do in that area of agricultural robotics:
   "Field Robot Event 2008"
      In general, continually improving automation and new materials and new designs (often resulting from collaboration through the internet) means a lot of our economic and social assumptions will need to be revisited, and not just in rural areas. But it is silly to make social policy on something like agriculture without considering technological trends and even current For those on Franz Nahrada's Global Villages blog, here is a related post I made a while back that touches on some of these issues:
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-23 09:40:57
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] devastating story on cradle to cradle founder 
This seems like an essential part of the article:
   "Green Guru Gone Wrong: William McDonough "
   For those who came to know McDonough from within the environmental and design movements -- those whose labors rarely reach the ears of Laurie David

@_date: 2009-07-23 10:10:30
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] devastating story on cradle to cradle founder 
Just to add another aspect of these failure modes. Sometimes you, as an activist, are genuinely wrong. Both the rock star and shocked dog failure modes fail differently in that case.
In the rock star mode, everyone around you can become "yes people", in part because narcissism needs that, so, when you propose something stupid, they'll all say "great idea". So, Alice Cooper threw a chicken in the air at one concert to bad results:
Not all things with wings can fly -- a fact that Alice Cooper learned during his performance at the 1969 Toronto Rock & Roll Festival. During the show, a fan threw a live chicken onto the stage. Cooper responded by throwing the fowl into the air, expecting it to soar above the crowd. Instead, the chicken landed in the audience and was immediately ripped to shreds by the rabid crowd. The incident became front-page news nationwide, with tabloids incorrectly reporting that the "shock rocker" had ripped the chicken's head off and drank its blood.
But, for the electrically-shocked starving dog failure mode, you get so used to people disagreeing and them being wrong or ignorant about this one area you are passionate and somewhat knowledgeable about, that when you are wrong about something else, it can get hard to hear it. So, when someone says, "chicken's don't fly, you fool", you assume they don't know what they are talking about, and try throwing one into an audience anyway, just to show them, to tragic results.
Since we all believe in some dumb things, either failure mode can produce some spectacular failures going against conventional wisdom, which unfortunately then may undermine the other things the activist gets right against conventional wisdom. Thus we see activist after activist picked off for some mistake in belief or personal conduct, as if that invalidates the larger message.
Incidentally, domesticated chickens can fly for very short distances, and the wild ancestors can fly,
   so it is not completely wrong to think chickens can fly. Most really bad ideas do have elements of truth to them, or apply in some contexts, but not in others; propertarian-libertarianism or compulsory schooling come to mind as examples that have aspects of truth in them in various settings. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-23 11:54:40
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
Michel Bauwens wrote (quoting Dean Baker):
Please note that while someone like Steve Jobs might fit this description, Bill Gates was born with a multi-million dollar trust fund (in today's dollars), so I'm not sure I would call that "moderate affluence". From:
   "How to Become As Rich As Bill Gates"
   "William Henry Gates III made his best decision on October 28, 1955, the night he was born. He chose J.W. Maxwell as his great-grandfather. Maxwell founded Seattle's National City Bank in 1906. His son, James Willard Maxwell was also a banker and established a million-dollar trust fund for William (Bill) Henry Gates III. In some of the later lessons, you will be encouraged to take entrepreneurial risks. You may find it comforting to remember that at any time you can fall back on a trust fund worth many millions of 1998 Note that, being a millionaire from birth, who could presumably spend a life writing free content and free software, it was quite a bit of hypocrisy for Bill Gates to then write a letter to hobbyist saying no software would get written unless he could make money doing that.
   Note also the Bill Gates said he dumpster dived to get ideas about how to write computer software.
Anyway, while I like most of the rest of the article, that point is just more mythology of wealth that snuck in:
   "The Mythology of Wealth | Conceptual Guerilla"
   In fact, the cheap-labor conservatives have counter-attacked with their own ?rational? theory to justify their hierarchical world-view. Some call it ?Social Darwinism?, though more politically savvy cheap-labor conservatives avoid that term. The purpose of this ?rational theory? is to establish that the existing social order is the ?natural order?. Elites enjoy wealth, privilege and status because of their inherent superiority. The place where this natural hierarchy is established, is that mythical place known as the Sorry, I spent many years essentially being asked by my mother why I wasn't as rich as Bill Gates if I was so good with computers. :-)
Now, if she had asked why I wasn't as rich as Steve Jobs, I would not have had much of an answer. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-23 22:34:26
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] if you have time ... 
That essay on voluntary simplicity,
   "A Message to the Nearly Converted",
  while very interesting making lots of excellent points about modern society, has some of the same issues in its proposed solutions that the one on local agriculture has, or another one posted to the open manufacturing list about someone living in a cave that I commented on in this thread:
"True Post Scarcity Practitioner"
First off, in this essay, there is some mention in passing about someone raising their own chickens and building a coop. We do that too. It takes a lot of materials to build a coop for a few chickens, and chickens can devastate a small yard pretty quickly. While chickens don't require much labor day-to-day, building a coop and fenced yard (to prevent predation) does take a lot of labor. And to periodically cleaning a coop takes some labor, and a bunch of wood chips from somewhere, and water. It is cheaper and easier to buy organic eggs in a store if this is not something that is fun for you otherwise (although, granted, if you treat the chickens well, they will likely have a better life at your home than in even organic farms). Anyway, I use that as one example of a throwaway item where the proposal is both using both more labor and more physical resources in an alternative lifestyle than using network resources. There may be good reasons to have your own chickens in some situations (including for eating slugs in your garden), but using less resources is unlikely to be one of them in most cases (unless you are content to let many die from predation and do not overwinter them as we do).
Anyway, as in the cave essay, the person pointing out problems with the mainstream lifestyle may be quite correct, like negative externalities of pollution. But, rather than reject all advanced technology, which seems implicit in part of the essay (but not all, as I mention later) an alternative strategy is just to improve our high tech processes. We can rethink how we make things so they are more recyclable, or we can improve our energy supply with more renewables like solar or wind so we have the energy to recycle even a mixed waste stream easily by a plasma separation process, or we can  improve robotics and automation so they can separate out a mixed waste stream to reduce energy consumption for recycling at lower temperatures. Anyway, there are essentially high-tech approaches that we know how to do (or could if we tried). The fact that we don't try much reflects a basic market failure based on not accounting for external costs. A few laws about accounting for such external costs might improve recyclable packaging, for example, and do more for the environment that buying in bulk in plastic tubs.
Here is a core part of that essay: "Let me give you an example of our old ways coming to an end. General Motors just went bankrupt. Residential developers of suburban sprawl and mega-malls are going bankrupt too. Why? Because our economy is part of the finite planet Earth and we have reached some hard limits. Oil production is in decline and this means GM can?t keep building Hummers that will fill garages in dwellings miles away from work and schools and basic goods and services. Ecological debt yields financial ruin. Ways of life fade away."
There is some truth there, including on changing ways of life, but overall it is wrong in some ways too. General Motors went bankrupt because of bad management, bad product design decisions, an inflexible infrastructure, the lack of a national health care system paid for by taxes, and a union philosophy that focused on jobs for union members as apposed to a basic income for all humans and actively resisting reducing working hours through innovation. There is a mention of peak oil theory and hard limits there, but the fact is, we have just as many iron molecules today as we did a hundred years ago (ignoring a few we sent to the moon). We are not running out of iron -- just perhaps the ores we are used to using to get it. If we can't bother to mine our landfills, that is just stupid. On energy, the stone age did not end because we ran out of stones, and the oil age will not end because we run out of oil. We could run big Hummers on synthetic fuels from coal (at an environmental cost and a health cost) or we could run them on green fuels from algae, or we could run them electrically from solar and wind power. We have lots of choices (even if Hummers are generally silly cars to own, dangers to themselves and other vehicles, promoted in part because of a silly tax policy allowing certain "trucks" to be expensed by businesses quickly but not cars).
While the essay is right that collectively we are trashing the planet, and that consuming less slows this, ultimately it is a failed philosophy, because slowing your descent into a volcano still leaves you falling into a volcano, just more slowly. If you consume at half the typical US standard, or even one tenth (and I'd expect that family is at half), that is still a slow motion disaster. I have little doubt the author would use advanced medical care in hospitals if the author's family needed it, or that the post was written using a computer and the internet, or that the essayist owns a car or truck, or that their house has synthetic materials in it, and so on. Until we have more comprehensive recycling and improved design, consuming less doesn't help in the end. It may even hurt in some ways, because people may think they have solved a problem when they haven't, and they may be disengaging from an economy they could help out in some other way (like demanding and choosing greener products or laws to regulate pollution and other external costs of manufacturing). And the general doom and gloom about peak oil and catastrophe just adds to that, when we already have solar and wind technologies that are claimed to be cheaper than coal.
Now, there are lots of ways that essayist is doing good stuff, or at least the soccer mom they cite who went greener. They feel better. Their kids are happier. They are likely eating better. They may have more personal security. And so on. And they are reducing the unaccounted for external costs of the mainstream US way of life. I don't want to discourage that kind of change. I applaud that, both for the personal happiness and for making a statement, same as I applaud the enlightened person experimenting with living in a cave.
But I'm suggesting it does not get at the core of fixing unsustainable aspects of our society the way that, say, solar energy research or wind farm installation does. But they do list related jobs in that list of jobs to gain, each of which is about improving our networked infrastructure, so obviously, they are promoting the bigger picture. I'm just suggesting there is some sort of disconnect between the voluntary simplicity movement (as good as that may be at reducing external costs) and the networked infrastructure transformation movement. There is an assumption they are connected, when actually, they may not be very connected, even if they may spring from the same consciousness. And, to the extent people won't, say, raise their own chickens, I can wonder if implying they should do so may undermine the larger infrastructure transformation needs, like instead making sure egg cartons are easily recyclable or the eggs are produced by happy local chickens by peers using organic feed?
Another point from the essay: "A special class of non-governmental organization is involved in paying back our ecological debt. These are the local environmental centers. I strongly encourage you to join with them on various projects that could make the difference between a healthy versus a dystopian future. The big question I have is this: How are we going to restore and manage local watersheds and ecosystems in this new economy? For example, will a switch to renewable energy mean greater use of wood, and will that decimate the forest or be done with ecological wisdom? Might the jobless hunt for meat and will cause the local extirpation of game or be a healthy, sustained harvest. And I wonder, as people can?t afford trash disposal services will they dump in creeks and at the edge of fields more and more? Who will watch and restore the creeks and clean up the mess others leave behind?"
In the "Planet Earth" video series, a point is made near the end that the remaining large wildlife can only be conserved by people local to it, and only if they are prosperous enough to be able to do it (rather than poach to feed their families). If people retreat from the mainstream economy to let it collapse, rather than transform it into something better, in practice, we may well see more destruction of the environment. I live in one of the most rural areas in the US North East (the Adirondack Park) and there are still people who dump trash in ravines to avoid paying a $5 annual fee at the recycling center (or maybe because it is more convenient as the recycling center has limited hours?). So, I can walk a few hundred yards to see the very problem that author speculates about. A wealthier local town just would have less of that, I suspect. So, things like a basic income (Social Security and Medicare for all in the USA, not just the elderly or disabled) may be a way to salvage aspects of a networked economy to bring general prosperity, which can then lead to more respect for values beyond immediate economic survival, stuff like aesthetics or stewardship. Such values may sometimes seem to be luxuries to people out of work by an industrial complex that does not need more workers as it continues to automate and become more efficient from better design. But, many people around me already live the way the author outlines out of necessity not virtue, and they do the dumping, so that route towards poverty has the very pitfalls the author worries about. The author does not address that core issue (like brought up in 1964 in the Triple Revolution memorandum about the breaking link between jobs and a right to consume). Abundance gives us a lot more options that poverty. Voluntary simplicity is not the same as involuntary simplicity. A well-designed elegant efficient sustainable infrastructure is not the same as no infrastructure (or a poor infrastructure). A right to a share of industry you can direct to make extremely green products is not the same as making less green products at home. Sure, if the infrastructure is broken, trying to use it less is virtuous, but ultimately, the infrastructure needs to be fixed to be greener and more equitable. The author admits to this, saying: "Making the necessary changes society-wide requires engagement beyond your home and neighborhood."
Anyway, to summarize, reducing consumption reduces negative external costs of production, but it does not eliminate them totally. Only a rethinking of our manufacturing infrastructure (and how the resulting wealth gets distributed) can fix that completely. This article seems to confuse the two, and that has been a long standing problem with the environmental movement.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-24 00:10:36
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?Mali=27s_Gift_Economy_=97_YES!_Ma?= 
Michel mentioned a video related to Mali's gift economy in April, but here is a recent article on it and an excerpt:
   "Mali's Gift Economy "
      In one study in Bamako, each person gave an average of 1.5 gifts per day. Another study found that gifts account for 18% of total expenditures among Malian villagers, comprising the largest single category. Presents are passed along everywhere: a small household decoration, change to buy a school notebook. When a family?s harvest of millet or peanuts is ready, they pass on a portion to the homes around them. If a household is hosting guests, neighbors will typically send over food. ... Lines of giving are complex and often circuitous.
   ?You never know how it will come back. But you have to give because you can?t let the cord break with you,? explains IEP backbone Maria Diarra. She tells of helping a man in the community some years back. Now the man?s sister brings Maria?s family gifts of charcoal and food, gives them rides, and visits whenever she comes to Kati.
   ?Maybe the link gets broken in a larger community," says Coumba. "But when you are in a community where everyone believes that, it really does work.?
   Western academics are often tempted, as one of them noted, to delineate ?a radical break between premodern and modern cultures, with the gift reserved for the premodern, while we must deal through the market and the state.?  We are to believe that, as capitalism developed and exchange systems spread, markets supplanted morals and gifting was destroyed.
   Certainly the messages many of us got from childhood to accumulate riches and spend them on ourselves, strive to make that theory real. And yet, in the most consumptive nation on earth, gifts are given frequently, spontaneously, and without thought of reciprocity. One gift advocate offers this analysis: ?We just don?t have the right glasses on to see the gifting happening all around us. We see it as exchange manqu? or only a defensive position of those who aren?t capable of exchange.?
   In fact, people in the U.S. give infinite forms of services and goods to family and friends, neighbors, and strangers without calculation of return. We give where there is no emotional tie, no reciprocity, and often (in the case of a donation to a community organization, for example) not even a thanks from the ultimate recipient. We give anonymously; think of those multi-million dollar donations from unnamed individuals reported from time to time in the newspaper. We push strangers? cars, give their batteries a jump in a parking lot, shovel snow from elderly neighbors? walks, leave tips for waitresses we?ll never see again. We even donate organs. In 2005, people in the U.S. gave $260.28 billion to non-profits and charities, and 61.2 million volunteered, with each person giving a median of 52 hours per year. ...
   dama is under threat by the neoliberal marketplace that is converting much of the gifting sphere to exchange relationships, monetizing the economy, and placing a dollar value on many forms of worth. West Africans? challenge today is to keep dama thriving despite the expansion of markets, advertising, and cash transactions. A canary in the proverbial coal mine, dama is an indicator of how well cultural traditions can hold up under conditions of globalization.
   What is certain is that dama will survive in at least a subterranean way, as do other gifting and solidarity economies throughout the world. Also certain is that dama and other non-market economies will remain strong and viable only if organized movements vigorously defend them. ...
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-24 08:43:17
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
=?windows-1252?q?gazine?=
I've been reflecting on this figure of time "volunteered", and I think it is biased low in a way. It may be accurate in terms of time formally volunteered to non-profits and charities, but the gift giving landscape is larger than that.
If you consider time parents spend with children as a "gift" the children will then pay forward into time with their children someday, then the gift economy in that sense is much larger.
Likewise, if you included time people spend taking care of older relatives as gift time, that volunteer time is much larger too.
Also, if you include time spent giving friends or neighbors advice in the course of conversation (advice about anything from gardening to relationships), then that figure for time volunteered is larger too. Granted, some of that advice giving is sometimes eventually reciprocal, but rarely on a one-to-one per comment basis.
And then there are the growing movevements for free and open source software, blogs, and wikis, which are all gifts in a way.
And, to turn an aspect of industrial capitalism on its head, you could even argue all the time spent in schools or in front of advertisements is volunteer time that people are spending to make the system work in supporting its corrupt and unpleasant way. :-) Also, since intellectual labor is hard to quantify, and many services can be performed at varying levels of quality without people noticing or changing their payments (how many inventions a salaried researcher produces at a big company, how clean tables or toilets are in restaurants, how helpful salaried sales clerks are), there are other aspects of the formal economy that are essentially gifts to customers by individual employees on a day-to-day basis with any long term benefits hard to quantify.
So, I think that 52 hours a year per person spent "volunteering" in the USA is way too low.
I'd suggest, that if you consider all of the above (especially parent-child time) as gifts, the gift economy in the USA may be much larger than the money economy in terms of time and energy spent in it.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-25 11:06:46
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: a very interesting essay on the collapse of 
Very interesting. I like the modal of increasing complexity leading to
diminishing returns and then negative returns because of the cost of
maintaining complexity. I see the same thing with computer software, as it
builds in complexity to the point where it is easier to start over. Still,
sometimes complexity of just the appropriate sort can actually have long
lasting benefits, and we can also get design patterns out of watching what
works and then rapidly apply them to new systems without so much trial and
error. Christopher Alexander's work on a pattern language for architecture
("a timeless way of building") relates to this.
One issue with the model derived from the Club of Rome scenario. The author
says: "If these resources are non renewable, as it is the case of our
mineral resources, eventually, the amount of capital that can be created and
maintained must go down - it is one of the possible causes of collapse."
As I mentioned before, we have all the atoms of iron on the planet we had
one hundred years ago (except a few sent out in space probes, perhaps offset
by some meteorites). So, while it is true in a sense that certain ores are
not renewable resources, the atoms are infinitely reuseable. From this
mistake in logic would flow an inevitable collapse in any computer
simulation which had that assumption embedded in it. We also have a nearly
endless supply of wind and solar power (and other renewables) that can
supply even ten or one hundred times current needs for millions of years.
Whether we use those resources well is a different story, of course.
Agriculture is a bit different, since eroded soil goes into the ocean.
Still, rock ground into rock dust can remineralize the soil, so there is a
straight forward solution to soil erosion if you have the energy for
crushing rock.
Economies also can shift what they make things out of. As discussed recently
on the open manufacturing list, we could easily make cars out of wood and
ceramics. They might not be as nice in some ways as ones made out of metal,
but we can produce wood indefinitely by decomposition and recycling, and we
have lots of stuff to make ceramics out of. But in any case, it is easy to
recycle metals from cars if we really try. So, we don't even need to
substitute for metals if we recycle well or start mining landfills. Our
society may well collapse, and lack of ores may well be related to it, as
might be soil erosion, but, as another part of that essay suggests, the true
reason would be deeper, in that, why did we just not mine landfills or use
solar power? Or why did we not just grind up the rocks? There may be
ideological reasons why we don't do these things, but there are no technical
reasons we can't do them.
As I was reading the beginning of the essay, about one emperor resisting the
division of Rome, it occurred to me. The wealth in a capital city is
generally proportional to the area under military control. That explains a
big part of why people in a capital city fight to maintain or enlarge
empires. (Although that fact may get changed into other beliefs about
cultural superiority.) Although, as the article points out, there is also a
pyramid scheme aspect of such conquests, as the wealth to hold together the
current empire comes from additional conquests (WWII Germany faced the same
problem). See:
   "How Germans Fell for the 'Feel-Good' Fuehrer"
     Another mistake in the article is here: "Surely there are differences: our
society is more of a mining society and less of a military based society."
See, there the author is being part of the problem. Our entire schooling
apparatus, and our entire military-industrial-educational-prison complex
exists because the dominant ideology in our globe is militaristic in
outlook. Progress may come more when we view advocating militarism more as
mental illness as opposed to a good reason to be elected. See:
   "WAR IS A RACKET" by Two-Time Congressional Medal of Honor Recipient Major General Smedley D. Butler - USMC Retired
     Empires in that sense as places that need to grow are pyramid schemes. They will either transform or collapse. Sustainable civilizations might *want* to grow for ideological reasons or population expansion, but they don't *need* to grow for economic pyramid scheme ones like Rome or WWII Germany. Or, for that matter, a pyramid-scheme oriented USA believing that the only right to consume comes from work, which entails needing bigger export markets and more internal advertising to sustain economic growth when facing limited internal demand and rising unemployment from automation and improved design (but failing to find such markets anymore from global competition, and so the USA is now collapsing economically and ideologically even as the physical infrastructure is intact and could easily supply all the world with Here is another core part of the argument:
"Emperor, first you need to plant trees. the land needs rest. In time, trees will reform the fertile soil."
"But, druid, if we plant trees, we won't have enough food for the people."
"Nobody will starve if the patricians renounce to some of their luxuries!"
"Well, Druid, I see your point but it won't be easy....."
"And you must reduce the number of legions and abandon the walls!"
"But, but.... Druid, if we do that, the barbarians will invade us....."
"It is better now than later. Now you can still keep enough troops to defend the cities. Later on, it will be impossible. It is sustainable defense."
"Yes, it means defense that you can afford. You need to turn the legions into city militias and..."
"You must spend less for the Imperial Bureaucracy. The Imperial taxes are too heavy! You must work together with the people, not oppress them! Plant trees, disband the army, work together!"
Sounds nice, but it is based on some big creative limitations and flawed assumptions. Consider China, which had both a bureaucracy and farmed for forty centuries. What did they do differently? Well the history of China is complex, and has multiple cyclical collapses, but essentially:
* they returned human waste to the soil to keep it fertile, and also benefited from a natural process of rock grinding that produced silt from overflowing rivers;
* they sometimes had more effective defenses (the great wall) and less offenses in military posture (helped along by geographical issues); and
* their bureaucracy was more efficient and meritocratic, and so produced greater value for the people in philosophy and harmony, underpinned by a different ideology.
(These are just some broad trends, obviously there are lots of specific counterexamples one could find in a place as big and old as China.)
There is probably a lot one could say in negative ways about various historic Chinese governments, as well as about aspects of ancestor-worshiping Confucianism or imperial bureaucracies as resisting needed changes (which left China open to, say, drug-pushing Westerners during the Opium war), but there obviously are alternatives to shutting down a society, and the Chinese must have got a lot of things right.
So, in this sense, the essay presents a "false choice" about sustainability. How can one talk about "Limits to Growth" when, for example, the local solar system could easily support quadrillions of humans, plus thousands of Earths worth of ecologies, in space habitats? Even on Earth, better use of technology we already have could support an even larger urban population that we have now, perhaps by a factor of ten or a hundred. (Rural population growth would be more limited, as even seasteading could not give us that much more rural land beyond maybe a doubling or tripling of what we have.)
Had Romans known to grind rocks into fertilizer, avoided lead goblets and pipes, rethought their military structure to be more defensive and helpful, and focused on an imperial bureaucracy providing value more than the taxes that supported it (like by doing research and development of new ideas like solar power), we might all be Romans today. One may wonder why Rome did not do that, but that is an issue of complexity and ideology (including the ideology of slavery), more than about energy or resource use by itself.
As Langdon Winner suggests, our infrastructure reflects our ideology, but in turn, having a specific infrastructure then shapes our ideology in return in unexpected ways. Rome had the hammer of a strong military, so every social problem looked like a nail the military could solve. The USA is suffering from the same ideological breakdown, sadly, and the military in the USA readily admits it is overused because it is the one institution that is well funded in the USA and very capable (within certain bounds).
With that said, why bother saving Rome if the ideology is so messed up it can't save itself? While Rome existed, so did China. So did the "barbarians" who may not have seemed to "barbarian" to themselves. So did Native American societies. Rome was just part of the world seen as an Empire, and just a tiny place seen as a city (even if it was an influential city using a vast road network to extract resources from a huge area).
Still, a lot of people got hurt during the fall of Rome, so there are arguments that transforming it are better than letting it collapse. I suggest that our role is to help safely remove the collapsing scarcity-oriented scaffolding that surrounds the core of what is already a post-scarcity capable society. The irony of Rome, and the USA, is that both are using post scarcity technologies like bureaucracy, networks (roads, the internet), biotechnology (improved crops),  advanced manufacturing (metalworking, nanotech), to create artificial scarcity through military-backed monopolies (extracting from the surroundings rather than helping the surroundings grow). That irony stems more from ideology than anything else. But in that sense, the essay on "Peak Civilization" just contributes to the problem, by beating on the drum of scarcity that justifies the misuse of post-scarcity technologies to create artificial The essay has a lot of interesting facts, and points to very real problems, I'm just disputing the focus and the conclusions and a few core assumptions. There is more to why people reject the essayists analysis than:
We are subjected to the "fish in the water" curse. We don't understand that we are surrounded by water. And we don't want to be told that water exists.
There is truth to that, but the bigger truth is that the analysis (and "Peak Oil" theory) is in some ways despairing and flawed. There is much more room for optimism than it admits, even though changing ideology can be hard. People are naturally conservative for good reasons; the problem is when they are conservative about strategies that are not sustainable.
So here is a rewrite of the discussion with the emperor (like Amory Lovins might suggest, upgrading that empire into a Rome 2.0 as it were :-):
"Emperor, first you need to grind up rock and dredge up silt and bring human waste back to the fields to maintain soil fertility. You should plant some trees, too, because they look nice and are useful for raw materials. You should use some metal to make solar ovens to reduce the burning of trees for cooking fires. Insulating homes would also reduce the need to burn trees."
"But, druid, if we do those things, they will be expensive, we won't have enough food for the people."
"Nobody will starve if the work is done incrementally, with each step paying for the next. Abundance will generally increase, and the patricians as well as everyone else will have more luxuries if we provide a basic income to everyone to keep the economy circulating and the market functioning."
"Well, Druid, I see your point but it won't be easy....."
"And you must restructure the legions to a more defensive posture and reshape the walls!"
"But, but.... Druid, if we do that, the barbarians will invade us....."
"Actually, a defensive posture will make it less likely the barbarians will invade. You will be securing the gains you have made. Rome will cease to grow, but it will be sustainable at the current size. After it has renewed itself, it might grow again. It is better now than later. Now you can still keep enough troops to defend the cities. Later on, it would be impossible. It is sustainable defense."
"Yes, it means defense that you can afford. You need to turn the legions into city militias and..."
"A transformed military will also be useful in other ways to defend core Roman values and transform other aspects of the infrastructure, but over time the most important heroic military values of honor and self-sacrifice and caring for others need to be woven into the infrastructure, because security should be intrinsic, not an afterthought."
"Yes, it means defense that is woven into the fabric of daily life and daily infrastructure. It means decentralized systems that fail gracefully including in the face of plagues and famine and sieges and fire and storm and volcanoes. It means a population that is mentally resistant to being taken over because they believe strongly from their own first hand experiences in the value of an advanced Roman way and have access to advanced tools to use in their own creative defense and strong peer networks that can function even under economic duress. It means cities that are inherently very productive and so are targets it would be foolish to attack like one hundred soldiers attacking a herd of a million vegetarian elephants. It means a society which attackers could not govern without becoming advanced Romans themselves, so it becomes easier to join it than to try to beat it. Both the military and the society around it must focus on finding good balances of top-down goal-oriented hierarchy and bottom-up self-directive meshwork (see the Druid Manuel de Landa), to maintain life-affirming cooperative advanced Roman values while applying them in situation specific ways. Part of that is also focusing on mutual security of all neighboring kingdoms rather than security only for Romans through the unilateral dominance of Rome, thus ensuring others see Rome Legions as an asset to their security, not a threat."
"You must spend differently for the Imperial Bureaucracy. The Imperial taxes are too heavy for what they inefficiently produce! You should be providing more benefit from taxes by transforming the Imperial Bureaucracy into a learning culture that studies things like how lead effects the mind, or how solar energy could be used to heath the baths, or how the military could be used to defend core important life-affirming values or reconstruct the infrastructure to be both sustainable and intrinsically secure. Then there will be so much productivity, you could even raise taxes and few will care, and there would be so much you could sustain a basic income of bread and circuses and education and libraries and health care for the people of all of Roman Empire indefinitely. You must work together with the people, not oppress them! Grind rock, plant trees, use solar energy, transform the Army and the Imperial Bureaucracy into learning cultures focused on intrinsic security and sustainability, work together!"
That is advice the Emperor might be more likely to follow, an it comes from optimism not despair, if the Emperor's mind was not already to messed up from drinking from lead goblets or infected by weaponized Lyme disease (like President Bush was acknowledged to have). Still, even that advice means the fall of the Roman Empire 1.0, even if it is replaced with a Roman Empire 2.0 with the same name, but a totally different ideology (productive instead of One analogy from my own experience, as to why the ideology is so hard to shift. The mascot of my alma mater, Princeton University, a university which is a fundamental part of the US empire's intellectual infrastructure, is the tiger. Now, when you are attending such a university, it is easy to thing, tiger cubs are so cute, tigers are so strong, growing into a tiger shows health and vitality and business and productivity. But, ultimately, the tiger is a parasite on other animals. Maybe when it eats only carrion or the weak it might not be that bad a parasite, but it none-the-less a tiger is an "extractive" creature ecologically, not a "productive" creature like, say, growing green plants or blue green algae. So, when you attend such a place, and see all the economists creating complex books about free markets and the evils of regulation, or see the sociologists going on about communications being a fad, or see the physicists designing better nuclear bombs, or the mathematicians creating better cryptography for the government while creating weak crypto for the masses, and you see all the teenagers studying so hard to be just like these professors, then it is is easy to think, Princeton is such a productive institution. It is producing so much, and it is so sad the rest of the world is so poor, but if we only give more money to Princeton, in time, the productivity of Princeton University will spill over and make the world a better place. But, it is only productive in the way a tiger is, or, for that matter, productive in the way a tick is, the kind that might not just suck your blood, but give you weaponized Lyme disease as well (the "millionaire wannabee" ideology that can poison the life of the poor or middle class).
   "The Wrath of the Millionaire Wannabe's"
   If you give Princeton University more money, it will only be a better tiger, or a better tick. John Taylor Gatto says the same thing about mainstream schools in general for other reasons. So, when you are at a place like Princeton, it is easy to confuse being in a system that is primarily productive versus one that is primarily extractive, because from the inside, they both look pretty much the same (taking in stuff, growing, and putting out stuff), even as socially they are quite different in global implications.
I'd suggest the Roman Empire looked the same from inside the city of Rome. You look at all the armor being produced, all roads, all the great speeches given in Rome, and you say, wow, isn't Rome productive, when all the time, the production is just like a tick growing so it can suck more blood out of its host (the Roman supply regions).
Of course, this is an extreme charicture. There are many people at Princeton University sincerely trying to help the world, and no doubt Rome had many people who tried to promulgate the better parts of Roman culture and Roman engineering to others. But in the main, Princeton and Rome will both have failed for the same reasons -- taking more than they give. Some Native Americans knew this, and tried to help, but were misunderstood:
   "The Field of Plenty is always full of abundance.  The gratitude we show as Children of Earth allows the ideas within the Field of Plenty to manifest on the Good Red Road so we may enjoy these fruits in a physical manner. When the cornucopia was brought to the Pilgrims, the Iroquois People sought to assist these Boat People in destroying their fear of scarcity. The Native understanding is that there is always enough for everyone when abundance is shared and when gratitude is given back to the Original Source. The trick was to explain the concept of the Field of Plenty with few mutually understood words or signs. The misunderstanding that sprang from this lack of common language robbed those who came to Turtle Island of a beautiful teaching. Our "land of the free, home of the brave" has fallen into taking much more than is given back in gratitude by its citizens. Turtle Island has provided for the needs of millions who came from lands that were ruled by the greedy. In our present state of abundance, many of our inhabitants have forgotten that Thanksgiving is a daily way of living, not a holiday that comes once a year."
Rome is history. Princeton Universtity still has a chance to transform: :-)
   "Post-Scarcity Princeton "
   And aspects of it are transforming, but is it enough?
It may well be too late to shift the ideology of the empire (or Princeton University and the rest of the Ivy League that brought us Bush and Obama) from extractive to productive. But even if it is too late, in the honorable Roman way, or the way of any trained pilot flying landing an aircraft low on fuel and with a broken rudder, maybe we should still keep trying, even when it appears hopeless sometimes? See:
   "The Optimism of Uncertainty"
   And as Paul Hawken suggests in "Blessed Unrest",
   things are changing. And many people are trying. Even if the core is mentally dysfunctional, the periphery may still transform and transcend to the point where it can then transform the dying core or just work around a dysfunctional core entirely? So, as as Bucky Fuller said, whether it will be utopia or oblivion will be a touch and go relay race to the very end.
In that sense, I agree with the part of the essay in the following quote, except I would substitute "Post-scarcity Society" for "The Middle Ages":
"So, our Druid had seen the future and was describing it to Emperor Aurelius. He had seen the solution of the problems of Empire: Middle Ages. It was where the Empire was going and where it could not avoid going. What the Druid was proposing was to go there in a controlled way. Ease the transition, don't fight it! If you know where you are going, you can travel in style and comfort. If you don't, well, it will be a rough ride."
So, I certainly agree with some of the sentiment of the essay. But here is the deepest problem as John Taylor Gatto talks about here of why the Emperor can't save us by himself or herself:
      My worry was about finding a prominent ally to help me present this idea that inhuman anthropology is what we confront in our institutional schools, not conspiracy. The hunt paid off with the discovery of an analysis of the Ludlow Massacre by Walter Lippmann in the New Republic of January 30, 1915. Following the Rockefeller slaughter of up to forty-seven, mostly women and children, in the tent camp of striking miners at Ludlow, Colorado, a congressional investigation was held which put John D. Rockefeller Jr. on the defensive. Rockefeller agents had employed armored cars, machine guns, and fire bombs in his name. As Lippmann tells it, Rockefeller was charged with having the only authority to authorize such a massacre, but also with too much indifference to what his underlings were up to. "Clearly," said the industrial magnate, "both cannot be true."
   As Lippmann recognized, this paradox is the worm at the core of all colossal power. Both indeed could be true. For ten years Rockefeller hadn?t even seen this property; what he knew of it came in reports from his managers he scarcely could have read along with mountains of similar reports coming to his desk each day. He was compelled to rely on the word of others. Drawing an analogy between Rockefeller and the czar of Russia, Lippmann wrote that nobody believed the czar himself performed the many despotic acts he was accused of; everyone knew a bureaucracy did so in his name. But most failed to push that knowledge to its inevitable conclusion: If the czar tried to change what was customary he would be undermined by his subordinates. He had no defense against this happening because it was in the best interests of all the divisions of the bureaucracy, including the army, that it ? not the czar ? continue to be in charge of things. The czar was a prisoner of his own subjects. In Lippmann?s words:
   "This seemed to be the predicament of Mr. Rockefeller. I should not believe he personally hired thugs or wanted them hired. It seems far more true to say that his impersonal and half-understood power has delegated itself into unsocial forms, that it has assumed a life of its own which he is almost powerless to control....His intellectual helplessness was the amazing part of his testimony. Here was a man who represented wealth probably without parallel in history, the successor to a father who has, with justice, been called the high priest of capitalism....Yet he talked about himself on the commonplace moral assumptions of a small businessman."
And the original essayist, Ugo Bardi, says much the same thing here:
   All that is, of course, pure fantasy. Even for a Roman Emperor, disbanding the legions couldn't be easy. After all, the name "Emperor" comes from the Latin word "imperator" that simply means "commander". The Roman Emperor was a military commander and the way to be Emperor was to please the legions that the Emperor commanded. A Roman Emperor who threatened to disband the legions wouldn't have been very popular and, most likely, he was to be a short lived Emperor. So, Emperors couldn't have done much even if they had understood system dynamics. In practice, they spent most of their time trying to reinforce the army by having as many legions as they could. Emperors, and the whole Roman world, fought as hard as they could to keep the  status quo ante , to keep things as they had always been. After the 3rd century crisis, Emperor Diocletian resurrected the Empire transforming it into something that reminds us of the Soviet Union at the time of Breznev. An oppressive dictatorship that included a suffocating bureaucracy, heavy taxes for the citizens, and a heavy military apparatus. It was such a burden for the Empire that it destroyed it utterly in little more than a century.
   Our Druids may be better than those of the times of the Roman Empire, at least they have digital computers. But our leaders are no better apt at understanding complex system than the military commanders who ruled the Roman Empire. Even our leaders were better, they would face the same problems: there are no structures that can gently lead society to where it is going. We have only structures that are there to keep society where it is - no matter how difficult and uncomfortable it is to be there. It is exactly what Tainter says: we react to problems by building structure that are more and more complex and that, in the end, produce a negative return. That's why societies collapse.
   So, all our efforts are to keep the  status quo ante . For this reason we are so desperately looking for something that can replace crude oil and leave everything else the same. It has to be something that is liquid, that burns and, if possible, even smells bad. Drill more, drill deeper, boil tar sands, make biofuels even if people will starve. We do everything we can to keep things as they are.
   And, yet, we are going where the laws of physics are taking us. A world with less crude oil, or with no crude oil at all, cannot be the same world we are used to, but it doesn't need to be the Middle Ages again. If we manage to deploy new sources of energy, renewable or nuclear - fast enough to replace crude oil and the other fossil fuels, we can imagine that the transition would not involve a big loss of complexity, perhaps none at all. More likely, a reduced flux of energy and natural resources in the economic system will entail the kind of collapse described in the simulations of "The Limits to Growth." We can't avoid to go where the laws of physics are taking Anyway, there is the problem, but only half-truth solutions. Organizations can change into learning communities, individuals can learn and grow, many leaders are well informed in various ways or at least their staffs are, and the internet facilitates this (even as the internet also facilitates a stronger police state). It is a struggle, even to realize the life-affirming prospects of the internet before death-facilitating aspects gain ascendancy, but there remains a chance.
In some ways, I feel the Ugo Bardi is both too optimistic and too pessimistic. He is too optimistic, since even in 1964, the Triple Revolution memorandum pointed out how with modern weapons, war on any large scale was too terrible to contemplate, so if Rome falls in an uncontrolled way, it is likely these weapons (nukes, bioweapons, killer robots, others) will be used and render the Earth very difficult to inhabit for humans, especially with only medieval technology. But he seems too pessimistic in thinking it likely will fall uncontrollably given all the millions of people working to rebuild our society into something better, as Paul Hawken documents, or this p2presearch list illustrates.
Anyway, I used to be more like the Peak Oilers twenty-five years ago. Most of them may come around eventually (I hope) to a post-scarcity vision, like I did in part from reading the writings of James P. Hogan and many others. Many pieces of that puzzle are in the essay, just not put together yet along with a few missing pieces. Producing that essay was a good step forward, so others like me can respond to the core assumption in it (and no doubt make our own mistakes based on flawed assumptions in our turn. :-)
But one point the essayist makes and I agree with is that there are solutions to various "crises" we face -- whether we as a society implement them is the important issue. What is always odd to me is that while people readily admit we face huge problems from the threat of nuclear war, global pollution from CO2 or endocrine disruptors or pesticides, compulsory schooling dumbing down most of humanity (John Taylor Gatto), or even that abundance from automation and better design poses a threat to our way of life (Marshall Brain), the solutions proposed are timid and piecemeal. But, the essay helps explain why, as the first reaction is always to try to conserve the status quo, often way beyond the point where it can be conserved in any sustainable way. Still, I feel the essay defines a problem without really defining a good solution (like a basic income for all to make their needs or wants known to the market, a transition to post-scarcity economics gift economy, or something else).
As I read through the comments after writing this, I see some of them touch on these ideas. They even link to a youtube video of Michel:
  "P2P in History: Learning From Rome - Michel Bauwens 12/12"
  Still, as I see it, the dynamics of the current collapse are different. For a reasonably steady population, here is the equation that describes the crisis our society is facing:
Jobs = (Demand - (Stockpiled_Supply - War)) / (Automation * Good_Design)
We can assume "Automation" and "Good_Design" are increasing, which tends to reduce the need for "Jobs", all other things being equal. Mainstream economics suggests "Demand" is essentially infinite -- that is, if people have two cars, they want four cars, and if they have four cars, they want one hundred cars parked in their driveway, and then even that won't be enough, they will want a thousand cars, a million cars. Clearly, stated that way, mainstream economics sounds absurd, because people only have so much time and attention they will devote to acquiring cars, especially because everything that you own, also owns you. Jay Leno might own lots of cars, but in general, even he stopped an slowed down buying cars, and in any case, he does not have 10000 snowmobiles too.
   Also, why own 100 cars yourself if you could let Jay Leno and his staff do all the maintenance work and just visit or volunteer in his garage or a similar place? Cars can be more fun in company:
   Or, why not own the cars virtually in Gran Turismo?
   So, if "Demand" is ultimately limited once most people meet their basic needs for food, water, shelter, information, and some consumer items ("the best things in life are free or cheap"), or at least "Demand" is rising less quickly than improvements in productivity "(Automation * Good_Design)", then the number of paying "Jobs" will go towards zero. And as there are less "Jobs", and so more competition for them, the remaining "Jobs" will get paid less and have worse working conditions.
The absence of good "Jobs" creates a crisis in a society that only allows people with jobs to direct the market and take goods from it (thus, the unemployed will starve, or riot, or be on unrelated small and depressing welfare payments, see Marshall Brain's Manna or described in the Triple Revolution memorandum).
"War" can increase jobs by destroying any stockpiled goods or existing infrastructure, requiring more goods and infrastructure, or vast stockpiles of military might intended no never be used, but "War" has become too terrible to contemplate even as stockpiles of war materials beg to be used, and in any case, building a *need* for "War" into an economic system seems inelegant and unethical, especially when "War" can so easily mean Armageddon these days.
The above is the equation I would suggest is more worth exploring these days than the Club of Rome's "Limits to Growth" one. That simple equation is IMHO key to understanding the next twenty years of our society, especially with the emergence of more capable robots. It would be worthwhile to plot the number of jobs over time for all sorts of assumptions of curves of demand and curves of automation and better design. One could also add in some demographic aspects of changing population sizes which I have left out for simplicity. Remember, in the next twenty years, none of the resource constraints Peak Oilers worry about are likely to be huge, but nonetheless, the equation above might show jobs trending low enough to create a huge set of social problems. We have already seen riots in Greece and other places in Europe related to the trends that come out of that equation.
And the result is we either need a basic income for everyone to make the system work, or we need to transition entirely to a post-scarcity gift economy, or we need some other approach to move beyond mainstream economic culture or even the market (local 3D printing like Star Trek matter replicators and recyclers that can print their own solar panels for power and print more replicators, etc. augmented by peer production and peer services in some local exchange way perhaps).
Any one of those three approaches (or some combination) might work sustainably without requiring war (or other forms of waste like compulsory schooling) to destroy abundance. Someday, it will seem ludicrous to describe the twentieth century as having been mostly about using war and schooling ust to create the kind of jobs people don't need to do anyway and shape the kind of people who will be satisfied with jobs that are easily automated or redesigned out of existence. So, moving beyond the economic collapse model also means seriously rethinking the nature and meaning of "Jobs" or "work" in our society.
   --Paul Fernhout
P.S. With all that said, the world's helium supply may be depleted a few    but people like Peak Oilers seem more worried about fossil fuels that we have centuries of at current rates of use. There is lots of helium in the universe, just not readily accessible on Earth. Helium is difficult to substitute for, and very difficult to make, compared to oil. If Peak Oilers were talking about Peak Helium, I'd be much more sympathetic. :-) Still, even for helium, rising prices may lead to changes in patterns of use and production, and maybe even an increased interest in a space program to collect helium. More links:
"The increase in price of liquid helium has accelerated interest in the development and use of alternative cooling systems. In particular, pulse-tube coolers are now available that will allow cryostats with modest cooling needs to operate dilution refrigerators without the need for repeated refills of liquid helium from external supply sources."

@_date: 2009-07-26 10:59:45
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Alternative peer alliance form (was Re: Road to 
> by Lawrence Taub
 >
 > Russia, the US, Canada, and Scandinavia ? All Under One Roof, the North Pole
 >
 > The year is 2020 and the unthinkable has happened -- the US and Russia,
 > together with Canada, several USSR successor states, and the Nordic
 > countries, have announced the formation of Polario, a political and economic
 > union along the lines of the European Union.  Economic, security, and mutual
 > confrontation issues, as well as the rise of Europa and Confucio (the East
 > Asian Union), have finally forced the hands of the two ex-superpowers.  An
 > economic-political union together with the other countries around the North
 > Pole has seemed the only way to solve their problems ?permanently?.
When I was in a high school social studies class, the causes of World War I were explained:
   World War I (abbreviated as WW-I, WWI, or WW1), also known as the First World War, the Great War, and the War to End All Wars, was a global military conflict that embroiled most of the world's great powers,[1] assembled in two opposing alliances: the Triple Entente and the Triple Alliance.[2] Over 70 million military personnel were mobilized in one of the largest wars in history.[3] The main combatants descended into a state of total war, pumping their entire scientific and industrial capabilities into the war effort. Over 15 million people were killed, making it one of the deadliest conflicts in history. The immediate or proximate cause of war was the assassination on 28 June 1914 of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne, by Gavrilo Princip, a Serbian nationalist. Austria-Hungary's resulting demands against the Kingdom of Serbia activated a sequence of alliances. Within weeks the major European powers were at war; their global empires meant that the conflict soon spread worldwide.
That "activation of a sequence" of alliances was the key bit, where all the alliances were of the form, "if you attack anyone in the alliance, everyone in the alliance will attack you back". So, two tiny countries have a tiny border dispute or tiny trade dispute, and soon the whole world then is fighting each other. From a global systems perspective, this is a very stupid way to organize military alliances. That form of alliance is designed to *amplify* conflict with positive feedback, not damp down conflict with negative feedback.
Now, I thought about that, and I am still proud to say I came up with this idea then as an alternative sitting in social studies class (and no doubt someone else has had it, but I have not seen it yet, but I have not thought about it in years or looked for a parallel).
Here is the key idea: a peer-to-peer security alliance should be of a different form than a mutual defense pact against outsiders. It should be more like a mutual attack pact against insiders, where if anyone in the alliance attacks another peer in the alliance (or violates an agreed on boundary in some way), then the *entire* rest of the alliance agrees takes action against the peer violating the boundary or doing the aggressive thing. This alliance says nothing about what the alliance will do if threatened from outside. It is purely a set of rules about normative peer behavior inside the alliance.
So, imagine we start this peer-to-peer alliance of countries with the Netherlands and Singapore, at opposite ends of the world (although both concerned about trade). In order to form it, both need to agree to some basic code of international conduct, as well as formalize their borders with respect to each other, and resolve any current trade disputes. Then, say, Estonia decides to join. It to must agree with the previous border claims of the Netherlands and Singapore with respect to itself (and other economic regulations as well as rules for amending the alliance charter, and so on). Alternatively, in the process of joining, Estonia needs to get the Netherlands and Singapore to alter aspects of the alliance including borders in a way that all the countries in the alliance can agree on (so, agreement is 100% consensus within the alliance on the changes or the new country can not join).
   Now, you may ask, what is the point of the Netherlands, Singapore, and Estonia agreeing to not attack each other (like they would even dream of that) and to adhere to some generally recognized international laws they are likely already following? What would be the point in the Netherlands and Singapore agreeing that Estonia could step in to stop a very unlikely military conflict between the two, Estonia likely having few troops and few ships and little chance of accomplishing anything by itself beyond some talk? The value begins to grow as more countries join. So, with more and more countries, there would be increasing value in the agreement to allow the other countries in a growing alliance to step in and stop conflicts which any country initiates against other peer countries in the alliance. As times goes by, Venezuela might join, and then Canada, and then joining this alliance might be the sensible thing to do because it will be a new organization setting standards and promoting good things across the peer network. Eventually, a country will want to join who has a border dispute or economic dispute with another country already in the alliance (say, if Russia wants to join and Japan has already joined, and they dispute ownership of some islands). In order to join this alliance, the countries involved will need to work out their dispute. There may eventually be an enormous incentive to join this organization, so, say the value of joining may be bigger than the value of some few islands that are disputed, and there would be a big incentive to bring in even more countries to assure global mutual security by those in the alliance, so, there is a big incentive by all peers to resolve these conflicts before they lead to war, even if significant concessions needed to be made. Eventually, there might be a situation where there are a few big holdouts, like the USA, if it can't agree with everyone else's border claims or figure out a way to resolve it. But there might be enormous internal political pressure on those last holdouts to joint to support world peace. It would at least be pretty obvious at that point what countries were not willing to get along with their peers.
Eventually, this alliance might replace the United Nations. Alternatively, this alliance forming process might actually be done through the United Nations as a series of new treaties with new governing structures. Note, this is *not* the same as world government. This is a set of rules for how peers should behave towards each other. And it is also, ideally, a framework for solving conflicts before they reach the point of economic war or physical war (given economic war and physical war are often interrelated with one causing the other).
Note the big difference of this form of alliance than the conventional form, including this new "Polario" idea. There is no reason for a set of two big blocks which might end up attacking each other. There is the potential for this one alliance to spread globally and define the norms under which peers (countries) interact with each other under the terms of the alliance. I'm not sure what would happen if two such alliances started to form, but ideally, they would negotiate at least a common denominator for borders and trade rules and then merge. But even if two alliances could not agree, they would still not pose any threat to each other, because there is nothing in the alliance about how to interact with those outside the alliance. So, two alliances could even overlap. There could even be different alliances for diferent things (borders versus trade regulations, for example). I'm not sure, as I think about it, what all the implications would be of lots of overlapping peer-to-peer alliances of this form?
Would this work politically? It entails countries essentially agreeing to be attacked militarily or economically by peers if they violate certain norms they previously agreed to, or at least, peers agreeing to be attackers or enforcers, to step in and stop disputes and enforce boundaries. It is a sort of global anti-bullying pact among peers.
   So, would this be seen by nations considering joining as essentially giving up some of their sovereignty? Well, I don't know. But it is an alternative way to look at the notions of peer alliances. And it is a way to build a stronger community that has consensus about some international norms for peer behavior at a national level as well as some teeth to the enforcement of those norms as a community.
No doubt someone would want to simulate this before trying it to see if it has any obvious failure modes unique to it, like in Model United Nations    I'm not even sure there would have to be a violent military aspect to the agreement. It might be good enough for peers to just say that if a peer transgresses a certain norm or boundary, they would slow or stop their trade with that peer (or reduce their internet bandwidth to that country), essentially as a form of "shunning" (which is non-violent, but still    There would then need to be some way to compensate individual businesses for economic losses. And the bigger alliance agreement would then perhaps take precedence over contracts between individual businesses across borders.
Anyway, I'm not sure what the best enforcement strategy for agreed on peer norms would be in such an alliance. No doubt people would explore that.
Related section of a 1951 sci-fi story:
   "And Then There Were None" by Eric Frank Russell
    Matt came up with a cloth over one arm. ?I?m serving no Antigands.?
    ?You served me last time,? Harrison reminded.
    ?That may be. I didn?t know you were off that ship. But I know now.? He flicked the cloth across one corner of the table, brushing away imaginary crumbs. ?No Antigands served by me.?
    ?Is there any other place where we might get a meal??
    ?Not unless somebody will let you plant an ob on them. They won?t do that if they know who you are but there?s a chance they might make the same mistake as I did.? Another flick across the corner.
    ?I don?t make them twice.?
    ?You?re making one right now.? announced Gleed, his voice hard and edgy. He nudged Harrison. ?Watch this.? His hand came out of a side pocket holding a tiny gun. Pointing it at Matt?s middle, he said, ?Ordinarily I could get into trouble for this, if those on the ship were in the mood to make trouble. But they aren?t. They?re more than tired of you two-legged mules.? He motioned with the weapon.
    ?So start walking and fetch us two full plates.?
    ?I won?t,? said Matt, firming his lips and ignoring the gun. Gleed thumbed the safety-catch which moved with an audible click. ?It?s touchy now. It?d go off at a sneeze. Get moving.?
    ?I won?t,? said Matt.
    With unconcealed disgust, Gleed shoved the weapon back into his pocket. ?I was only kidding you. It isn?t loaded.?
    ?Wouldn?t have made the slightest difference if it had been,? Matt assured. ?I serve no Antigands and that is that.?
    ?What if I?d lost control of myself and blown several large holes in you??
    ?How could I have served you then?? asked Matt. ?A dead person is of no use to anyone. It?s time You Antigands learned a little logic.? With which parting shot he meandered off.
    ?He?s got something there,? offered Harrison, patently depressed. ?What can you do with a corpse? Nothing whatever. A body is in nobody?s power.?
    ?Oh, I don?t know. A couple of stiffs lying around might sharpen the others. They?d become really eager.?
    ?You?re thinking of them in Terran terms,? Harrison said. ?It?s a mistake. They are not Terrans no matter where they came from originally. They are Gands.?
    ?Well, just what are Gands supposed to be??
    ?I don?t know. It?s a safe bet they?re some kind of fanatics. Terra exported one-track-minders by the millions around the time of the Great Explosion. Look at that crazy crowd on Hygeia, for instance.? ...
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-26 13:42:24
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: a very interesting essay on the collapse of 
I've been thinking on this analogy or Rome to a parasite, and it can be    "Although parasites are often omitted in depictions of food webs, they usually occupy the top position. Parasites can function like keystone species, reducing the dominance of superior competitors and allowing competing species to co-exist."
One might imagine that over the centuries, one could suggest the supply region to the city of Rome developed some sort of immune response by the European host to the Roman parasite. So, the "fall of Rome" could just be seen as a parasite-host co-evolutionary process. For example, the Geramic tribes and other "barbarians" can be seen as people who, over centuries, developed strategies to thwart Roman parasitism.
In nature ofter parasite-host relationships can lead to collapse of the host population (over-exploitation), to resistance by the host to the parasite (perhaps leading to the extinction of the parasite), or to symbiosis of host and parasite (where both get some mutual benefit). So, collapse is not always the result of parasitism.
There are many examples of successful mutual relationships in nature -- lichens are a classic example.
   "Lichens ... are composite organisms consisting of a symbiotic association of a fungus (the mycobiont) with a photosynthetic partner (the photobiont or phycobiont), usually either a green alga (commonly Trebouxia) or cyanobacterium (commonly Nostoc). The morphology, physiology and biochemistry of lichens are very different to that of the isolated fungus and alga in culture."
More on symbiosis:
   "The definition of symbiosis is in flux, and the term has been applied to a wide range of biological interactions. The symbiotic relationship may be categorized as being mutualistic, parasitic, or commensal in nature.[3][4] Others define it more narrowly, as only those relationships from which both organisms benefit, in which case it would be synonymous with mutualism. Symbiotic relationships include those associations in which one organism lives on another (ectosymbiosis, such as mistletoe), or where one partner lives inside the other (endosymbiosis, such as lactobacilli and other bacteria in humans or zooxanthelles in corals). Symbiotic relationships may be either obligate, i.e., necessary for the survival of at least one of the organisms involved, or facultative, where the relationship is beneficial but not essential for survival of the organisms."
After Rome fell, the secret of making concrete was lost for a thousand years or so, which I take as an example of Roman culture and engineering not being widely dispersed past Rome, an so I'd suggest this indicates Rome (as a city) was more extractive than productive, retaining key knowledge to itself for its own benefit. The structures Rome needed to be a parasite (roads, outposts) to suck materials back to Rome were put in place, but not the culture of advanced engineering. There was some benefit to other countries it stability in some ways, the Pax Romana, but not enough compared to the costs to move to true symbiosis.
In the case of any parasitism by the US empire on the rest of the world, clearly there are some big differences. If the USA were to sink beneath the waves in some huge earthquake, people around the world still would know how to make computer chips and search engines and fiber optics. So, in that sense, the technology that often was refined in the USA has spread widely. US American culture has also spread widely in some ways (including by the internet, but it has also been a two-way process where the USA has changed, whether from importing African rhythms or Indian Yoga). So, there is more possibility for global symbiosis around some of the better aspects of US American culture rather than outright rejection of all of US America. In the Princeton University example, one can suggest as Princeton moves from a motto of "In the Nation's Service" to "In the World's Service" that there is a potential for symbiosis as opposed to host destruction or immune rejection. Still, one could see radical Islam as essentially an immune system reaction, for one example, to fiat-dollar debt-based Western banking (controlled partially by many Princetonians) as opposed to Islamic banking, etc. Exactly how that all plays out remains to be seen.
Anyway, working through parallels to ecology and evolution for the Romans or the US Americans is an interesting thought experiment, as would be generalizing these themes to any set of peer relationships. Obviously there are many differences too, given the complexities of overlapping social systems, and also given the changing historical context. In any case, the different possible outcomes of parasitism (collapse, rejection, symbiosis) suggests one can't draw a direct parallel between the collapse of Rome and what might happen to the USA.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-26 21:08:34
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 9 killer telemedicine apps 
I know you were just quoting the article title, but it seems like "killer apps" are not something one would want to see in medicine? :-)
"An Investigation of the Therac-25 Accidents"
   Computers are increasingly being introduced into safety-critical systems and, as a consequence, have been involved in accidents. Some of the most widely cited software-related accidents in safety-critical systems involved a computerized radiation therapy machine called the Therac-25. Between June 1985 and January 1987, six known accidents involved massive overdoses by the Therac-25 -- with resultant deaths and serious injuries. They have been described as the worst series of radiation accidents in the 35-year history of medical accelerators.
   With information for this article taken from publicly available documents, we present a detailed accident investigation of the factors involved in the overdoses and the attempts by the users, manufacturers, and the US and Canadian governments to deal with them. Our goal is to help others learn from this experience, not to criticize the equipment's manufacturer or anyone else. The mistakes that were made are not unique to this manufacturer but are, unfortunately, fairly common in other safety-critical systems. As Frank Houston of the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said, "A significant amount of software for life-critical systems comes from small firms, especially in the medical device industry; firms that fit the profile of those resistant to or uninformed of the principles of either system safety or software engineering."
   Furthermore, these problems are not limited to the medical industry. It is still a common belief that any good engineer can build software, regardless of whether he or she is trained in state-of-the-art software-engineering procedures. Many companies building safety-critical software are not using proper procedures from a software-engineering and safety-engineering perspective.
   Most accidents are system accidents; that is, they stem from complex interactions between various components and activities. To attribute a single cause to an accident is usually a serious mistake. In this article, we hope to demonstrate the complex nature of accidents and the need to investigate all aspects of system development and operation to understand what has happened and to prevent future accidents. ...
Which raises of the issue of how does one ensure that peer produced software meets certain standards as to safety or effectiveness? Peer certification --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-27 16:33:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In the future...the cost of education will be 
Something related I posted recently to the Abundance Google Group:
"Re: [Abundance] Learning in a post-scarcity environment"
One excerpt:
   In New York State, where I live, the states spends about US$20K per child
per year for schooling to produce a result where less than 70% of kids
graduate from high school, and of the ones that do graduate, most have got
almost nothing out of their education as far as life skills for surviving in
today's world.
   For thirteen years, at $20K a year, that is US$260K total, or with
compounding interest, that is perhaps closer to half a million dollars over
that time from kindergarten till a child graduates from 12th grade. Invested
well, a half a million dollars would mean that child would never have to
"work" a day in their life except at things they chose to do. Essentially,
rather than give kids half a million dollars when they turn eighteen, we
give them essentially a worthless high school diploma. Or, they could get a
nice house, a new car, and US$250K in the bank. Ask any kid or parent which
they would rather have. Which would you rather have for your kids?
   Note: according to John Holt, it takes only 50 contact hours to teach
someone to read once they decide they want to, and about another 50 hours to
teach the basics of math, after which most kids can bootstrap themselves to
higher levels of literacy and general knowledge. So, those 100 contact hours
are costing your child US$500,000, or about US$5000 an hour. These are some
web sites where kids can learn to reading, writing, and arithmetic online
for free.
     (learn to use the mouse)
     (learn to read)
     (learn math)
     (learn to type)
     (to learn to write by writing to friends)
(Obviously, doing stuff with pen and paper has its place too, and may even
be preferable. Free computers can generally been had from people upgrading,
or a new netbook costs about US$200.)
   Alternatively, the US$20K a year per child could be given directly to
parents who often would then no longer have to work while their child is
young. For example, a family with three children would have an income of
US$60K a year from that, an amount above the median family income in the
USA. Sure, a small percent of parents would blow the money on alcohol
instead of helping educate the child themselves or using tutors or private
schooling, but would the results even then be much worse than a greater than
30% failure rate of the current system, where even high school graduates can
be illiterate? And with every other family around dysfunctional families
able to stay home and take care of their kids, even the kids of
dysfunctional families would have neighbors to turn to for help.
Granted, New York State is an extreme case, as the average per student expenditure in the USA is probably closer to US$12K to US$15K per child.
But it is still a lot of money.
So, we can see here an extreme example of a tension between peer-based home-based learning and hierarchically-based institution-based learning, in the amount of US$20K per child per year. In New York State, you can opt out of the hierarchical school system and homeschool (thankfully), but you don't get the US$20K per child if you have more confidence in on-demand peer learning than just-in-case hierarchical learning. So, there is a very specific ideology there directing vast amounts of money and vast amounts of labor (child and adult) to, what our best understanding shows us, is a bad end, since everything from homework to grades to sitting in one place for an extended time has been shown by scientific studies to be bad for children's growth, health, happiness, and productivity (in the context of long school days and long school years). But, John Taylor Gatto suggests, dumbed down kids are the backbone of the hierarchical State. So, I'd suggest improving education needs to be at the core of a peer-to-peer movement, and that is what we are seeing on the internet.
The single biggest reason most parents support the schooling system is that it is free child care; they need somewhere that seems to be safe to put their kids during the day so they can hold a job. If you gave parents a choice, I'd suggest many or most would take the $20K per child as income rather than use the schools for a day care purpose. There are other reasons of course, from feeling education goes on at schools (debatable) or that parents and children are often alienated from each other in our current society and so do not enjoy each others company. Still, our entire social and technical and work infrastructure is built around keeping children in prison-like buildings all day every weekday, so lots of things would need to change if schools were permanently dismissed.
Note: I'm not against all hierarchies (I feel we need a better balance of meshwork and hierarchy), and many teachers are, as individuals, wonderful caring people who try their hardest to help kids. Also, one-on-one or even small group instruction face-to-face may often be superior to using the internet or computers to learn a lot of things. Were public schools like public libraries, where anyone of any age could go to learn anything when *they* wanted to, I'd be all for them, even if it meant higher taxes. I'm all for "education" however it is done in a humane and cost-effective way. This is mostly a point about the vast amount of money we are pouring into an obsolete paradigm of Prussian-inspired compulsory schooling. And my comments are from a US perspective -- other countries may do some things better (cost less, teach more, provide more options, etc.).
   "Sustainable education" by Jerry Mintz
   "Nevertheless, there is an education revolution going on, and it is long overdue. It is moving in the diametrically opposite direction of the "testing" push. The latter comes from the bureaucrats from within that dying system, who do know there is something wrong. But since they can't think "out of the box," the only remedy they can come up with is longer hours, more homework, and "teaching to the test," in other words, more of the same. The education revolution is coming from people who have created alternative schools and programs, thousands of them, and from others who have checked "none of the above" and have decided to home educate"
To summarize, these are three main issues that often get confused when talking about schooling (Gatto has clarified these for me):
* schooling and education are not the same, as schooling is about the needs of the State and education is about the needs of the individual as well as * teachers can be good people even if they are trapped in bad institutions that limit their actions and trained to be agents of the State; and
* redistributing tax money to families with children may be a good idea (as a basic income), even if spending tax dollars on their behalf in certain specific obsolete ways may be a bad idea (as Prussian-derived schooling).
By separating these issues out, one can think more clearly about the future of education and have more productive discussions about it.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-27 23:17:37
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A slashdot post on Bill Gates that struck a nerve 
My post in a story related to Bill Gates:
   (It has been modded both up to the maximum and down a little again.)
The part that probably annoyed some people the most:
Bill Gates [born with a multi-million dollar trust fund] could have spent
his lifetime writing free software. That being born a multi-millionaire was
not enough for him is a sign of an illness that causes "financial obesity",
not something to be emulated. But, in the end, it is not Bill Gates who has
destroyed our society as much as all the people who want to be the next Bill
Gates and support regressive social policies they hope to benefit from someday.
     "The Wrath of the Millionaire Wannabe's"
      [conceptualguerilla.com]
Of course eventually, these guy realize that not only are they not
millionaires, they're not making much progress toward that noble goal.
That's when they get ugly. You see, they see themselves as capable,
intelligent, hard working people - and they are for the most part - who
"have what it takes" to "make it". They believe that the difference between
those who "make it" and those who don't is being "capable, intelligent and
hardworking". Things like "having rich parents", "getting just plain lucky"
or "being a crook" don't factor into the equation anywhere. No, American
society is a natural hierarchy where the most capable are "rich beyond their
wildest dreams", and the non-rich are chumps that just don't measure up. ...
But here's something I'll bet the dittoheads haven't thought of. Maybe
they're the chumps. Maybe they've been sold a bogus "American dream" that
never existed. Maybe "the rules" they play by were written by the people who
have "made it" - not by the people who haven't. And maybe - just maybe - the
people who have "made it" wrote those rules to keep the wannabes chasing a
dream that's a mirage. Maybe Thomas Jefferson, George Washington and Samuel
Adams didn't fight to make the world safe for John D. Rockefeller - or Don
LaPre, either. Maybe the Rolls Royce complete with bimbo was left out of our
inalienable rights for a reason. Maybe the "pursuit of happiness" Thomas
Jefferson wrote about was something a bit more profound than the empty joy
of owning things you don't need so you can look down of down on the lesser
mortals who lack your "ability". Maybe Thomas Jefferson intended the
"pursuit of happiness" to be something attainable not just for anybody - but
for everybody.
I'd suggest the intent of the original US founders (ignoring discrimination
against women, slaves, natives, the poor, etc.) was much closer to a peer
economy than the big companies dominating the global landscape now, even as
many people *think* they are supporting peer production of some sort (small
businesses) when they support the US status quo. In practice, our economy
has many interwoven strong financial hierarchies (even Microsoft is an
example of that, a company with global monopoly powers making deals with
other big companies and the government). There are a lot of small businesses
too, but it is a rough life as one.
It is a sign of how much economic uncertainty there is these days that many
people want to become millionaires just to *survive* economic uncertainty,
not to have luxury in abundance.
I feel that way myself sometimes, even as I try to fight it. :-)  Not that
I'm very religious, but I remember this verse:
   "Consider the ravens: They do not sow or reap, they have no storeroom or
barn; yet God feeds them. And how much more valuable you are than birds!"
Though in some ways, this adage keeps me more in check: :-)
    (on to 21)
"Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust
destroy, and where thieves break in and steal. But store up for yourselves
treasures in heaven, where moth and rust do not destroy, and where thieves
do not break in and steal. For where your treasure is, there your heart will
be also."
Although I'd replace the notion of "heaven" with some notion of a global
peer network and gift economy. :-) So, if you want your writings or software
to have a chance at lasting forever, give them to the net. :-) Also, from
something in Readers Digest long ago, there was a story of a very wealthy
couple who gave their house and garden to a college with the provision they
could live in it for their lifetime, and then 1929 came and they lost
everything except the right to live in that house and grow food in that
garden. So, sometimes all you have left is what you give away. :-)
Still, it is not money itself (which is a tool) as much as the love of money
that is supposedly the root of all sorts of evil.
   "For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil. Some people, eager
for money, have wandered from the faith and pierced themselves with many
I also saw James and Janet Baker (students of my college advisor, and
colleagues of people I knew in the IBM speech group) build up a billion
dollar company around proprietary software and lose it all in one stock deal
(presumably along with the right to continue working on the software):
   "Lernout & Hauspie bought Dragon Systems in June of 2000 for stock then
valued at about $600 million. The dictation system bubble burst in 2001, and
Lernout & Hauspie went bankrupt."
   "For some time Lernout & Hauspie was dogged by rumours of financial
impropriety, and in early 1999 the Wall Street Journal, ran allegations in
its Heard on the Street column, by Goldman Sachs analyst Robert Smithson,
that earnings had been overstated. Further investigation by Wall Street
Journal staffer Jesse Eisinger led to the revelation on 8 August 2000 of a
major financial scandal involving fictitious transactions in Korea and
improper accounting methodologies elsewhere. In April 2001 founders Jo
Lernout and Pol Hauspie, as well as former CEO Gaston Bastiaens, were
arrested in what is considered one of the largest corporate scandals in
history prior to Enron. Lernout & Hauspie finally went bankrupt on 25
October 2001 after having struggled for a year."
Do you think the kind of couple who spend their time developing the best
speech recognition software in the world are going to also be the most
financially savvy people in the world? What a loss.
But this is a core tension to resistance to peer production ideas -- if you
have the desire to be a millionaire through the global marketplace, even
against all odds, then you will tend to support a system that promises the
chance of that, even if the chance is one in a million (and even if the odds
of keeping the wealth are even lower). It's the same reason poor people play
the lottery with the money that otherwise they might use to improve their
lives (perhaps pooled as microcredit or to do some social project). So,
instead of voting for taxes on the wealthy to support better social services
or a basic income, they vote to lower taxes for what they want to be. Rather
than vote for shorter copyright, the vote for longer copyright. Rather than
vote for local libraries or workshops, they vote against them and buy from
   "21,000 Flexible Public Fabrication Facilities across the USA"
   And so on.
There are other reasons people vote how they do (including misleading
economists) but I think that issue of being a millionaire wannabee is a
stronger one than is obvious at first.
This is one book that helped me see beyond that mirage:
   "The Seven Laws of Money"
   When I was a teenager, I went to the library and collected books on how to
be a millionaire. All the rest told me how to do it (start a small business,
work hard, and get lucky),
but one of the books, by Michael Phillips, who helped create MasterCard, was
the only one that asked me, "Why do you want to be a millionaire?"
And that is a very good question to think about.
A short list of the laws, though there is so much more to the book:
  The same guy also has a book with more practical advice on running a small
   "Honest Business" by Michael Phillips
Still, I won't say all the critical comments in that thread are unfair.
There are things markets can do well under some circumstances. Many people
enjoy running small honest businesses (when they are reasonably profitable
or they don't need money from them). We have a lot more stuff in the USA
than we ever did. It is fair to ask for some sort of proof that alternatives
will be better than what we have now before making major changes. It is fair
to point out that many people are motivated to do disagreeable tasks (or
find innovative solutions) by long term self-interest or wanting to support
their family. It is fair to see Bill Gates as a very smart and hard working
person with some aspirations to make great products (even as he is a
monopolist and so a supporter of regressive social policies), in the same
way it is fair to say Christopher Columbus was a brave and talented and
persuasive guy (even if he essentially started a genocidal process is the
Americas for interwoven commercial and religious reasons).
It's a complex set of issues to argue in the USA, both accepting markets
have some value and showing their limits (externalities, inequities,
systemic risks, etc.). And of course, overall there is a trend towards
exponentially increasing automation and better design breaking the link
between direct human labor and total industrial productivity, which reduces
the need for human labor even if demand rises, which in turn drives down
wages and working conditions, in a vicious negative spiral we are seeing the
beginning of now. Agriculture went from most of the workforce to 2% in the
USA in two hundred years. Manufacturing went from 30% of the workforce to
12% in fifty years and is still falling. Services are likely next, in part
from James and Janet Baker's excellent speech recognition work (although
also from work by people at IBM and elsewhere) as well as robotics work done
at lots of places (including Willow Garage).
"Scientists Worry Machines May Outsmart Man" (Guess women are safe? :-)
One thing to consider is that "past performance does not guarantee future
gains" as far as human happiness from a free market. Especially, one like
that of the USA, where from about 1950 to 1970 the USA was the only major
economy on the planet not destroyed by WWII and so had a big advantage.
Since the 1970s, real wages for most people in the USA have been stagnant
(although quality of some products have gone up, while others have gone
down). Other countries have done better since, but the riots in Greece
mainly over jobs for people in their 20s seem to me like the beginnings of
things to come (even given Europe has had higher unemployment in the past).
So, I find myself talking about how there is a structural failure in the
current system as quantitative changes become qualitative changes.
Still, that ignores the issue of whom the market has harmed. For example,
Brink Lindsey of the Cato Institute in his book "The Age of Abundance" talks
about how US Americans must be better off due to the free market because
poor people have dishwashers and TVs now. But that ignores how maybe a lot
of Africans or Middle Easterners may feel worse off being in nations that
transformed from autonomous countries to US supply regions. But the process
is so complex that it is hard to make simple conclusions (for example,
populations went up in some places in Africa, and some people are much
better off, even as others may be worse off in some ways but might not have
been born, etc.).
Anyway, I just wanted to share this notion that Millionaire Wannabees are
one reason there is substantial resistance to alternative economic ideas.
I'm not sure how best to address that issue. Maybe more alternative examples   defining success differently than being a billionaire in a world with lots of poverty?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-28 05:39:18
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: meeting on p2p risks to national sec 
Michel Bauwens linked to:
"Inadvertent File Sharing Over Peer-To-Peer Networks: How it Endangers
Citizens and Jeopardizes National Security."
Here are some comments on the p2p file sharing issue from my own thinking
about it in the context of working towards peer-to-peer collaboration software.
First, and mostly unrelated, one witness is listed as from "Center for the
Study of Digital Property". Well, as Richard Stallman suggests, calling
something "property" begs the question of how it should be treated by
society. But, if it is "property', then how about taxing it annually?
         Let's see how fast we can get copyright and patent lawyers to say, "Oh, no,
that's not what we meant by property. You can't tax Micky Mouse; it's just
that he's like real estate only when it benefits us." :-)
Anyway, and on to my main points, there are serious security risks to any
system attached to the internet, obviously. So, the basis of this hearing is
not without some merit.
      But, what is left out of the equation in terms of balance is how intentional
sharing of information on peer-to-peer networks can enhance national and
global security.
For one example, one of the biggest early users of the Groove peer-to-peer
software for collaboration was the US Defense Department. That itself caused
some other issues:
   "Software Pioneer Quits Board of Groove"
   "Mitchell D. Kapor, a personal computer industry software pioneer and a
civil liberties activist, has resigned from the board of Groove Networks
after learning that the company's software was being used by the Pentagon as
part of its development of a domestic surveillance system. Mr. Kapor would
say publicly only that it was a "delicate subject" and that he had resigned
to pursue his interests in open source software. ... However, a person close
to Mr. Kapor said that he was uncomfortable with the fact that Groove
Networks' desktop collaboration software was a crucial component of the
antiterrorist surveillance software being tested at the Defense Advanced
Research Project Agency's Information Awareness Office, an office directed
by Vice Adm. John M. Poindexter. ... "With the dramatic change of funding
availability in the high-tech sector, it's become difficult for companies to
turn down the funding opportunities presented by the federal government,"
said Marc Rotenberg, director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center
in Washington. "It does show that some people in the high-tech community,
including some of the founders, are not happy with what's happening." ..."
In the interests of full disclosure, we did work on aspects of that system.
However, my wife (an independent contractor) was upfront with Mr. P. about
her focus of getting people to see things from multiple perspectives and
working towards increasing global compassion. A more general effort she had
helped with even before 9/11 had failed afterwards in convincing the Something-in-Chief that an activity like invading Iraq would be a really bad idea, with the resulting waste of the lives of thousands of idealistic
young US Americans (and tens of thousands of US injured, many severely), let
alone hundreds of thousands of Iraqi fatalities and injuries and millions of
refugees), as well as trillions of US dollars in costs by the time it is
over (an expense which causes its own suffering to the people of the USA).
As I understand it, some official people wanted to get some information into
that Lyme-addled mind of his about geopolitical reality using better
presentation methods. The rest is my speculation based on later events. :-(
   I wish now I had taken her work even more seriously back then. By the way,
Mr. ex-appointed-President, you might wish to read this book I've found
helpful myself:
  "Healing Lyme: Natural Healing And Prevention of Lyme Borreliosis And Its
Coinfections "
(It's an approach that relies mostly on Chinese-style herbs, as the standard
medical treatments often don't work, perhaps because Lyme was possibly
weaponized at Plum Island to be more awful?) I can only think (maybe in
error) that such sensemaking and presentation ideas and technologies as were
developed on that project (of which surveillance was only part) might have
been of some small value in the fortunate prevention of follow-on US
invasions into Iran and Syria which, depending on what sort of stuff those
two countries keep in their refrigerators
(presumably with better success than the US had on Plum Island with its own
   such invasions might in the worst case have led to another depopulation of
North America, same as four hundred years ago. :-(
   Which shows the potential value sometimes in seeing things from other
people's points of view, or better yet, working towards mutual security among peers.
Mitch Kapor made his decision. We made (or drifted into) ours. Whether it is
easy to know who was right (even both, or neither) can be a tough call. It's
also not always clear who is the real troublemakers in one of these
situations. Or the real patriots. Or who are just the people trying to
survive and muddle through in a mysterious and often confusing universe that
appears to be unimaginably old and unimaginably big and yet still somehow
seems to fit inside a human skull. :-)
People sent a letter to President Johnson about this sort of stuff in 1964,
so it's not like it is anything new, even if that letter is no doubt long
forgotten by most:
   "The statement identified three revolutions underway in the world: the
cybernation revolution of increasing automation; the weaponry revolution of
mutually assured destruction; and the human rights revolution. It discussed
primarily the cybernation revolution."
   "The Weaponry Revolution: New forms of weaponry have been developed which
cannot win wars but which can obliterate civilization. We are recognizing
only now that the great weapons have eliminated war as a method for
resolving international conflicts. The ever-present threat of total
destruction is tempered by the knowledge of the final futility of war. The
need of a ?warless world? is generally recognized, though achieving it will
be a long and frustrating process."
The Triple Revolution memorandum in three sentences above explains why the
USA's current defense policy of unilateral dominance is ultimately suicidal.
Instead, we get this machismo:
   WASHINGTON, June 2, 2000 ? "Full-spectrum dominance" is the key term in
"Joint Vision 2020," the blueprint DoD will follow in the future. ...
Full-spectrum dominance means the ability of U.S. forces, operating alone or
with allies, to defeat any adversary and control any situation across the
range of military operations.
Yeah right, this from a military still bogged down in the deserts and cities
of Iraq years later after a supposed "mission accomplished", where Iraq as a
country was not much of a threat or much of an oppositional force. These are
the people who get (with interest on previous expenses and future incurred
obligations) about a trillion dollars a year of US tax dollars? This is the
best strategy US military planners can come up with to protect the US people
from post-scarcity weapons like nukes, biowarfare, killer robots, and
information warfare in a very complex world facing economic collapse?
This is the best defense against the downsides of vast changes going on now?
Antagonize and threaten the heck out of the rest of the world to the point
where most people globally think the USA is the biggest threat to world
peace? And now, indirectly threaten to shut down peer-to-peer networks that might help build bridges across the globe?
Well, what else could they do with a commander-in-chief who said stuff like
   "Bush: 'Bring on' attackers of U.S. troops"
   Besides impeachment?
(Ignoring this is doctrine originating from the Clinton/Gore years. Or that we have a different president now.)
Here is a better military strategy based on keeping relations between peers going indefinitely:
   "James P. Carse, Religious War In Light of the Infinite Game, SALT talk"
   Or, from Morton Deutsch, a focus on mutual security among peers:
   "Beyond Intractability: Morton Deutsch"
"Q: You're starting to see the analogy to international conflict, or
intractable conflict on a larger scale?
A: Yes. Well, I wrote a paper about preventing World War III. That was
during the height of the cold war, I think I wrote it in 1982, it was called
"The Presidential Address to the International Society to Political
Psychology." And there I took the relationship between the United States and
the Soviet Union and characterized it as a malignant relationship, which had
some of the characteristics that I was talking about with the couple. It was
right for both the United States and the Soviet Union to think that the
other was hostile, would undo it, would damage it, you know, all of these
things. The relationship was a malignant one. They had to become aware of
the malignancy, and the only way out really was recognizing that it's
hurting, recognizing that there is a potential better way of relating. And
that better way of relating involves having a sense that one can only have
security if there's mutual security. And that's true in most relationships.
That's particularly true to recognize groups that have had bitter strife
where they've hurt each other. They have to deal with the problem of how to
get to where they can live together. It may be ethnic groups within a given
nation or community. They can only live together if they recognize that
their own security is going to be dependent on the other person's security.
So each person, each side, each group has to be interested in the welfare of
the other. On a national level it has to deal with military and other
economic security. At the group level and personal level, it often has to do
with psychological security. It has to do with someone recognizing, I
shouldn't be treating the other in an undignified, disrespectful way. So in
an interpersonal relationship, that kind of security, recognizing that not
only are you entitled to it, so is the other person entitled to it. And if
you don't give that other person that entitlement the relationship is going
to move in the other direction, back to bitter conflict."
Or even from the book Disciplined Minds, on how individuals can help promote a better balance of meshwork-and-hierarchy among peers:
   "Review of Jeff Schmidt's Disciplined Minds: A Critical Look at Salaried
Professionals and the Soul-Battering System that Shapes their Lives"
   Finally, Schmidt describes what is involved in being a radical professional:
identifying primarily as a radical, having a critical perspective on the
profession and institution, and doing things that make a difference, by
connecting to opposition groups and working on the inside. For most
teachers, then, doing things that make a difference would mean working in
radical ways within a mainstream school. Schmidt gives a list of 33
suggestions for radical professionals working in establishment institutions,
such as helping on politically progressive projects during working hours,
exposing the organization?s flaws to outsiders, and taking collective action
to maintain the dignity of individuals. These are all eminently practical
suggestions. Schmidt does not present a grand plan to transform professions
or society. Rather, his suggestions, like his analysis, are grounded in
day-to-day realities. That is what makes Disciplined Minds a really
subversive book, much more so than other books that may seem more radical in
theoretical terms but lack a tight connection to practice. How far to pursue
any subversive step is a matter of judgment, and here Schmidt cannot provide
much guidance since so much depends on an individual?s circumstances,
opportunities, understanding, skills and alternatives. It is usually safer
to be an activist about distant issues than confront the local power
structure. Is this a cop-out? Going too far means risking one?s job and
possibly the opportunity to pursue further change, but treading too softly
is a prescription for gradually becoming a defender of the status quo.
Schmidt encourages us to err on the side of action for change.
And of course, IMHO, the biggest creative challenge is ideally to find a
path that both fulfills your hierarchically assigned task in a respectful
way while at the same time moves towards some larger goal of mutual security
and global abundance in an open and upfront way that the hierarchy has no
significant justifiable reason to confront or impede, as you help restore a
balance to the world. I'm proud that my wife found such a path for a time under difficult conditions, as fraught with ethical dilemmas as it has been:
The trickster is anybody who's a bit of an outsider. They're the ones who
make change. They're not thinking about making change; they're almost doing
it in a selfish way. But because they're working outside the rules, they
change the rules. Everything around them is always new, everything is an
opportunity. It's important to honor mischief-making, in a constructive and
creative way, because that's how we effect change. And it's so important
that we figure out our inner mischief maker. That's the creative part of us.
And everybody's capable of it.
Yes, what I'm saying is that most US Americans may already owe their lives
to the result of a project involving peer-to-peer technology. And maybe even
to an all-too-clever person who organized it and who had previously been
convicted of multiple felonies (for IMHO apparently justifiable reasons):
   It must have been obvious from the start that GW Bush was clueless.
Politics makes strange bedfellows and combined actions can often have
unintended consequences. :-) Even this one.
   "Where does the phrase "politics makes strange bedfellows" come from?"
   Not that all this is anything I'd be able to prove myself, or even can be
100% certain of as it is a complex chain of events involving lots of people
and some degree of uncertainty as regards the capabilities of secretive
countries, as well as the fact that more ordinary explanations might help
explain stopping at Iraq. And I saw it all from a distance. But it does sound strange enough to be plausible, right? :-)
But beyond peer-to-peer tools used directly in acknowledged conventional
national security situations, if peer-to-peer tools are used to develop an
alternative and more intrinsically secure infrastructure for the USA and the
world, one supporting mutual security and global prosperity, the overall
security benefits due to peer-to-peer may be enormous. That sort of idea of
developing an intrinsically secure and sustainable infrastructure for global
abundance is what I would like to use peer-to-peer systems for. So, one
needs to balance the benefits of peer-to-peer against the risks.
Everyone wants security. We often just define it differently using different
assumptions. For example, I believe that it is foolish to spend vast amounts
per year extrinsically defending the Persian Gulf oil fields (where much of
"our" oil in the USA comes from) when just a few years of such expenses
could insulate enough homes in the USA and upgrade enough cars to
intrinsically reduce the need to import any of that oil at all. I am
(personally) concerned about energy security, but looking at it from a
different perspective, based on Amory and Hunter Lovins' ideas
   "Brittle Power: Energy Strategy for National Security is a 1982 book by
Amory B. Lovins and L. Hunter Lovins, prepared originally as a Pentagon
study, and re-released in 2001 following the September 11 attacks. The book
argues that domestic energy infrastructure is very vulnerable to disruption,
by accident or malice, often even more so than imported oil. According to
the authors, a resilient energy system is feasible, costs less, works
better, is favoured in the market, but is rejected by U.S. policy. In the
preface to the 2001 edition, Lovins explains that these themes are still
very current."
So, sometimes peer-to-peer efforts can take the security high ground. :-)
And that's exactly the sort of soft energy paths that Amory and Hunter
Lovins recommended the USA adopt thirty years ago. Unfortunately, that
advice was not followed quickly enough, although now many are listening to it.
And of course, email is essentially peer-to-peer. And almost everyone uses
that. :-)
As Michel has said elsewhere, peer-to-peer is more about a relationship
between people than whether there is a server somewhere in the middle.
   "Michel Bauwens Explains Peer-to-Peer"
   Google Wave is peer-to-peer in that sense too. As is Wikipedia too, in a sense.
Little Big Planet is a somewhat peer-to-peer application in that sense --
with the motto, "Play, Create, Share".
   "In January 2009, Sony announced that the game had sold 611,000 units in
North America up to the end of December 2008 and that there were 1.3 million
unique users playing LittleBigPlanet."
Still, the rest of the world may not see it that way yet. By the phrasing of
the meeting title, this does seem like something of a witch hunt.
One can also talk about p2p risks to your own personal security. :-(
While I believe this is a bad law, intentionally violating copyrights is now
a felony in the USA. :-(
   And there are other types of content that are also illegal in the USA.
   Personally, I would not run a peer-to-peer content hosting system like
LimeWire or similar things where I was not reasonably sure of what content
it was hosting, or where I was not sure where it was taking any content from
on my own system, or where the source code or traffic was not inspectable,
or where the collective content was not vetted by an active community
process, or where I did not have time and energy to supervise it. So, I
don't run one. :-) Still, that does not mean whether I think such systems
are legal or not; I'm just being extra cautious, and I don't see any
significant personal value for me to take on any risk in that area. Others
might make that decision differently for legitimate reasons.
That's why I personally prefer a workgroup model of peer-to-peer instead of
supporting sort of anonymous network for arbitrary content cached locally
like much software called peer-to-peer file sharing tools. A workgroup model
system is what I am working towards with the Pointrel Social Semantic
Desktop, where people would decide who is in a workgroup and what content
was worked on in a workgroup (similar to a mailing list in that sense).
   I have considered (in theory) a possible way to use Gnutella and similar
file sharing networks as one of many backends for coordinating shared
content (currently all the implemented ones are central server based in some
way or just involve copying files from a shared drive). But having such a
backend is not a priority for me to implement or use myself. Down the road,
that might change if there was some big value there, but it is so hard to
get anything going well, it's not an area I want to explore right now given
extra controversy and risk.
Anyway, I became interested in this model in part because of concerns about
the types of designs people might put in a related system I wanted to do
called OSCOMAK, related to free and open source physical technology. That
project has had a trial Halo Semantic MediaWiki website (without too much
   It took a lot of time to deal with spammers to it too, and I just keep it up
now for archival purposes without allowing more changes. I also don't want
to host designs I don't approve of (most likely advanced weapons or various
controversial biotech things). That does not mean others might not want to
host various designs, of course based on different values or evaluations of
risk (for example, explosives are used in mining, but I'm not interested in
worrying about them and all the security implications). Again, it's so hard
to get any content together, and I don't want to get bogged down in
controversies about military or dual-use products or other issues from the
start. I'd rather focus on the low hanging non-controversial fruit of
straightforward helpful technology (if there is any such thing in the end?
Tea cosies, perhaps? :-)
"Beware of the tea cosy... it could put you in hospital - Scotsman.com News"
Though even a workgroup has its sinister sounding side depending on how
people decide to share their workgroup results or how open they make
invitations to workgroups. One term there is "darknet":
   "A darknet refers to any type of closed, private group of people
communicating; however, since 2002, the term has evolved to more
specifically refer to file sharing networks in general, whether that network
is private or (without respect to the legality of such) readily accessible
to the public. The phrase "the darknet" is used to refer collectively to all
covert communication networks."
Most corporate communication systems could be considered "darknets" in that
sense to an extent (as in, the public can't join in the network or access
most of the content). And lots of web applications are like that, even
private Google Groups or private Yahoo Groups. Yes, I know often people want
to use that term to mean something about the network or encryption more than
the accessibility of the content, but it's kind of like seeing the peer
aspect more than the transport or server aspect as defining peer-to-peer.
Although friend-to-friend is also another way of looking at this.
I would not expect any data transmitted over public networks, even encrypted
data, to be secure in the long term. Much stuff is undoubtedly archived, and
quantum computing could in theory easily break any current crypto anyone is
likely to really use. As I've said elsewhere,
I think activists should make their plans and conduct their lives under the
assumption the intelligence agencies are watching everything they do. I'm
not saying that is the actual case; I'm just saying it is the safest
assumption, and I doubt much is gained of practical value assuming otherwise
anyway (and some of value might even be lost, a chance to change opinions of
the watchers). See:
   "Social Movements and Strategic Nonviolence"
   I'm sure people can make arguments for these other systems with anonymous
content broadly distributed, but it is not a space I personally want to be
in. I'd rather see places like Wikipedia or ibiblio or Wikileaks with
significant legal backup dealing with these issues of free speech or
defending marginal content. Getting entangled in one of those issues early
on is probably just a project hinderance as far as worry and divided attention.
Likewise, one can also make arguments for principled civil disobedience with
regard to infringing on copyrighted material or software patents (including
by using peer-to-peer networks or tools), but that is not on my own priority
list, given there is so much one can do within the law. The most popular
content people want to share (mainstream music, movies) really ideally
should be replaced with peer produced content IMHO, as it often reflects a
certain set of values and world view. Fair use for parody or commentary or
maybe even mixups may be a different issue than sharing commercially
produced copyrighted works as-is, but at least in the USA, some of that may
be legal. A different issue is the archiving or sharing of copyrighted
material that is decades old and has had its copyright period extended by
legal changes after its creation, given that you would think copyrights
should be shorter in the fast-moving internet age than the twenty years or
so common in the age of steamships and the pony express; but it might take
another Supreme Court case to decide the legality of those laws under that
test (Lawrence Lessig flubbed the last one). Likewise, materials developed
in part using taxpayer or charitable funds might be in a different category
too, given that the public has already paid for them in some way (another
Supreme Court case?). I'm not recommending infringing on any copyrights; I'm
just suggesting these different situations all might be thought about
differently as one thinks about how the laws should change to better reflect
peer-oriented values, or in contemplating which laws might in theory be more
worthy of principled civil disobedience than others for those willing to do
jail time for a felony charge with hopes of changing the law if it is
unconstitutional or significantly against the public interest.
   However, again, I am not encouraging anyone to break the law (and most US
prisons are nasty places to be); I'm just pointing out the issue and how
civil disobedience is one I am not interested in pursuing myself given I
feel there are so many other alternatives one can do within the (bad) law.
If anything, I'd suggest people think long and hard before violating any
copyrights as there is rarely any reason that makes any sense given there
are lots of free alternatives for most things these days -- even music and
video, and if something is not free that you want it, it might be better to
just make a free alternative of some sort and route around the damage of
overly long copyright. Look at what Wikipedia has accomplished. For
reference on this topic:
   "Civil disobedience is the active refusal to obey certain laws, demands and
commands of a government, or of an occupying power, without resorting to
physical violence. It is one of the primary tactics of nonviolent
resistance. In its most nonviolent form (in India, known as ahimsa or
satyagraha) it could be said that it is compassion in the form of respectful
One aspect I'm more interested in about licensing is tagging copyrighted
content in various ways to know if it does not have a free license so it can
be more easily purged from a peer workgroup focusing on free content. That
is sort of like a free software version of DRM for peer-to-peer systems,
looking at non-free content as contaminated stuff you want to get rid of as
soon as possible, or maybe even filter out before it reaches your systems,
as you treat non-free stuff as damage and work around it. :-)
"License management tools: good, bad, or ugly?"
Then you could set things up so your email client (or mailing list) would
only accept emails that came with certain free licenses. :-) So, rather than
use DRM to enforce restrictions on distributing content, you could use it to
prevent accepting content with restrictions on redistribution.
   "An animated short about Trusted Computing."
   One can only fight so many battles at one time, and some of them may not be
worth fighting anyway. Does that make me a fuddy duddy? :-)
      "An old-fashioned, fussy person."
Or maybe just potentially more effective within a small sphere? :-)
   Anyway, I still find the title of the meeting worrisome, of course. I guess
we will find out how much of a democracy remains in the USA. At least most
of the people are still there to protest any change, even if we may never know exactly why. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-29 11:43:34
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] US/European post-WWII experiences and social safety 
I'd always believed (given two Dutch parents, and having visited the
Netherlands several times) that Western Europe overall having a better
social safety net than the USA (more health benefits, more social payments,
more free education, more public institutions, etc. in general) was somehow
due to Western Europeans being smarter, more compassionate, more
enlightened, wiser, better educated, having more democratic politics, or
something like that. :-) That feeling has always been a bit at odds with the
idea a lot of poor but ambitious (or desperate) Western Europeans moved to
the USA in the past to get a better life (including my parents) --
especially given historically stricter social hierarchies and less
changeable class definitions in Western Europe. How can they both be true?
Here is an alternative perspective to reconcile that conflict. Perhaps it is
too simplistic, but I'll put it down in electron patterns and see what
people think about it. (Maybe I still have the taste of Brink Lindsey's "The
Age of Abundance" of the Cato Institute in my mind, which I am indirectly
trying to get rebut. :-)
After WWII, around 1945, with the rest of the world's industrial
manufacturing infrastructure in ruins, the mostly-untouched USA was the
dominant economic producer in the globe, with huge export market potential.
Also, no other country able in a position to produce for US internal markets
(beyond supplying raw materials). That was an extremely advantageous
situation for many US workers compared to most other workers in the rest of
the world (then or now). It was a situation that lasted at least into the
1970s in a big way, and aspects of that advantage still remain today (even
with parts of the USA in crisis currently).
So, the USA had a lot of internal demand for workers for market production,
relative to other industrial economies without such advantages. With so much
competition for workers, US companies gave generous benefits and salaries to
many workers due to supply and demand issues. The demand for workers was so
large that it seemed to even make sense for all parents to work and put
their kids in institutionalized daycare and for women to joint the workforce
in huge numbers and leave all other social functions like caring for the
elderly to business concerns. Even deciding how to vote could be given over
to business interests, like newspapers, with workers so busy making good
money. It also made sense to import a lot of workers into the USA
(illegally, if needed). It made sense to let private fortunes build public
resources (whether universities or libraries or copyrights or patents on new
ideas). Despite earlier labor union sentiments from earlier unionization
victories, this increasing jobs-based prosperity resulted in a growing
widespread propertarian-libertarian sentiment across the USA that the free
market provides for most people (if they are able-bodied and not "lazy"),
and private charity would help the rest. And, within the USA, that sentiment
really did made sense for a couple of decades in many ways. That economic
prosperity from 1950-1970 has been the basis for lots of conservative media
and economics ever since as a dominant sentiment in the USA, not just among
the wealthy, but among people who materially benefited from these trends
Obvious to a modern reader, that conservative sentiment ignores long term
issue now obvious like the social effects of child-rearing being
institutionalized, the external costs of an unregulated free market like
pollution, the hidden suffering of the poor, the effects of a neglected and
decaying public infrastructure like railways, the socially corrosive effects
of a military-industrial-schooling-prison complex and a huge rich-poor
divide, the effects on the rest of the world of US industrial-imperial
policies, the implications of advertising persuading voters, and so on.
These are all non-obvious long term problems the USA is now having to
wrestle with, but which were not so obvious in the 1950s.
In contrast with the prosperous post-war USA my parents move to, Western
Europe for decades after WWII had less ability to create good jobs. This was
due to a damaged physical infrastructure in part. But it was also due to the
comparative advantage the USA had to sell stuff cheaper (more paid-for
infrastructure, economies of scale, more military might to keep markets open
and keep supply regions supplying stuff cheaply). Western Europe might have
created jobs, but they did not pay as well, and in general Western European
workers were materially poorer as individuals. (I saw that first hand in a
trip to the Netherlands in the 1970s with smaller cars, smaller houses, and
so on, even as socially people there seemed to have more fun.)
So, within the USA, there appeared to be not much need for most people to
think about unions or social equity, because until at least the 1970s, the
link between having a job and the right to consume worked well enough for
most people in the USA. But, in Western Europe it was a different situation.
Western Europeans were confronted with high quality cheap exports flooding
in from the USA; they were confronted with an inability to create new
markets abroad easily due to a reduced military; they were confronted with
an inability to keep supply colonies by lack of military might; they were
confronted by an obvious wealth disparity with people in the USA; they were
confronted with lingering uncertainty about war and destruction, they were
confronted with new technologies like automation and better design spewing
out of US American private laboratories that were responding to a US labor
shortage. So, out of desperation, Western Europeans demanded of their
governments that what little wealth that there was in Western European
society should be shared more equally, and that some of the wealth should go
into building shared public institutions that would be good communal
investments (getting the most public value for the least dollars compared to
redundant private ownership of books or art or music). And Western Europeans
got it -- whether limits on working hours in France, or socialized medicine
in the UK, or government controls on land speculation in the Netherlands.
Since Western Europe was rebuilding after a terrible war, these ideas got
built into the very infrastructure, both socially (laws, customs, norms) and
physically (museums, libraries, public roadways and railways, affordable
urban housing, parks, and so on). After the 1970s, Western Europe had
started to grow again significantly, and so produced more locally, and so
could once again defend internal markets against US imports, and so could
start dominating external markets and supply regions again, But, oven then,
aspects of this communal social sentiment remained that wealth should be
shared to some degree and invested in public endeavors for broad benefits.
So, while Western Europe has continued to enjoy some more equitable wealth
distribution since the 1970s as well as a social safety net, in the USA real
wages for most workers have remained about the same while the rich get
richer and the social safety net frayed from lack of attention (prison in
the USA becoming the main social safety net). And the US citizens find the
whole thing totally confusing, of course, since nothing inside the USA
seemed to change much economically. Globalization (offshoring US jobs in
manufacturing and services, seen from a purely US worker perspective :-) in
that sense has been happening to the USA for forty years, even as the trend
has accelerated in the last ten with the internet. This may be a great idea
for the rest of the world, but it is tough on US workers who built much of
their prosperity on relative global advantage. So, the US sees stagnant (now
falling) real wages as well as increasing unemployment.
Today, with improved design, increasing automation including robotics and
AI, these trends towards less employment or lower wages will affect the
entire world eventually. It may still takes a decade or two for the rest of
the world to produce locally for pent-up demand though. But unemployment
issues are already leading to riots in places like Greece by educated people
in the 20s, given  people in Western Europe may have higher expectations
about social equity, whereas more US Americans will just sit around
bewildered, since everything worked so well for so long, and workers were
promised a service economy to make up for all the jobs lost in agriculture
and manufacturing. But the world only needs so many local nail salons.
And in the rest of the world, the poor see some local growth, so they expect
that trend to continue, unaware of this equation:
"Paid_Jobs = (Demand - (Stockpiled_Supply - War)) / (Automation *
But even *China* is spending a lot of money working towards artificial brains:
   "The China-Brain Project Building China?s Artificial Brain Using an
Evolved Neural Net Module Approach "
       From that (oversimplified?) history, it would seem Western Europe may
respond very differently than the USA to the crisis of increasing abundance.
I saw that when I had a French roommate in graduate school at Princeton in
the 1980s. We were talking technology and economics, and I asked, what would
happen if one person made a big machine that could produce anything for
really cheap. (I had read an RA Lafferty story "In Our Block" about a
related theme, of a block of a city with visitors who essentially had
nanotech and could print huge metal pipes or cardboard boxes in tiny sheds
as they were being loaded onto the truck, with very cheap prices for
anything you wanted.)
   My French roommate said essentially that the owner of such a machine would
just be taxed, so everyone could buy what was produced. I disagreed from a
US perspective, suggesting the owner letting everyone starve as the economy
crashed seemed more likely to me than. I see now, he was coming at this from
a Western European perspective of recent history he had grown up in -- in
practice, that is what he saw, the huge machinery of a market coming to life
as it rebooted after WWII, and taxes and other social regulations made that
market work for everybody, even given difficulties from US competition.
Ultimately, as long as we have markets and centralized wealth, some sort of
tax (on income or wealth or both) and other social controls is needed to
make such a system producing cheap abundance work for most people. As one
person pointed out recently on Slashdot, why is it that the USA in many ways
had the most general abundance (and hope) when the marginal tax rate on the
highest incomes was 94%?
   But, higher taxes are the opposite of current US sentiment as reflected in
US politics. This is in part a conflict between aspirational millionaire
wannabees versus people's actual interests (as brought up on the p2p list by
me recently, using terminology from Michel's reply).
Still, even if the USA gets a better social safety net or a basic income,
the more abundance people have, the more they can use that abundance to do
local manufacturing outside the market with 3D printers, local gardens, and
so on. So in the long term, we will see even more upheavals even with high
taxes and a basic income or health-care-for-all in the USA (which seems to
be going down in flames again).
Naturally, politics, economics, demographics, and history are more complex
than this. I'm just seeing how much explanatory power and predictive power I
can get from this one theme of different responses to post-WWII situations
of the USA vs. Western Europe. :-)
Is this the kind of thing that is obvious to a Western European but has
taken decades for a US American to see? :-)
Still, this may well not fit all the facts, so people can feel free to
disagree with citing unemployment figures and so on (although it is hard to
judge just from unemployment figures aspects about wages or the nature of
the workplace). There were certainly other compounding issues -- a lot of
young men dead, especially in Europe, which meant more jobs per capita for
everyone else, lower expectations for jobs and living conditions in Europe
after the war, and so on. There are historical issues too, like in the
Netherlands about religion and capitalism going back centuries that I am
ignoring. Those facts and many others would complicate thinking about
European unemployment figures (which are surprisingly low at some times).
After a burst of rebuilding, Europeans struggled more with unemployment at
various times, but got it under control, even if it is going up again.
Clearly, European unemployment generally was brought down in the 1960s.
Still, I'd suggest that, had European women moved into the full-time
workforce in huge numbers like in the USA (most Dutch women don't work
full-time when they have young kids), and had there been lots of immigration
like in the USA, and had working hours not been limited like in France, then
European unemployment would have soared much higher. European unemployment
was contained, but only by social controls (or norms, like parents taking
care of their own kids) that were different than in the USA. So, different
economies can be hard to compare, especially, when, as in the case of
Western Europe, there has been social pushback to the worst aspects of them.
Maybe my essay here should be extended to be more about social forces
affecting unemployment (even when unemployment number are low)? For example,
in the USA, everyone being expected to go to college has helped keep
unemployment lower (creating jobs for professors and keeping people out of
the labor pool). In theory, cradle-to-grave schooling could absorb any
amount of excess workers (a trend we see all too much of in the USA
already). So, at some point, we need to talk more about living conditions
than about unemployment figures. Or, to quote John Taylor Gatto who often
talks about how schooling is interwoven with economic assumptions:
   "Under all its disguises, that is what institutional schooling is, an
abstraction which has escaped its handlers. Nobody can reform it. First you
have to realize that human values are the stuff of madness to a system; in
systems-logic the schools we have are already the schools the system needs;
the only way they could be much improved is to have kids eat, sleep, live,
and die there."
Even the collapse of the Soviet Union, in the face of pressure by a USA with
all those relative advantages in the global market, takes on a new twist,
leading to questions like, if the USA lasted a bit longer than the USSR,
does that really prove anything about economics or the sustainability of a
market approach that relies on captive markets and captive supply regions?
In general, what I am suggesting is that most of mainstream economics one
hears about in the papers is about a very special case, the situation of the
first few decades of a global economy rebooting after a huge war, as seen
from the perspective of the main untouched industrialized survivor of a
global conflict. And so, when the rest of the world looks to mainstream
economists for advice (as opposed to, say, looking to advocates of peer
economies or gift economies or a basic income in a market-economy), the
mainstream economic advice is going to be a very rough fit. EF Schumacher
saw an aspect of this in the 1970s with Small is Beautiful. Aspects of
mainstream economics will be true (since the market can produce wealth,
ignoring external costs and long term erosion of natural capital) but other
aspects of the market, like how the wealth gets distributed, are likely to
be very wrong (even if they worked OK sometimes like in post-WWII USA).
Essentially, pointing to strong growth in 1950-1970 in the USA as an example
of mainstream markets working well (as Brink Lindsey does), and suggesting
how everything before or since then anywhere else in the world is a special
case, or the consequence of bad policy interfering with markets, is a weak
theoretical position. :-)
One might call that last statement a strawman argument, of course, given
mainstream economics has more nuance than that (and Brink Lindsey does not
talk much about the rest of history or the globe, he just ignores that). I'm
sure that statement is too broad.
But, I'd still suggest, that small historical window of the USA 1950-1970 is
at the core of celebrating markets in the modern age, especially as other
countries have tried to emulate the USA's success in that period by those
same methods and failed (given much of the reason the USA succeeded was
relative advantage). They have found it difficult to make much economic
progress at all without all the sorts of social controls. These are the
social controls that many people in the USA decry because, based on
historical experience in the USA, such controls appeared to be not needed
for a time and can have specific negative effects on the functioning of
markets (limiting productivity sometimes, even as most people might be
better off because they get a bigger share of a smaller pie). That time
period is, I'd suggest, an experience at the heart of the US Conservative
movement -- that if only we could get the USA socially back to the 1950s,
everything would be good again (for white males with jobs). But I'd suggest,
with increasing automation and better design, with the internet making more
effective peer production and a gift economy, things will never be the same
as the 1950s again (short of another global war, which would likely be much
worse than WWII given the power of post-scarcity weapons these days).
So, while all countries can learn from each other, the USA may do better to
look at other countries for models of dealing with abundance and
unemployment than other countries may do looking to duplicate the USA's
recent history. And in any case, advancing technology changes the landscape
for everyone.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-29 12:00:57
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A slashdot post on Bill Gates that struck a nerve 
That's sensible advice. :-)
For reference, I included the moderations below, showing the moderation going up, and then the millionare wannabee conservatives striking back, and then the peer network responding. So, there was some positive response too, and moderation back up (my main comment went up to the maximum of five, then down to about zero, then back to two).
The slashdot moderation system is supposed to be used to highlight interesting ideas, or to hide spam etc., and people who disagree are supposed to respond, not use the moderation system to hide ideas they disagree with (which is called "moderator abuse").
One meta-comment by another person:
  Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall! (Score:2)
by MrKaos (858439) on Tuesday July 28,  ( Journal
This is the most blatant example of moderator abuse I have seen on slashdot, every comment modded a troll. puuulease. It looks like the signs that Benjamin Franklin were talking about are happening right here and trite now, how glib. This sort of abuse illustrates that freedom of speech will be sacrificed to maintain the status quo. Dissent will not be tolerated and there will be enough 'Useful idiot's' out there to help crush that dissent. What a ironic example of how freedom is an illusion. You are free to comply, you are free to agree. If anyone is wondering what life was like just before Hitler came to power now you know. So buy more, STFU and die, that is all that is required of you.
Ultimately, the peer system responded to the problem in a positive way.
Anyway, I can agree it is better to build up than tear down (Bucky Fuller said something similar). Alternative institutions are the future and, like new saplings, they will grow more when the old institutions wither and fall of their own problems. Though falling trees often take down others with them or fall or people or buildings, which is why professional tree surgeons are in demand to take down old trees in a safe way. :-)
--Paul Fernhout
A user has moderated your comment "Interesting" (+1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Interesting (2).
A user has moderated your comment "Interesting" (+1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Interesting (3).
A user has moderated your comment "Overrated" (-1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Interesting (2).
A user has moderated your comment "Interesting" (+1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Interesting (3).
A user has moderated your comment "Interesting" (+1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Interesting (4).
A user has moderated your comment "Informative" (+1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Informative (2).
A user has moderated your comment "Insightful" (+1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Interesting (5).
A user has moderated your comment "Informative" (+1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Informative (3).
A user has moderated your comment "Informative" (+1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Informative (4).
A user has moderated your comment "Overrated" (-1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Interesting (4).
A user has moderated your comment "Troll" (-1).
     Re:What you don't get...
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Troll (0).
A user has moderated your comment "Interesting" (+1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Interesting (5).
A user has moderated your comment "Insightful" (+1).
     Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall!
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Insightful (2).
A user has moderated your comment "Troll" (-1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Interesting (4).
A user has moderated your comment "Redundant" (-1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Interesting (3).
A user has moderated your comment "Redundant" (-1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Informative (3).
A user has moderated your comment "Troll" (-1).
     Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall!
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Troll (0).
A user has moderated your comment "Troll" (-1).
     Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall!
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Troll (1).
A user has moderated your comment "Redundant" (-1).
     Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall!
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Redundant (0).
A user has moderated your comment "Troll" (-1).
     Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall!
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Troll (0).
A user has moderated your comment "Troll" (-1).
     Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall!
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Troll (0).
A user has moderated your comment "Troll" (-1).
     Re:What you don't get...
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Troll (0).
A user has moderated your comment "Insightful" (+1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Informative (4).
A user has moderated your comment "Overrated" (-1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Interesting (2).
A user has moderated your comment "Overrated" (-1).
     Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall!
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Troll (0).
A user has moderated your comment "Overrated" (-1).
     Re:Bill Gates wrote to me for money in 1976
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Interesting (1).
A user has moderated your comment "Overrated" (-1).
     Re:What you don't get...
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Troll (-1).
A user has moderated your comment "Overrated" (-1).
     Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall!
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Troll (-1).
A user has moderated your comment "Insightful" (+1).
     Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall!
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Troll (0).
A user has moderated your comment "Insightful" (+1).
     Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall!
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Insightful (1).
A user has moderated your comment "Insightful" (+1).
     Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall!
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Insightful (1).
A user has moderated your comment "Insightful" (+1).
     Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall!
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Insightful (1).
A user has moderated your comment "Insightful" (+1).
     Re:financial obesity? illness? What gall!
     Attached to:
     Bill Gates Remembers 1979
     It is currently scored Insightful (1).

@_date: 2009-07-29 13:47:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] US/European post-WWII experiences and social 
As I think more about this one point, I can wonder if maybe we should all just give in gracefully to this trend and focus on reforming schools on the assumption that they *will* be where most people will spend most of their lives in the future? :-) It seems that to date, I have alway heard most people (not homeschoolers or unschoolers or freeschoolers though) describe the number of people in school in a society with great pride, rather than derision. Maybe that pride is what could be built on to build better schools on the assumption, like "The Hotel California" or "The Village", you could never really leave such places?
"The Three Boxes of Life and How to Get Out of Them: An Introduction to Life/Work Planning" by Richard N. Bolles"
So, essentially, is the future is everyone living on college campuses, with great dorms, lots of fun activities, and so on, with robots instead of low-paid immigrant workers to clean up after them and do the cooking?
And our cities and rural areas will then just become more and more college-like over time?
So, I'll add that to a list of alternatives that transcend market failure:
* peer production as a gift economy or building up a shared commons,
* home production for subsistence (with 3D printing, gardening, frugality),
* a guaranteed basic income spent in conventional markets,
* war to start the whole thing over, and
* cradle-to-grave college campus life with endlessly deferred college loans.
So, that does suggest that people working at universities or attending them should stop talking about the "real world", and should just start assuming school *is* the real world, and what happens outside of school is the anomaly. :-)
Which still might explain my own remaining yearnings for life around a nice college campus, walking to everything, having lots of good conversations, using the campus library and cafeterias, and so on, not giving a care to who owns patents or copyrights produced there or where the funding comes from or how much money it costs anyone to attend or how much they owe down the road. Essentially, such an idyllic college campus, when it worked well, might look like a prettified abundant USSR as described in its own propaganda. :-) And with any totalitarian aspects whitewashed away, with true academic freedom instead of "Disciplined Minds".
So, that idea links back to suggestions I made about a "post-scarcity Princeton", essentially giving everyone indefinately the opportunity to be faculty/staff/students at Princeton-like place:
   "Post-Scarcity Princeton, or, Reading between the lines of PAW for prospective Princeton students, or, the Health Risks of Heart Disease "
   Anyway, no doubt our real future will be a mix of all five of these things in some way.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-29 18:25:09
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] It's The Economic Paradigm, Stupid! | OurFuture.org 
"It's The Economic Paradigm, Stupid!"
   The economy is terrible. There aren't enough jobs. Most of the jobs that are still there are not paying enough for people to keep up, and people are afraid they could lose them tomorrow. So we all have too much debt. We have too little health care. We have too much stress. And in the bigger picture we have too little power to do anything about it. ...
   In a June interview on the Lehrer News Hour, Treasury Secretary Geithner said that they are doing what they need to do to "get growth back on track."
   Back on track? Does he mean we will fish out the remaining fish? Cut the rest of the trees? Drain the rest of the aquifers? Take the tops off the rest of the mountains? Does he mean that we will run up the rest of the credit cards? Will we cover the rest of the land with even bigger houses and subdivisions and strip malls? Will we export all the rest of the jobs? Will we hand the rest of the nation's income and wealth over to an elite few?
   I don't think they are going to get things back "on track" by applying more of the same "solutions" that got us to where we are today. Will they bail out more companies, making them even too bigger to fail? None of the fixes will work if the problem is that we have reached the limits of sustainability of the economic model we have been following for decades.
   So what can we do to change the system itself?  How do we restructure the model - the economic paradigm - in ways that let We, The People enjoy and share the benefits of our economy? There are a number of clues that I will be writing about in my work with Campaign for America's Future.
   Maybe we can follow the clues and find answers. ...
   When a company replaces a worker with a machine, the company pockets the wages that would have gone to the worker and the worker is discarded. But now we are learning that eventually enough workers are discarded that there is no one to purchase what those workers replaced by machines were making. So the company and the economy lose, too. This just doesn't work. ...
cited here:
"Mike Elk: GE Promotes Manufacturing Jobs in US, Then Ships 'em Overseas"
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-30 01:33:08
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] US/European post-WWII experiences and social 
Wow, thanks for all the great insights. It's hard to make intelligent
generalizations about complex societies, and even harder to make them
between complex societies, and if that attempt at such a generalization is
not very useful, or doesn't fit the facts, I'm glad to hear it. As I had
written: "Here is an alternative perspective to reconcile that conflict.
Perhaps it is too simplistic, but I'll put it down in electron patterns and
see what people think about it."
Some minor technical quibbles. Growth rate may not mean anything in absolute
terms as far as a big absolute change if the starting amount was small. You
can have 100% annual growth rate of jobs or wealth, but if you are starting
very low, the absolute amount may be small for a long time. That's not to
disagree with your actual point, assuming the absolute starting point was
   "The Golden Age of Economic Growth in Western Europe, 1950-73"
   Even per capita income can be a misleading indicator of prosperity, if
people are burdened with debts to be repaid, pay high taxes to repay public
debts or rebuild infrastructure, or in general have less possessions due to
personal history (like after a war). But per capita incomes seem pretty
close now (but I'm still not sure about around 1945-1955, when some basic
social demands about wealth sharing might have been strongest):
   "The Intangible Wealth of Nations"
   Also, percentages can also be misleading in absolute terms. The meaning of
Belgium's 70% of exports in terms of per-capita income depends on the
absolute amount of the exports and the number of people in the country. 70%
of a small amount with a lot of people could still be a very tiny income.
Again, that is not to disagree with your actual point, because the actual
per capita incomes are close enough even back to 1970.
   "Gross national income per capita"
   On your experiences in the USA. The USA is a very diverse place, especially
because of an increasing rich-poor divide. Many US Americans just avoid
those desolate and run down areas you mention, given the ability and the
knowledge. I had a friend in Philadelphia (an architect) who loved that city
(a wonderful city) and had lived there a lifetime, but thought then (late
1980s) it was suddenly getting socially colder (maybe from a growing drug
trade and rising fear). Although one can also ask why the demand for
escapist drugs was growing; I've said elsewhere the USSR put guards at the
border to prevent people escaping while the US puts guards on the medicine
cabinets. You're very right that such scary places exist; maybe we in the
USA have grown used to them. In general, growing up in a suburb of NYC (in a
biased group of ex-NYC residents who fled that city), I am surprised when a
US urban area is *not* poor and run down (though there are many). Still, it
can be hard to assess how functional a community is by the architecture; new
ideas and socially-minded people often need cheap rents. One thing that
surprised me to notice about Long Island is to learn how often in suburban
zones, a very poor area was often right next to a very expensive area like
Wyandanch and Dix Hills (the expensive area presumably drawing labor from
the poor area, as sort of a historic codependance).
With the rise of gated communities, it's clear even the affluent in the USA
are getting more scared of the system they have created and supported;
however, even gates to keep poor people out who are not employees can't stop
internal community dysfunctions. Example:
"The Price of Privilege: How Parental Pressure and Material Advantage Are
Creating a Generation of Disconnected and Unhappy Kids"
"A practicing psychologist in Marin County, Calif., Levine counsels troubled
teens from affluent families, and finds it paradoxical that wealth?which can
open the door to travel and other enriching opportunities?can produce such
depressed, anxious, angry and bored teenagers. After comparing notes with
colleagues, she concluded that consumerism too often substitutes for the
sorts of struggles that produce thoughtful, happy people."
Still, that issue may suggest why people with smaller houses but spending
money in different ways (or even, not spending any money at all) may be
happier. :-) So, I still suspect there is more to happiness in Europe even
with somewhat less material goods than is obvious. More on that book:
There is also widespread "nature deficit disorder" in the USA,
   which is ironic given how much empty rural land there is. My relatives in
the Netherlands is cities may have somewhat more direct contact with nature,
both from nearby nature corridors and from on longer vacations, than some
relatives in US suburbs seem to have.
I'll certainly agree current unemployment figures in the USA are higher than
reported. And personally, I feel for structural reasons (including
automation) that most of those jobs lost are not coming back. People may be
lucky to get the burger jobs you mentioned, which was back when the minimum
wage still meant something. From:
"Flipper the burger robot gets ready to take orders"
"The company's rep was making no bones about Flipper's advantages at the
trade show: "No insurance, no taxes, no training, no holidays, no back-talk,
no-oo problem!" she trilled. "The robot's time has come"."
Anyway, while then anything in relation to Europe I said may be wrong, I'd
still wonder if nostalgia for the 1950-1970 period of lots of economic
growth in the USA is still driving part of the US conservative movement's
ideology today? One thing I'm trying to get at here is to figure out what is
a historic example of what pro-market advocates imagine is a prototypical
example of a market economy performing well for most people in it, and then
to look at whether it is a special case. Anyone have better examples of
times conservatives claim are good decades for markets and broad prosperity?
Thanks again for the informative rebuttal.
By the way, on what your parents did with coal, you might like this
children's book: :-)
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-30 02:37:19
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Origins of welfare states (was Re: US/European 
Just to clarify something, are you saying the main reason Europe has a strong social safety net and more public works than the USA is mostly stronger unions? Where unions are, essentially, assemblages of peers working towards a common goal of social equity, including directing tax funds towards public ends?
There is no mention as to origins of the European Welfare states here:
   Are there any other factors anyone would suggest that made a big difference (in the 1945-1955 period)? Or would one argue a social safety net is more an ideological carryover of the better parts of European feudalism with roots going back hundreds of years, in a way that the USA did not have (given the socialistic natives is the USA were mostly wiped out by plagues and war)?
This suggests roots that were in the 1800s and then the Great Depression:
   Which might suggest if the current economic downturn continues, that there might be change in that direction. It's ironic that welfare states are being dissolved now (due to globalization etc. putting pressure on incomes), just as automation and better design is exponentially reducing the need for human labor, and in that sense the need for welfare states with a basic income is increasing (or some other alternative, a gift economy, local household production, increasing schooling, war, etc. or a mixture, where obviously I'm not advocating the increased schooling or war options).
   "The Attack on the Welfare State"
   Discussion  of the welfare state and the European social model has intensified in the last years. This is of vital importance, not only for European workers and citizens, but also in terms of the role Europe is to play in the world. After World War II, a social contract was established in Europe, founded on four basic values:
   ? the right to work in life-long jobs based on full employment,
   ? the eradication of poverty by granting a minimum income and public assistance to prevent social exclusion;
   ? protection against social risks;
   ? promotion of equality of opportunity supported by public investments in health care, education, transportation, culture, leisure, etc.
   The destruction of this heritage presents new difficulties for all who fight for effective improvements in civil rights or social conditions.
Any struggle to defend and to improve the social security systems in Europe is therefore a real contribution to building a new world social and economic order, with more dignity, justice and humanity.
   The public welfare system, universal and solidary, is under strong attack due to intense capitalist globalisation, transformations in labour conditions and in the international division of labour, global competition and the general social and labour deregulation. The pressure for the ?Minimum State? and ?Minimum Rights? is defining the future of the welfare model. ...
Note that, at least in the USA, there has been a very direct tension between unions and increasing productivity through automation or better design (the now bankrupt GM is a typical example).
In any case, full employment and life-long jobs is totally counter to a post-scarcity world view of a world moving beyond jobs and "work" as it is usually defined. Example:
   "It is now possible to abolish work and replace it, insofar as it serves useful purposes, with a multitude of new kinds of free activities. To abolish work requires going at it from two directions, quantitative and qualitative. On the one hand, on the quantitative side, we have to cut down massively on the amount of work being done. At present most work is useless or worse and we should simply get rid of it. On the other hand -- and I think this is the crux of the matter and the revolutionary new departure -- we have to take what useful work remains and transform it into a pleasing variety of game-like and craft-like pastimes, indistinguishable from other pleasurable pastimes except that they happen to yield useful end-products. Surely that wouldn't make them less enticing to do. Then all the artificial barriers of power and property could come down. Creation could become recreation. And we could all stop being afraid of each other. ..."
But, at the core of the welfare state seems to be a focus on jobs, like from the Wikipedia article above: "Beveridge recommended to the [UK] government that they should find ways of tackling the five giants, being Want, Disease, Ignorance, Squalor and Idleness. He argued to cure these problems, the government should provide adequate income to people, adequate health care, adequate education, adequate housing and adequate employment."
This is also of interest in seeing how a peer economy of any sort fits in to a welfare state:
      There are two ways of organizing a welfare state:
   According to the first model the state is primarily concerned with directing the resources to ?the people most in need?. This requires a tight bureaucratic control over the people concerned, with a maximum of interference in their lives to establish who are "in need" and minimize cheating. The unintended result is that there is a sharp divide between the receivers and the producers of social welfare, between "us" and "them", the producers tending to dismiss the whole idea of social welfare because they will not receive anything of it. This model is dominant in the US.
   According to the second model the state distributes welfare with as little bureaucratic interference as possible, to all people who fulfill easily established criteria (e.g. having children, receiving medical treatment, etc). This requires high taxing, of which almost everything is channeled back to the taxpayers with minimum expenses for bureaucratic personnel. The intended ? and also largely achieved ? result is that there will be a broad support for the system since most people will receive at least something. This model was constructed by the Scandinavian ministers Karl Kristian Steincke and Gustav M?ller in the 30s and is dominant in (Although others suggest more distinctions of types of states.)
So, that difference may be better in explaining why there is not much support for a welfare state in the USA but much more support in Europe?
Of course, then there is the question of why there is that difference?
Anyway, I should say one reason I'm interested in this is that, beyond the basic income aspects for survival in a world with less jobs but still dominated by a market economy, it would seem that as state with better welfare benefits would indirectly make possible more alternative peer production as gifts to a commons (Linux came from the Finnish welfare state, for example -- where in the USA, Linus would have been working two jobs to pay for college). In the USA, without universal health coverage, not participating in the mainstream labor market (with a job at a solid company with good health benefits) also makes participating in peer alternatives much physically riskier. This book on "How to survive without a salary" was written by a Canadian, not a US American:
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-30 13:28:40
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: meeting on p2p risks to national sec 
Thanks, I'll think on that. A wiki page might make sense to if it is an ongoing growing theme.
By the way, another example of computer communications (p2p-ish email) and security going wrong:
   "IT: McAfee Leaks Conference Attendees' Personal Info"
"In the cruelest of ironies, e-mail security vendor McAfee has accidentally coughed up the personal details of some 1400 attendees of its recent security conference in Sydney, Australia. Those who were sent the list ? attached as a spreadsheet to a thank you e-mail ? are far from pleased that such an extraordinary thing could happen. McAfee, which sells products to 'stop sensitive and protected data from leaving the enterprise through email and web traffic' has blamed 'human error' for the blunder and is 'taking steps to ensure it doesn't happen again.' Doh!""
So, that is just a general risk of computer technologies, that is not so fair to pin on just one implementation or one approach or even one set of Also, if there are vendors of such security software, again it may be unfair to then pick on one implementation or one approach where groups don't use safeguards they could use.
Still, is McAfee's corporate offering just essentially automated censorship software in a corporate guise? So McAfee's software is scary in that sense. That kind of technology (deep packet inspection?) could be applied to more broadly censor internet traffic.
And it is ironic how McAfee's own breach of trust will probably drive an increase in its corporate censorship business through increased publicity of the issue.
I still see it as a race between the potential of the internet to bring abundance to all and the potential of the internet to bring police state terrorism to all (like in Orwell's 1984, where the two way TV seemed impossible in 1948 around when it was written, but now seems all too real with Carnivore, Echelon, TIA, and endless other surveillance systems by various governments and corporations -- including McAFee's offering to monitor and suspend outgoing email for arbitrary content reasons). If people spend most of their time within schools or corporations that employ such censorship and monitoring, does it really matter what the government does?
One advantage to writing such a document as you suggest, "p2p for national security", is to set the nature and tone of the debate by how the issue is Right now, the debate is being framed by that hearing title and attendees list that p2p is only good for leaking military secrets and stealing property; that is not true (because of the implicit "only"), but still has a bit of truth to it because, yes, even McAfee can leak secure information about security professionals using p2p email. That's probably not a framing of the debate p2p can win, since all it takes in one or two examples where it happened (like McAfee) to prove it could happen again, and so p2p is "dangerous" without justification (ignoring all the good uses of it, including to reduce network bottlenecks or build social ties). Note I used "only" there and how it was *implicitly* part of the framing. If you are explicit about "only" then the argument looses its unconscious force, since it is obviously falsifiable (like productive uses of email).
Framing the debate as, "How does p2p promote national security?" is thus more likely to be a debate that increases support for p2p. But, that is the sort of framing you won't see from people who use terms like "intellectual property", or who sell censorship firewalls, or who want national security to be defined in terms of contracts for weapons their company produces under heavy secrecy.
So, it is up to p2p advocates to reframe that debate. I'd suggest p2p advocates not shy away from the "security" aspect of p2p, because security is an important part of daily life. The key is that we can interpret security in a lot of different ways and approach security with a lot of different strategies (like building in intrinsic security in our infrastructure or achieving mutual security in our politics). So, at the core of such a position paper could be productive uses of p2p towards those two ends of intrinsic security and mutual security.
It is a tougher call how much one wants to focus on p2p's past use for more outdated arms-race promoting things in such a document. It is true that email or other p2p technologies are used by the military to escalate arms races (like developing new generations of killer robots or nuclear weapons), but that may not be something to encourage. I mean, it is an easy argument to make (and has been made) and would justify all sorts of new p2p investments (and has in the past, even to creating the internet), but it may not be where p2p advocates also interested in other social change aspects want to focus attention.
There is a central irony in the 21st century that our future is most at risk from people using post-scarcity technologies like p2p networks to achieve scarcity-oriented aims (like unilateral military dominance or corporate monopolies built around artificial scarcity of medicines). The challenge IMHO of national security (and global security) in the 21st century is to get the people who routinely work with post-scarcity technologies (robotics, AI, biotech, nuclear, nanotech, bureaucracy, internet, etc.) to see this irony of using the technologies of abundance to create artificial scarcity. If we can get more people to laugh about this irony, then more people might work for a paradigm shift that is then reflected in our social and physical We need to make that change given our advancing technology both for security reasons and for others (ethics, practicality, elegance, beauty, and so on). So, we need to bring back together our need for security (whether military or economic) with a need for other virtues, rather than pursue a "TINA" (There is No Alternative to an arms race) approach to security. A TINA approach based on competitive arms races separates security from all those other virtues. TINA says we have no choice but to play a finite game, whereas we always have a choice to play an infinite game (even if we may indeed lose it).
   But statistically, we see much more certain as a society to lose a finite TINA arms race, sooner or later, either from systemic collapse as we are seeing now across the global economy (with the USA just taking a bit longer to fall than the USSR) or from some accidental Armageddon, like depicted in Dr. Strangelove as well as lots of other movies (Terminator, Twelve Monkeys, A global minshift towards intrinsic security and mutual security is really needed IMHO in militaries across the globe and needs to be reflected in their doctrines and equipment and the research they fund.
"DARPA Progam Manager Position on Self-Replicating technology"
"Brittle Power"
But this is not *just* a mindshift needed within military hierarchies. It also needs to be a mindshift within the peer networks that military hierarchies sometimes worry about. As long as many peers see peer-to-peer as something to "steal property" or "defeat security", then peer activities may be self defeating and stealing their own potential, both in antagonizing the hierarchy, and also in limiting how peers see their own powers. As Stallman says, it is self-defeating to be terms like "intellectual property" that beg the question of how copyrights and patents should be treated. And a focus on using peer-to-peer to exchange copyrighted corporately-created works diminishes a peer's time and desire to play, create, and share new works to reflect the stories and songs we all need for a new paradigm based around intrinsic security and mutual security.
So, both hierarchy-heavy and meshwork-heavy social groups needs to be part of this global mindshift towards redefining our national security needs and how we achieve them:
   "A Wombat speaks on the need for a Global Mindshift"
   Or, even the Conservative Right: :-)
   If Marxism is the delusion that one can run society purely on altruism and collectivism, then libertarianism is the mirror-image delusion that one can run it purely on selfishness and individualism. Society in fact requires both individualism and collectivism, both selfishness and altruism, to function. ... The most fundamental problem with libertarianism is very simple: freedom, though a good thing, is simply not the only good thing in life. Simple physical security, which even a prisoner can possess, is not freedom, but one cannot live without it. Prosperity is connected to freedom, in that it makes us free to consume, but it is not the same thing, in that one can be rich but as unfree as a Victorian tycoon?s wife. A family is in fact one of the least free things imaginable, as the emotional satisfactions of it derive from relations that we are either born into without choice or, once they are chosen, entail obligations that we cannot walk away from with ease or justice. But security, prosperity, and family are in fact the bulk of happiness for most real people and the principal issues that concern There are four themes there (security, prosperity, family, freedom). But that conservative article left out the notion of community, which is frequently left out of economic analysis even as it is essential to becoming and being a health human being. So, building better ties between friends and neighbors and global communities is obviously another aspect of this.
So, one really needs to make the p2p case (appropriately framed) in all five areas, advocating creating some living balance of security, prosperity, family, community, and freedom. Ideally, one might propose some new synthesis (like intrinsic security and mutual security) and perhaps some specific new software tools or other ideas and technologies for using peer-to-peer to achieve a lot of all of those values at the same time with less compromises.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-30 15:54:04
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: meeting on p2p risks to national sec 
More in the news on this:
   "P2P Network Exposes Obama's Safehouse Location"
   "The location of the safe house used in times of emergency for the First Family was leaked on a LimeWire file-sharing network recently, a fact revealed today to members of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Along with the safe house location, the LimeWire networks also disclosed presidential motorcade routes, as well as sensitive but unclassified document that listed details on every nuclear facility in the country. Now lawmakers are considering a bill to ban P2P use on government, contractor networks."
Although here is one posters comment on why this sounds to them like BS made up for a company to profit by monitoring for p2p apps:
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-30 17:13:40
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: meeting on p2p risks to national sec 
More from the article:
   Pointing to the examples offered by Boback, Towns said that the
file-sharing industry's promises to regulate itself had clearly failed.
"Specific examples of recent LimeWire leaks range from appalling to
shocking," Towns said. "As far as I am concerned, the days of
self-regulation should be over for the file-sharing industry."
   Other members want the issue investigated by the Federal Trade Commission,
the Securities and Exchange Commission and law enforcement authorities. They
said that the continued failure by companies such as LimeWire to take more
proactive steps to stop inadvertent file-sharing is tantamount to enabling
illegal activity resulting from the data leaks.
   Towns plans to meet with the chairman of the FTC to determine whether the
failure to stop inadvertent file-sharing constitutes an unfair trade
practice by P2P companies."
Anyway, the slashdot comments have lots of rebuttals to those points.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-30 18:05:54
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?Slashdot__=7C_Alan_Cox_Quits_As_L?= 
I don't think this situation invalidates a peer production model (including since stigmeric contributions are different than socially organized ones),
   but there certainly are several interesting comments about open source community participation that ring true to me:
"After a stern criticism from Linus, the long-time kernel hacker Alan Cox has decided to walk away as the maintainer of the TTY subsystem of the Linux Kernel, stating '...I've had enough. If you think that problem is easy to fix you fix it. Have fun. I've zapped the tty merge queue so anyone with patches for the tty layer can send them to the new maintainer.'"
One comment poster linked to this topic:
EVER wondered why the pundits who failed to predict the current economic crisis are still being paid for their opinions? It's a consequence of the way human psychology works in a free market, according to a study of how people's self-confidence affects the way others respond to their advice.
The research, by Don Moore of Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, shows that we prefer advice from a confident source, even to the point that we are willing to forgive a poor track record. Moore argues that in competitive situations, this can drive those offering advice to increasingly exaggerate how sure they are. And it spells bad news for scientists who try to be honest about gaps in their knowledge.
Another linked to this:
   "The Dunning-Kruger effect is an example of cognitive bias in which "...people reach erroneous conclusions and make unfortunate choices but their incompetence robs them of the metacognitive ability to realize it". They therefore suffer an illusory superiority, rating their own ability as above average. This leads to a perverse result where people with less competence will rate their ability more highly than people with relatively more competence. It also explains why competence may weaken the projection of confidence because competent individuals falsely assume others are of equivalent understanding. "Thus, the miscalibration of the incompetent stems from an error about the self, whereas the miscalibration of the highly competent stems from an error about others.""
That's certainly something my wife and I have seen a lot of in business contexts. :-) When you try to be careful or conservative in your estimates, people often go for the confident sounding people who say it all will be easy and straightforward, or that key phases (like testing) can be omitted. Then, down the road, to save face, no one can admit anything and people just keep pouring money into a problem situation. No doubt that also explains some of the Iraq war fiasco too (the general who said it would take a lot of resources was sidelined and replaced with confident sounding people who said things would be a "cakewalk").
With that said, even the best managers can underestimate something badly, and sometimes things are much easier than you thought they would be. Or people good in one area of knowledge may make a big mistake about another area (e.g. the history of Europe post-WWII. :-)
Anyway, this situation brings up some fundamental issues that peer production has to wrestle with on a daily basis, though the same issues come up in hierarchical business production too.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-07-31 03:13:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
Sounds *dystopian* to me. :-)
I feel it is a false choice that we either do things the way we are now, or are forced to change to some lower level of technology.
Just what already exist as off-the-shelf technology, like Nanosolar's printed PV panels, could give us an amazing infrastructure, because energy is at the heart of so many issues about sustainability. And there are so many other possible energy alternatives from biofuels to wind power to even, someday, fusion energy. Nanosolar type technology by itself alone is likely scalable to supply all our power needs.
   The only issue is how soon we do that or something similar. People are naturally a little hesitant in seeing how well stuff works in practice before they scale up. Plus, there are so many things in the pipeline, even when you see a good technology, sometimes you wait to see if something even better will work out (given we have centuries of fossil fuels like coal). And then, there are the inevitable bottlenecks and SNAFUs and so on that need to get dealt with.
Global climate change, while real, is possible to deal with by engineering and migration. It may be expensive, and a lot of people may not want to move, but we have a huge industrial base to deal with it, like building artificial islands, or building new cities in the Russian heartland, and so on. For example, the global defense budget (more than a trillion dollars a year) is enough money at $10K per person to build new (small) homes for 100 million people every year. In ten years, that a billion new homes. Clearly, the resources are there to solve this problem. The USA literally could print several trillion dollars of fiat currency tomorrow to relocate hundreds of millions of people into nice new homes or floating islands over the next decade, and the USA economy and US workers would be better off for building them (maybe inspired by Bucky Fuller's Dymaxion house design but with newer materials? :-).
   And that is even without limiting carbon emissions.
Resources naturally substitute in a market. The market may not distribute wealth well, but it certainly can create it and substitute for it (as long as external costs are controlled).
   There are huge problems we face, but the global world product is about US$60 trillion a year, which is a lot of money to do a lot of things. The real limits are skilled labor, tools, raw materials, and energy, of course, but we really, truly, still have vast amounts of all of that, and could easily have more if we stopped wasting so much on various things (like school, intended to keep people out of the labor force, or tobacco, or lots of other junk). The issue is all about the control system, as well as containing pollution, not the raw materials. Now, we may not be able to resolve those social conflicts, but social conflicts are not really technical limits, even as better technology may make some social conflicts easier to solve (like if we just sucked carbon out of the air with some new technology -- I just read about something like that the other day).
For me, the only variable is do we have Armageddon before we transform to an amazing economy, with Armageddon perhaps driven either by accident or intentionally in brinksmanship by the old guard using post-scarcity technologies as weapons to prop up their artificial scarcity world view.
Unfortunately, your sentiment contributes to the old guard's justifications. :-(
That's not to say much of our society in general might not *choose* a simpler infrastructure, including one with less obvious technology using less obvious energy day-to-day. Ursula K. Le Guin describes such a civilazation in "Always Coming Home". But, short of a major war, "powering down" will be a choice, not a necessity, IMHO.
--Paul Fernhout
More on abundance here:

@_date: 2009-07-31 12:29:21
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Terrafoam and schooling and peer networks (was Re: 
============================== START ==============================
Sadly, that's pretty much what we already have. :-(
Here is a somewhat extreme inside-out view of education in the USA from a
peer-to-peer perspective. :-)
It essentially develops the parallels between school and prison, and shows
suggests a peer-based economy needs a different educational system altogether.
It's meant to be shocking, and so maybe goes too far in some ways (there are
a lot of caring people in schools and most parents are tremendously well
meaning in thinking school success will give their child a happy life).
And it is probably too depressing, really, if you really think about what
this means as far as kids getting psychologically harmed even now by the
hundreds of millions globally every day. The mind recoils from the horror of
this interpretation, the same as most doctor's minds did when hearing the
insane suggestion of Ignaz Semmelweis that doctors wash their hands after
cutting up corpses so they would not be killing 10% of their patients. The
only reasonable thing to do with Semmelweis was to lock him up in a mental
On 6/28/09 I had posted an essay about Marshall Brain's Robotic Nation where
   I mentioned in passing the notion of schools as like Terrafoam. This essay
takes that one idea and builds on it. While this essay builds on Marshall
Brain's writing, and links it to his own choices about schooling, it's not
meant specifically to criticize Marshall Brain in a big way (he's in good
company with 98% of US Americans), so much as to give him a broader
perspective on these topics if he should ever read it or write more on the
topic. (I BCC'd him.) It may well be too late for Marshall Brain's children
to benefit much from alternative education or homeschooling, since as John
Taylor Gatto suggests it is the first few years of compulsory education that
do the most damage, and generally it takes about a year for each year in
school to detoxify from it. Some homeschoolers do decide to do mainstream
high school, even as high school is a different experience for a
homeschooler because they know they could leave if they wanted to. So, while
I use Marshall Brain as an example in parallel with his writings, it's
understandable if he and his family make a choice for continuing public
school now that his kids are enmeshed in it on the basis it well be best for
his family at this point. These are very difficult choices to make.
Here is a section of an essay by John Taylor Gatto about schools:
   "The Seven Lesson Schoolteacher" by John Taylor Gatto
      The second lesson I teach is your class position.  I teach that
you must stay in class where you belong.  I don't know who decides that
my kids belong there but that's not my business.  The children are
numbered so that if any get away they can be returned to the right
class.  Over the years the variety of ways children are numbered has
increased dramatically, until it is hard to see the human being plainly
under the burden of numbers he carries.  Numbering children is a big and
very profitable business, though what the strategy is designed to
accomplish is elusive.  I don't even know why parents would allow it to
be done to their kid without a fight.
   In any case, again, that's not my business.  My job is to make
them like it, being locked in together with children who bear numbers
like their own.  Or at the least endure it like good sports.  If I do my
job well, the kids can't even imagine themselves somewhere else because
I've shown how to envy and fear the better classes and how to have
contempt for the dumb classes.  Under this efficient discipline the
class mostly polices itself into good marching order.  That's the real
lesson of any rigged competition like school.  You come to know your
   In spite of the overall class blueprint which assume that 99
percent of the kids are in their class to stay, I nevertheless make a
public effort to exhort children to higher levels of test success,
hinting at eventual transfer from the lower class as a reward.  I
frequently insinuate that the day will come when an employer will hire
them on the basis of test scores and grades, even though my own
experience is that employers are rightly indifferent to such things.  I
never lie outright, but I've come to see that truth and schoolteaching
are, at bottom, incompatible just as Socrates said they were thousands
of years ago.  The lesson of numbered classes is that everyone has a
proper place in they pyramid and that there is no way out of your class
except by number magic.  Until that happens you must stay where you are
Compare that with Marshall Brains' description of life in Terrafoam:
   "Manna"
      The building we exited was another one of the terrafoam projects.
Terrafoam was a super-low-cost building material, and all of the welfare
dorms were made out of it. They took a clay-like mud, aerated it into a
thick foam, formed it into large panels and fired it like a brick with a
mobile furnace. It was cheap and it allowed them to erect large buildings
quickly. The robots had put up the building next to ours in a week. ...
   Was it prison? Yes. But there were no walls. The food was good. The
robots were as nice and respectful as they could be. You could walk outside
wherever and whenever you wanted to. But there was an invisible edge. When
you walked too far away from your building and approached that edge, two
robots would approach you. I had tried it many times.
   "Time to turn around Jacob Lewis105. There is construction in the next
zone and, for your safety, we cannot allow you to proceed." There were a
hundred reasons the robots gave for making you turn around. Construction,
blasting, contamination, flash flooding, train derailments, possible thunder
storms, animal migrations and so on. They could be quite creative in their
reasons. It was all part of their politeness. If you turned around you were
fine. If you made any move in any direction other than the one suggested,
you were immediately injected and woke up back in your room. I had only
tried it twice.
See also:
   "Truancy is any intentional unauthorized absence from compulsory schooling.
The term typically describes absences caused by students of their own free
will, and usually does not refer to legitimate "excused" absences, such as
ones related to medical conditions."
So, according to schools, "free will" is the enemy. It is illegal for
children to have free will about compulsory school attendance, something
that is not a trivial amount of time, but essentially often claims about
fifteen of their most energetic years (between pre-K and some college). That
makes compulsory schools essentially the same as day prisons, or much the
same in several ways as Marshall Brain's dystopian Terrafoam dorms.
And so is it any surprise many of the same construction firms build both
schools and prisons?
Here is Gatto on this correspondence of schools and prisons. There is a lot
there that applies to peer-to-peer issues too. That essay is
not specifically religious, though someone posted the only good copy I could
find on a religiously named site (sorry):
   "SOME REFLECTIONS ON THE EQUIVALENCIES BETWEEN FORCED SCHOOLING AND PRISON"
      ... In a dreamlike state in the Howard Johnson's motel in Norwich, New
York I heard that the first way to recognize a cult was that it "keeps its
victims unaware." 'Why, that's just what institutional schools do,' I said
to myself; I've spent the last 10 years of my life traveling a million and a
half miles to bear witness to that universal crime of forced schooling I had
been a party to over a 30-year public school teaching career.
  And, the television intoned in order, a cult controls its victims' time
and environment (by this time I was sitting up with pen and pad taking
notes), creates fear and dependency, suppresses old customs, instills new
beliefs, and allows no criticism. "But, but," I heard my conscience
sputtering, "that's the perfect formula for a government school." School was
structured to be an expression of cult discipline! School was a cult, not
unlike the murder cult Princess Grace ended her days on earth a member of,
or the legendary Thuggee in British India which worshipped Kali, the Destroyer!
   Prison, as we have evolved it following British and Hindu models, seeks
to impose the same discipline on its serious recruits, breaking them to an
understanding of their own profound worthlessness. It should be no secret to
anyone reading this that in America, the land of the free, more people are
imprisoned, by far, than in any nation past or present, including Communist
China or Stalin's Soviet Union. Prison in America is a booming business,
incarcerating about five times the percentage of our population who were
jailed in the middle of the Great Depression. Some fiendish spirit is loose
in our land whose bleak heart can only be plumbed by seeing the
correspondences among cults, prisons, and schools. ...
   Almost all Americans have had an intense school experience which occupied
their entire youth, an experience during which they were drilled thoroughly
in the culture and economy of the well-schooled greater society, in which
individuals have been rendered helpless to do much of anything except watch
television or punch buttons on a keypad.
   Before you begin to blame the childish for being that way and join the
chorus of those defending the general imprisonment of adults and the
schooling by force of children because there isn't any other way to handle
the mob, you want to at least consider the possibility that we've been
trained in childishness and helplessness for a reason. And that reason is
that helpless people are easy to manage. Helpless people can be counted upon
to act as their own jailers because they are so inadequate to complex
reality they are afraid of new experience. They're like animals whose
spirits have been broken. Helpless people take orders well, they don't have
minds of their own, they are predictable, they won't surprise corporations
or governments with resistance to the newest product craze, the newest
genetic patent -- or by armed revolution. Helpless people can be counted on
to despise independent citizens and hence they act as a fifth column in
opposition to social change in the direction of personal sovereignty.
   From a managerial standpoint, people addicted to defining their lives by
the stuff they buy, or by pats on the head, comprise a managerial utopia. In
prison, or school, the way to this condition, this safe condition, is
prepared by a drill in the extension of small privileges and honors, or the
withholding of same, by punishments and rewards externally imposed until the
inner ability of the human spirit to punish or reward itself --and hence by
free of tutelage -- is destroyed or suppressed. The animal trainers in
service to the rich and powerful through history - not B.F. Skinner or the
behaviorists - created this form of training. ...
   Corporate culture has become a resonator of low-level fearfulness to such
an extent that we gladly throw huge numbers of our fellow human beings in
jail, just as we abandon our children to penal institutionalization in
schools; the constant presentation of prison as our salvation, or school as
the essential trainer of children, makes us all prisoners. It corrupts our
inner life, it divides us from one another so that relationships lifelong
are thin and shallow. School teaches us to divorce one another, to put aside
loyalty for advantage, to quell our inner voices, subordinating them to
   School and prison do the work that Rome's first emperor, Julius Cesear,
said was necessary to manage a conquered population. In order to keep the
conquered conquered, you have to keep them divided. School classrooms do
that job more gently than prison cells, but they do it more effectively.  ...
   But is it now too strong to be overthrown?
   I don't think so, but the road away from it will be long and difficult.
There is no mechanism in existence through which its antithesis can be
mobilized except the individual family, the particular family, the unique
family. Associations of families which waste their time in wholesale
opposition to the thing are doomed, I believe, to disappointment. We will
not see this power rolled back in our lifetimes.
   Yet saying this is a far cry from throwing up one's hands in despair.
Rust doesn't organize to bring down a powerful building nor do termites
organize to collapse a house. ...
Gatto seems not to be familiar with "stigmergy" that organizes termites through the artifacts they build, like Wikipedia. :-)
   That is also why his timeframe may be off. Change may come sooner.
This is not to say anything against education (as opposed to schooling) or
even educators as individuals even if they work in schools. This is not to
say tutorials are not needed, or that face-to-face learning in small groups
is not useful, or even that lecturing is not often mind-expanding. This is
not to say kids do not need guidance or adult involvement in their lives or
to be around other kids. This is instead to talk about the school form
inside which those activities sometimes happen, even as those activities can
happen outside of the school form too.
The sadly ironic thing is that, as brilliant and insightful and
compassionate as Marshall Brain is, he (along with most other parents in the
USA) has essentially terrafoamed his own kids, ultimately either for his own
convenience or out of ignorance or out of desperation, and he probably still
does not even realize what he has done, still thinking a Terrafoam building
labeled "school" run by robots is the best place for his kids. :-( He is
like 98% of US parents in that regard. What he has done is legal and, in
general, something his peers would praise him for (living in a "good" school
district, etc.). To do otherwise than pursue mainstream schooling would meet
with tremendous resistance, and also be at odds with his own personal
background of being heavily schooled. And it's not like the buildings were
labeled "Terrafoam" -- they were labeled something else, as something most
US Americans have been conditioned to accept without question, as "school",
that term used to describe a bunch of similar fishes.
Still, he has written on homeschooling a couple years ago, and so is aware
of at least that alternative possibility:
   "How does homeschooling work?"
         His family may well have had good reasons for making any tradeoffs in life
that it did; I don't want to judge him a bad person for doing the best he
could under the difficult circumstances a parent faces in the USA, even a
relatively affluent one. Still, it seems ironic. And so I am sad for him and
his family. Still, that could just as easily have been me years ago, so
again, I do not want to judge him as a person. It is very, very hard to
throw off the mental shackles of schooling. If I am making a point, that is
mostly what it is -- that even the smartest and most compassionate person
can get taken in by a racket, same as, say, Bernie Madoff's investors.
   "Madoff Investor Fraud Hits Non-Profits Hard"
   And this person taken in by the system even now has created an alternative
to formal education with his howstuffworks web site and blog. So, doubly
ironic depending on what he knew when.
And, there are things one can do to cushion against the worst blows of
school, so, his family may well do them; it seems so from what Marshall
posts on his blog. One book with some suggestions:
   "Guerrilla Learning: How to Give Your Kids a Real Education With or
Without School" by Grace Llewellyn, Amy Silver
"Llewellyn, a lecturer on the subject of home schooling and author of the
classic Teenage Liberation Handbook, and Silver, who teaches parenting
workshops, have come together to write this how-to book for parents who want
to become more involved in their children's education whether through home
schooling or by supplementing traditional instruction. The authors offer
five fundamental principles opportunity, timing, freedom, interest, and
support that, they claim, will transform the way we relate to our children
and greatly assist them in growing up to be joyful, passionate creators.
Useful for parents and teachers alike, this valuable book closely examines
how young people learn and illuminates its practical advice with many
stories that make for both insightful and enjoyable reading. Whatever
schooling venue parents choose, this book will help them instill a lifelong
love of learning in their children."
But remember, we as a society are spending vast sums of money to create an
institution that parents must then struggle against, as if parenting was not
hard enough already.
As Kevin Carson suggested, someone essentially put a big sign over the
Terrafoam buildings that said "school". All the robots there said living in
Terrafoam is for a kid's own good -- and why would they lie? Any property
owner sure pays a lot of money already every year in property taxes for the
Terrafoam schools and the robots, so, it all must be good for something for
families and the kids, right? I mean, it's not like the State would create
big buildings surrounded by fences unless it was for the good of the
inmates, right? And it sure is convenient, so Marshall Brain can run
companies and blog about things and so on, while his kids are locked up
somewhere "safe" where they are supposed to be being nurtured by caring
robots. He has important work to do, and There Is No Alternative (TINA),
right? Even homeschooling means one parent may have to make a "sacrifice" if
they had other plans for creative works, and unhappy parents may not make
the best educators or guides. So, there are reasons people don't pursue
alternatives in relation to their expectations, even when alternatives are
   And certainly in Marshall Brain's situation, even in the worst case, given
he is building an alternative informal science and technology educational
system for the world on the web with "How Stuff Works", it might have been a
heart breaking decision to sacrifice his own children on the altar of
schooling to have that time to help save the world. Just like Abraham went
to sacrifice his child Isaac in the Christian Bible after being commanded by
a God to do so for the public good.
   Let's hope a metaphorical Angel showed up in their lives first. :-)
And any private schools operates essentially the same way as public schools,
teaching the same seven lessons Gatto decries, with pretty much the same
outcomes. So it is not like there is much of a difference between a "good"
public school and a "good" private school. And why would there be nearly
identical private schools if public schools were not good ideas? So, each
justifies the other, whichever you pick.
One-on-one tutoring done centuries ago must have been replaced because it
was obsolete, right? Home education must be stupid if so few people do it,
right? And it is not like kids could teach themselves by doing stuff on
their own once they know how to read, right? And we all survived schooling,
and look how well we turned out and what a great job we are doing electing
good leaders and running the economy and avoiding wars, right? Surely, with
all that money spent on schools of a certain form, the entire schooling
infrastructure must be there for a good reason?
But who has forty hours to read John Taylor Gatto's online book?
   "The Underground History of American Education"
   (Which has some errors and spin, true, same as this essay.) Let alone who
has time for hundreds or thousands of hours reading other stuff about
schooling? Starting with the How Stuff Works site?
   Because kids experience so much more in an hour than adults, I suggest that
locking kids up in schools (public or private) from around age four to
twenty-one (with some college) in the USA is essentially like putting them
in Terrafoam for more than half of their waking conscious lives. It's true
that most kids get to visit their parents home to spend nights and weekends
in front of corporate advertising on the TV. But is that time in their
parent's home in front of a TV really much different than life inside
Terrafoam? Marshall Brain's Terrafoam dorms had TV too. Essentially,
considering that time differential for kids, most of the conscious time of
most US Americans is already spent in Terrafoam, even not including time
spent at work as as adult. So, Marshall Brain was not really writing about a
dystopian future -- he was, perhaps unwittingly, writing about our
*present*. And it is a present where we have sacrificed our children,
forcing them to sit in one place for many hours a day, in order to have an
"efficient" economy to produce a wonderful world for them when they graduate
out of Terrafoam someday, someday soon, like, really, never...
Because the rest of our society is becoming more and more like Terrafoam
every day. Still, there is the one green shoot of a plant that WALL-E found.
There is always hope, like with the internet being more a liberator than
another Terrafoam prison:
   "Hope Dies Last: Keeping the Faith in Difficult Times" by Studs Terkel
   No doubt Marshall Brain's kids have a better time than most when they get to
temporarily leave the terrafoam dorms to visit their parent's house on
nights and weekends or on those temporary furlows called "vacations".
Although even then, "homework" keeps the scent of terrafoam about the
children, always reminding the children that they belong to the State, and
that they must eventually return to their true home of the terrafoam dorms,
where they will live most of their conscious lives alongside other inmates
marked with similar numbers, supervised by robots constructed by the State.
      Although it is true that the State still uses human parts to construct the
robots that run the Terrafoam dorms, given robots are not quite fast enough
to keep up with the children yet,
   should any human-derived robot demonstrate any residual humanity and deviate
from State programming, if detected, that robot will be sent for repair. And
if not repairable, that robot will be replaced. Occasionally some robots
break out of their programming and remain undetected for a time, as with
John Taylor Gatto, but that is rare. Sometimes a few broken robots work
together to liberate a few children, but that is even rarer, as there might
be good rewards for turning in the other broken robots (like continuing to
be able to eat). In WALL-E, you can see robots teaching the young kids.
Compulsory schooling is the law (that's what compulsory means). People
resisted it at first in Boston around 1850, and men with guns were brought
in to force parents to give up their children to the State. Maybe it was
even good for some kids, compared to a youth of forced labor on a farm.
That's just the way it was. Some people fought legally to get homeschooling
as an option. But realistically, most families can't live today on just one
income without huge lifestyle changes (often involving moving to a poor
area). And there is so little left of community life in the USA that it can
be hard to bring together a healthy experience for kids, at least until a
couple years go by and social networks slowly build with other
homeschoolers. So much of that is peer-to-peer family-to-family links, not
family-to-institution links. And family-to-family links take a lot of time
to build in dysfunctional communities ravaged by generations of schooling
and now two-income families, especially with families so mobile these days
chasing after diminishing job prospects.
Maybe school *was* a good sounding idea back around 1850 when that
particular form of social control was refined in Prussia and leading to
military victories. But back then, doctors also thought it was a good idea
not to wash their hands after cutting up cadavers before they delivered
babies, too:
   The First Clinic had an average maternal mortality rate due to puerperal
fever of about 10% (actual rates fluctuated wildly) ... Semmelweis described
desperate women begging on their knees not to be admitted to the First
Clinic. Some women even preferred to give birth in the streets, pretending
to have given sudden birth en route to the hospital (a practice known as
street births), which meant they would still qualify for the child care
benefits without having been admitted to the clinic. Semmelweis was puzzled
that puerperal fever was rare amongst women giving street births. "To me, it
appeared logical that patients who experienced street births would become
ill at least as frequently as those who delivered in the clinic. [...] What
protected those who delivered outside the clinic from these destructive
unknown endemic influences?" ... The germ theory of disease had not yet been
developed at the time. Thus, Semmelweis concluded that some unknown
"cadaverous material" caused childbed fever. He instituted a policy of using
a solution of chlorinated lime for washing hands between autopsy work and
the examination of patients and the mortality rate dropped ten-fold,
comparable to the Second Clinic's. The mortality rate in April 1847 was 18.3
percent, handwashing was instituted mid-May, the rates in June were 2.2
percent, July 1.2 percent, August 1.9 percent and, for the first time since
the introduction of anatomical orientation, the death rate was zero in two
months in the year following this discovery. ... Semmelweis' observations
went against all established scientific medical opinion of the time. As a
result, his ideas were rejected by the medical community. Other more subtle
factors may also have played a role. Some doctors, for instance, were
offended at the suggestion that they should wash their hands; they felt that
their social status as gentlemen was inconsistent with the idea that their
hands could be unclean. ... Semmelweis had now achieved dramatic successes
at three obstetrical facilities ? even so, his ideas continued to be
ridiculed and rejected both in Vienna and in Pest-Buda. ... It has been
contended that Semmelweis could have had an even greater impact if he had
managed to communicate his findings more effectively and avoid antagonising
the medical establishment, even given the opposition from entrenched
viewpoints. [Note to self: avoid antagonizing the establishment. :-)] ...
Beginning from 1861 Semmelweis suffered from various nervous complaints. He
suffered from severe depression and became excessively absent minded.
Paintings from 1857 to 1864 show that he aged rapidly. He turned every
conversation to the topic of childbed fever. ... In 1865 J?nos Balassa wrote
a document referring Semmelweis to a mental institution. ... Semmelweis
surmised what was happening and tried to leave. He was severely beaten by
several guards, secured in a straitjacket and confined to a darkened cell.
Apart from the straitjacket, treatments at the mental institution included
dousing with cold water and administering castor oil, a laxative. He died
after two weeks, on 13 August 1865, aged 47, from a gangreneous wound,
possibly inflicted by the beating. ... Yet a legacy is the so-called
Semmelweis reflex or Semmelweis effect. It is a metaphor for a certain type
of human behaviour characterized by reflex-like rejection of new knowledge
because it contradicts entrenched norms, beliefs or paradigms ? named after
Semmelweis whose perfectly reasonable hand-washing suggestions were
ridiculed and rejected by his contemporaries. ...
OK, so the 1850s was around the time when a doctor who suggested other
doctors wash their hands after cutting up corpses (instead of having 10% to
20% of their patients die) was then confined to a mental institution and
essentially beaten to death. Enlightened times? But, that is the time and
approximately the part of the world from which the USA adopted compulsory
   "American educators were fascinated by German educational trends. ... In
1843 Mann traveled to Germany to investigate how the educational process
worked. Upon his return to the United States he lobbied heavily to have the
Prussian model adopted. ..."
Having compulsory schooling today is like a doctor not washing their hands
between patients. By the way, compulsory schooling is good for spreading
diseases like the flu, too, so there is even a physical analogy beyond the
metaphorical one of often causing great harm.
No, the mind recoils from that. This guy is as nutty as Semmelweis, despite
his Navy Science Award, and a Princeton diploma earned the same year as
Michelle Obama's. See, even pointing to his own credentials proves the
importance of the schooling system, right? He undermines his own point.
   "What Makes Mainstream Media Mainstream" by Noam Chomsky
   "The universities, for example, are not independent institutions. There may
be independent people scattered around in them but that is true of the media
as well. And it?s generally true of corporations. It?s true of Fascist
states, for that matter. But the institution itself is parasitic."
School is not killing 10% of the population by spreading general harm; how
could it? It would be shut down instantly, right? Parents would never
tolerate such a thing, right? Or students?
"Education at Gunpoint - Legal Force a Misguided Way of Ending Truancy"
"Students, particularly high school students, who are truant or who drop out
are often voting with their feet. They are saying that school is not
challenging, that they are tired of being made fun of and being bullied,
that they are tired of the cliques, that they are tired of teachers who
favor popular and wealthy students, that they are tired of teachers who
don't seem to care about them ? who exit the building faster than they do at
the end of the day. ...  In a society where people fail to see that the
phrase "compulsory education" is an oxymoron, where high schools look more
and more like minimum-security prisons, we will have to rethink what
education is before we can find truly effective measures to reduce truancy."
Well, what if schooling really is deadly, in a metaphorical way? How much
could a half million US dollars per child do as a basic income annual income
(like social security payments from birth) to decrease a child's life long
stress like by giving them and their parents time to learn Yoga? How much
would a half million dollars per child extend children's lives through
research into new medicines or the value of old ones, improving the quality
of medical care globally? How much does the stress of schooling itself (and
a related competitive mindset) contribute to years of lost life in many
children? How much does being turned into a robot shorten a child's life? I
have no specific statistics to prove this correlation (though I could point
to murder or suicide rates), especially since there is no controlled
experiment about the difference between, say, an unschooled kid getting a
half-million dollars when they turn eighteen instead of a high school
diploma. Why is that obvious experiment not done? Well, even if it was, it
would miss the point. Schooling exists precisely because it is so murderous
and wasteful.
Even of those who feed it with charitable dollars later:
   "Post-Scarcity Princeton"
   [In] 1998, Goldman donated $2 million to his alma mater to endow a chair,
becoming the youngest alumnus ever to do so". Though see where that got him
in the end: :-(
          (July 17, 1964 -- December 26, 2003)
So, I'd suggest, in life years, schooling takes at least 10% off the top. It
takes more than 10% of life years just in the time it takes away from
children being in the neighborhood. Schooling is *worse* than doctors not
washing their hands after they dissect corpses and 10% of their patients
die. Schooling is *worse*. And schooling is *designed* to be worse. Because,
if we did not dumb down kids so they could not engage in peer production
easily, if we did not send them to an early grave, if we did not use up a
half-million dollar per child to do this, then our society would have to be
different because of all the abundance we would be drowning in. And, we as a
society are more scared of drowning in an abundance of free time, and an
abundance of high quality medical care, and an abundance of competent
self-directing citizens than we are scared of killing 10% of our children
(in aggregate life years) and maiming the rest. And at this point, the whole
process is such an institution that it is unquestionable, like the could be
no question that a gentleman doctor's hands could ever be unclean or cause
disease. How could all those well fed school administrators and well fed
schooteachers, all having received many years of schooling and lots of
diplomas, and subject to the most stringent background checks looking for
criminal records, possibly harm children? It makes no sense. Just like
handwashing after cutting up corpses made no sense in the 1850s, the years
that gave the USA compulsory education.
Now, maybe those deaths and maimings caused by schooling did make sense even as late as the 1990s, before the spread of the internet. Maybe? But can they possibly make any sense now in the internet age?
   "Why Educational Technology Has Failed Schools"
Contrast what is on the virtual door of a public school in Cary, NC, one
local to Marshall Brain:
   In a global community, Cary High School will educate responsible life-long
learners who:
     * Strive for excellence
     * Think critically
     * Practice democratic ideals
     * Respect themselves and others
with what is at another page linked right beside that statement:
Regular Bell Schedule
  7:20 Warning Bell
Period 	Class 	Lunch
1 	7:25-8:55 	
2 	9:01-10:34 	
3 	11:20-12:52 	10:34-11:14 (lunch)
3 	10:40-11:25 	11:25-12:05 (second)
3 	12:07-12:52 	
3 	10:40-12:12 	12:12-12:52 (lunch)
4 	12:58-2:28 	
Again from New York State Teacher of the Year John Taylor Gatto Semmelweis:
The third lesson I teach kids is indifference.  I teach children not to care
about anything too much, even though they want to make it appear that they
do.  How I do this is very subtle.  I do it by demanding that they become
totally involved in my lessons, jumping up and down in their seats with
anticipation, competing vigorously with each other for my favor.  It's
heartwarming when they do that, it impresses everyone, even me.  When I'm at
my best I plan lessons very carefully in order to produce this show of
enthusiasm.  But when the bell rings I insist that they stop whatever it is
that we've been working on and proceed quickly to the next work station.
They must turn on and off like a light switch.  Nothing important is ever
finished in my class, nor in any other class I know of.  Students never have
a complete experience except on the installment plan. Indeed, the lesson of
the bells is that no work is worth finishing, so why care too deeply about
anything?  Years of bells will condition all but the strongest to a world
that can no longer offer important work to do.  Bells are the secret logic
of schooltime; their argument is inexorable.  Bells destroy the past and
future, converting every interval into a sameness, as an abstract map makes
every living mountain and river the same even though they are not.  Bells
inoculate each undertaking with indifference.
School bells are perhaps the single biggest reason a peer economy or gift
economy is difficult to put together today -- because the first rule of
doing excellent crafts or other good work is you have to intrinsically care
about the task. But this *taught* indifference to the intrinsic rewards of
work actually disables people, and this disability leaves people vulnerable
to a hierarchical system structured around extrinsic rewards. In such a
hierarchical system, kids become like trained seals balancing balls on their
noses while walking on their front flippers with their tails in the air, all
the time being insecure and stressed, always looking for the next fish
stingily doled out by the hierarchical trainer as a reward for doing such an
unnatural act. They are no longer able to swim in the ocean and catch their
own fish, they are so used to using their flippers for walking and their
nose for balancing balls. What was natural has become unnatural; what was
unnatural has become expected. Both for physical and mental health reasons,
it is not good for children to sit in one place indoors day after day, as
Chris Mercola (previously of the Albany Free school) points out here:
   "In Defense of Childhood: Protecting Kids' Inner Wildness"
Naturally, it is *so* hard to break the will of most children, given it is
very hard to teach indifference to a naturally involved and caring human
being like a young child, that places like New York State have to spend
about half a million dollars (including interest) per child to chop down a
kid's inner wildness by the time a kid is eighteen (and even then, the State
often fails). Teaching indifference is a skill that also requires extensive
training of the trainers, because you still want to be able to get some use
out of the child after they have been broken into being like a robot, so you
can't break them either too much that they mentally disintegrate
   or too little that they are still able to rebel:
   You need to break them in just the right way, especially in such a way that
they never move towards solidarity and always see themselves at most as an
isolated prisoner, never part of a peer network resisting indoctrination:
   And if you can't do that, you need to stamp them in such a way (or rather,
withhold a forehead stamp) so that the children are never part of the formal
hierarchy of military-industrial-prison-schooling-media complex:
   "There are all sorts of filtering devices to get rid of people who are a
pain in the neck and think independently. Those of you who have been through
college know that the educational system is very highly geared to rewarding
conformity and obedience; if you don?t do that, you are a troublemaker. So,
it is kind of a filtering device which ends up with people who really
honestly (they aren?t lying) internalize the framework of belief and
attitudes of the surrounding power system in the society."
Still, any society needs a balance of hierarchy and meshwork. It is not bad
that kids learn to function within hierarchies when they need to -- the
issue is more one of balance. Also, unlike in hunter-gatherer societies,
children never get a chance to be part of a larger peer network (peer here
meaning, again, not the same age, but a peer in the sense of a human being
of any age or class or diversity or ability being an equal in some sense).
So children now never have no chance to practice those skills of being an
important part of a varied team or diverse village in a serious way.
Now, if you as a parent need the day care service schools provide (our
society having fallen into a "Two-Income Trap"), but you really want your
kid to learn democracy for real by doing democracy and living democracy, not
just by reading about democracy while inside an authoritarian-run Terrafoam
school, then here is one approach:
   "Democratic education is a complex theory of learning and school governance
in which students and staff in a democratic school participate in a free and
equal school democracy. In such institutions, there is typically shared
decision-making among students and staff on matters concerning living,
working, and learning together."
Of course, one may also suggest that if democracy is a good thing, kids
should live that way whenever feasible, so a democratic school is a good
thing intrinsically, if you are to have schools at all and believe in
democracy. But, kids just being happy doesn't see much of a justification
for anything in this society, otherwise the USA would not be second from
last in happiness of children in industrialized countries.
But unfortunately, in our supposed democracy, democratic schools receive no
state support, and they are rare and generally marginally funded places with
crumbling infrastructures and peeling paint. So they look shabby by contrast
to well maintained authoritarian public Terrafoam schools, especially since
the community of the democratic school is not as obvious as the old paint on
first inspection:
   So, it would be hard for any well-schooled parent to send their kid to an
alternative school that looks rundown. Very hard. There are, of course, a
handful of such democratic schools across the USA, enough to prove the
democratic USA does not actively suppress them.
Even such democratic schools may never be truly democratic. Like Iraq, the
first truly democratic vote would be to eject the oppressors. But, within
that limit, such schools at least can be more democratic than most
mainstream schools.
Whether a school is public or private, it makes little difference. By their
very form, almost none can teach the claimed goals above of excellence,
critical thinking, democracy, or respect for self and others. As Gatto
suggests, it is exactly the point of schools to teach the opposite of all
these things, whatever they claim or even believe themselves, in order to
create standardized products that can then be used as workers or soldiers.
Structurally, you would need more of a peer experience to teach those four
things, with a broad experience across a network of peers of different
abilities and different strengths and weaknesses (and peer as in people of
all ages, not peer as in someone of the same age). Obviously, this does not
mean children don't need some adult supervision and guidance by family,
neighbors, mentors, and so on -- the issue is more what sort of life the
guides are guiding the kid through, a life in Terrafoam or a life in the
vanishing remains of a peer-based society and functional neighborhoods
(which ideally would be rejuvenated, including by the presence of children
on the sidewalks again).
Then, we can dispense with the childcatchers we pay so well in the USA:
   and justify with this sort of rhetoric:
   "School truancy is when a student is absent from school without permission.
Truancy can be a serious problem, especially when children are left alone
with no adult supervision. At worst, truancy can lead to violent crime. At
least, it can lead to an unsuccessful, unproductive life. Read on to learn
how to launch your career as a truant officer."
See, that is the false choice -- suggesting you either confine a child to
prison or they will commit their first violent crime and have to be
imprisoned. That is a very dim view of human nature, neighborhoods and
families. Yet, it is a self justifying view, in part destroying the very
neighborhood fabric it claims to be defending. So, we are left with streets
that are safe because there are no people on them. We have successfully
destroyed the village in order to save it, using compulsory schooling
instead of napalm.
It is questionable to me if one can integrate such learning about those four
things into schools intended for narrow age ranges. And those four things
are just a tiny part of becoming a whole person, to begin with, as their
complements are needed too, stuff like learning when it is OK to be good
enough or even not good enough, learning to think compassionately, learning
to function in a variety of social contexts including transforming
authoritarian regimes like mainstream schools into democracies, and learning
when to disrespect the disrespectful. This might be possible if schools
change to be more intrinsically democratic. They also would need to change
to support "learning on demand" like via the internet instead of "learning
just in case" via a formal curriculum (curriculum literally means a race
track for chariots in Latin).
But nothing about age-based schools can be done in terms of addressing the
central problem of locking kids away from the rest of society, even though
the kids have done nothing wrong except to be guilty of youth. The young
imprisoned in Terrafoam schools miss out on learning from the old, and the
old miss out on the energy and enthusiasm and zest for life and for learning
of the young. An alternative is that public schools might get somewhat
better if they became more like public libraries, where any peer could come
and go as they wished to learn specific skills that they were interested in
learning for their own reasons.
Then the educational aspect would be separated from the terrafoam
imprisonment aspect. If parents needed their children imprisoned while they
worked, like because no one was around otherwise to help guide their
children, and they did not have a  basic income to pay for childcare
assistance, then a separate system could emerge to do just that. Perhaps
this guardian system would bring children to a variety of different
locations during the day, including these public library-like schools. That
is what one can see now at many museums, with kids all wearing the same
color t-shirt go to museums as groups. By separating the educational and
imprisonment aspect of current schooling, at least everyone would know there
were institutions in society devoted to teaching peers, and anyone, even
children, would have access to them if they could slip away from their robot
guards for a moment. :-)
Such an system would at least allow the word "truancy" to fade from use and
become a laughable idea, both that some kid would not spend all the time
they could at school if they wanted to learn something, and also that public
schools would lock their doors or track their visitors or require attendance
any more than public libraries do.
Another alternative to the formalism of terrafoam schools entirely is
   Though even it has its issues and cult-like aspects. Most families need to
find their own balance between structure and disorder. :-)
We have chosen to homeschool. Here is an imaginary conversation with our
school superintendent that I will never have because, frankly, I am afraid
of these people who have so much power over our family. And also, they
likely know enough to never ask.
"Superintendent: Well, this is a fine school, why do you want to homeschool?"
"Me: Well, it sure looks nice. I'd love for it to be a place to visit when
we wanted to, to learn specific things, like a public library."
"So, why not send your child here? We have small class sizes and very caring
"Well, that's all true, but you see, are there any scientific studies that
the hour of nightly homework you assign each child helps their life success?"
"No, but that does not need to be tested; the benefit is obvious, like
handwashing by doctors between patients."
"Well, are there any scientific studies about the value of grading?"
"Oh come now, the value of grading is as obvious as the fact that the Earth
is round. This is nonsense to question it. How could a school function
without grades? We need to know how each child is doing statistically so we
can plot their course through life."
"Well, can you show in any way that a kid who goes through the school system
in New York State is better off with a High School diploma, than getting a
half million dollars when they turn eighteen?"
"A half million dollars? Where did that come from? You think our society has
so much wealth it can just hand a kid a half million dollars when they turn
eighteen? Why, our school budget was voted down just this year and we are on
austerity. Clearly there is not enough to go around. School is the only
thing holding this community together."
"But maybe if every family could just use the school building as a hangout
place when they wanted, then it could be like a community center for everyone?"
"But then how would children learn anything?"
"They'd learn from their parents, from friends, from relatives, from
neighbors, from the community."
"That suggestion would leave children incapable of surviving in modern
society. Do you have any idea how hard it is to teach a child to read or do
basic math?"
"One hundred contact hours with a peer who knows those skills, according to
John Holt, fifty for each, to get up to a level where they improve on their
"That's nonsense, we spend thousands of contact hours to teach those things.
And it takes a trained specialist to do it right in the classroom. Clearly
if you care about your child's life success, you will send them to school
where we can teach them based on the latest scientific standards."
"And do you have any evidence those standards help kids learn important life
lessons is self-motivation, perseverance, self-reliance, courage, dignity,
love, and service to others?"
"Oh, come on, it is obvious you can only learn that kind of stuff by
thousands of hours sitting at a desk in a classroom. That's how I learned them. And just recently our fifth graders raised $100 to give to charity by selling cookies. So, we're teaching all sorts of important stuff, like the importance of money and sugar to a good life."
"Well, do you teach technical literacy in reading blueprints like Lego
plans? Or do you teach botanical literacy like knowing what plants are safe
to eat? Or do you teach social literacy in terms of getting along with all
sorts of people of different ages? Do you teach physical literacy in terms of knowing how much a rock weighs, or how water moves in a sandbox?"
"We don't have time for that kind of stuff. We have to teach kids to pass important standardized tests done with paper and pencil."
"And is their any substantial correlation between standardized test scores and life happiness or lifetime productivity? And is there anyway to prove that schools have much to do with any such correlation if there is one?"
"What a silly question. Of course there is, the value of standardized testing and standardized minds is as obvious as the fact that heavier-than-air aircraft can fly. You would know all this stuff if you had attended a good school. This all makes me question your ability to home educate if you can't see these obvious truths, stuff as obvious as the importance of handwashing, the earth being spherical, and airplanes being able to fly. This is the kind of stuff we teach kids so they don't need to waste time figuring out these issues for themselves, and so they can go on to do more important things in their lives than puzzle for a long time over basic facts or how they were discovered. There are literally thousands of facts we need to teach kids just in case they need to know them when they get a job."
"But do you really think that by the time a pre-schooler of today graduates from college and graduate school in about twenty years, with computers about a million times faster than today, fast enough to do a lot of things humans do and run robots that can do most physical labor, and with the spread of 3D printing that is available even now, that there will even *be* any jobs in any recognizable form, especially ones based on knowing a lot of facts that can be looked up on the internet when one wants to know them?"
"Oh, that's just speculation about faster computers and robots. I don't have time for that. I have to plan for the future of my students as workers and soldiers. It's a lot of work and I don't get the feeling you appreciate it "But even the military is saying how it needs flexible creative minds to solve global security problems. Is it possible to learn to be flexible and creative if you never have a chance to practice those skills?"
"We have lots of creativity here. We had a science fair last year where kids were assigned the task of coming up with a science experiment and making a presentation about it. Sure, a couple kids did not want to do that assignment and wanted to do something else, but we gave them bad grades and they learned an important lesson about how important creativity is. Our best project was a kid who developed a laser mounted to a robot that could be used to blind terrorists and other enemies of the state. That shows a lot of skill. So, I just don't see where you are coming from on this."
"But, you mean, you're giving them rewards for building killer robots? But these kind of weapons would spell doom for all of humanity... And you're also teaching them competition with their peers instead of cooperation..."
"Look, you really just don't understand what goes on in modern schools at all. Our economic system is based on competition, and we get kids to be cooperative enough to fit into a factory workplace. Look, let us have your child for a few years, just to learn the basics, then you can make a more informed decision based on first hand experience of our school system. Sure, it is more money in our budget for every child that we can help, but it is not like it really cost you much of anything directly. And otherwise you'd be missing out on that $20,000 a year we have to spend to help your kid. It's just foolish not to want to take advantage of all the resources here intended to help your child become well adjusted to modern society. And you want your kid to fit in with all the other kids the same age, right? You want your kid well socialized, right?"
And I imagine the conversation would spiral downward from there... :-(
But, maybe not. :-) I have no doubt that as an individual, the superintendent of my local school district is a wonderful person. He's just fallen in with a bad crowd of other caring well meaning people. People like me. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-06-16 09:55:57
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Dual Licensing of Research 
Just to jump in here as a new member, but isn't a major reason for government in most people's conception to do exactly what Austin outlined?
Investors (called citizens) pool their money through "taxes" to do good things for society (in theory). And the results could then be free of patents and copyrights (in theory, and sometimes in practice).
And when such work is funded by the government, and given freely back to all the people, those issues Austin raised on monitoring and enforcement diminish.
What went wrong, at least in the USA, was, among other things, the Bayh-Dole    Which, along with other issues David Goodstein talks about in "the Big Crunch", has led to "The Kept University":
   We now have a situation where universities and other government contractors in the USA can keep as proprietary all the patents and copyrights that results of government paid for research (paid for in whole or in part). Many tens of billions of public US dollars a year in the USA are poured into this research system to produce proprietary results. The same is true in Europe to some degree. Proponents of this say the government and charitable dollars are "extended" by the private dollars thus producing more proprietary research; I see the charitable dollars as "contaminated", and so producing less public research. Proponents claim that ideas won't be developed further without monopolies (the proprietary license in dual licensing Austin proposes), whereas I suggest that peers will never get a chance to build easily on the research results unless they are open.
It seems like peers are trying to remedy a huge failure of government, even while we are already paying lots of taxes supposedly for that function of One way to address this issue is to encourage funders (government, foundations, individuals) to hold the groups they may fund more accountable to a post-scarcity model of abundance for all by sharing research results.
Something I wrote on that: But that is just theorizing and pontificating. How does one take this to the grassroots level? How does one get most people to care about the freedom of the information produced using their tax dollars and other contributions to non-profits working towards larger social goals?
For example, in the USA, about US$70 billion was just allocated supposedly mostly towards green energy:
   Should not the results of that pooled investment be available to all the "investors" (that is, every person in the country or even the globe)? But it won't be under the dominant non-p2p ideology.
As I see it, these charitable and government dollars are already "post-scarcity" dollars (as I see social organization in whatever configuration a post-scarcity technology). But, because of *ideology* these trillions of post-scarcity dollars are every year being turned back into scarcity dollars by things like the Bayh-Dole act or likely these latest funding efforts. I don't know if all European countries have similar policies? I know, for example, Germany often funds proprietary research, like from the history of the MP3 file, which as a proprietary format has created all sorts of issues with developing free audio players under GNU/Linux, but was developed by a German non-profit subsidized organization:
   But how did such an organization come to be? From:
   "After the difficulties of the early years when financial resources were persistently tight, the breakthrough came in the 1970s through institutional funding from the federal and Land governments."
There you have it -- citizens are paying taxes to have their audio files locked up in proprietary formats they then need to pay to legally access. That makes no sense from a p2p perspective. Patents are proprietary (though they do expire in about twenty years). Copyrights for software or documents or artworks effectively never expire.
So, how do we get the general public to pressure governments to open up research results so that other people can more easily build on it?
I understand completely where Austin is coming from, and the desire to raise funds and do good research that is publicly licensed, and I can hope other models like his work as well. That is how a free market is supposed to work

@_date: 2009-06-17 07:38:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: Fwd: Dual Licensing of 
While there are all kinds of assumptions woven throughout your reply related to scarcity economics (vs. post-scarcity economics), I'd just focus on this one use of "generous" as in "generous funding".
Generous has multiple senses of meaning, according to WordNet:
# S: (adj) generous (willing to give and share unstintingly)
   "a generous donation"
# S: (adj) generous (not petty in character and mind)
   "unusually generous in his judgment of people"
# S: (adj) generous (more than adequate)
   "a generous portion"
You are using it in the third sense, meaning a lot of funding.
But you may wish to think about it in the first sense, the most common usage, where generous means a philanthropic willingness to give and share.
I'm always amazed by how many economic terms cloak their meaning in their opposite. For example, a "free" market where nothing is free. "Supply and demand" where demand is not true global demand, only the demand of those with money. And so on... From:
   "Currently a balanced view of linguistic relativity is espoused by most linguists holding that language influences certain kinds of cognitive processes in non trivial ways but that other processes are better seen as subject to universal factors."
Actually, the way you outline "generous", you really could use "stingy" or "miserly" or "greedy" as in someone unwilling to share unless they get a lot back directly.
So, what you are really saying above then, is, possibly rewritten as, "some aspects of this project might need large amounts of *greedy* funding from the beginning and in regular installments thereafter".
We should just be clear what we are talking about here, a vision of a society founded on greed. And then, you can ask yourself, if you are looking for greedy people, where do they hang out and what do they invest in? They may well be looking for fast and easy and immense returns, thus they will be doing things like funding arms races and any form of centralized technology with monopoly potential (oil refineries, nuclear) as well as any form of non-work financial bubble schemes like real-estate speculation.
Of course, to be "generous" in the second sense of not being petty, :-) maybe you are looking for people who are a little bit greedy and a little bit philanthropic? :-)
   Just something to think about as you explore this space of ideas.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-06-21 19:57:27
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
Someone suggested to me that Charles Fourier said everything worth saying that Marx said, but earlier. :-)
   That doesn't mean Charles Fourier was right about everything, but he certainly said a lot of stuff that fits with a P2P spirit; from Wikipedia: "Fourier declared that concern and cooperation were the secrets of social success. He believed that a society that cooperated would see an immense improvement in their productivity levels. ... In the middle of the 20th century, Fourier's influence began to rise again among writers reappraising socialist ideas outside the Marxist mainstream. After the Surrealists had broken with the French Communist Party, Andr? Breton returned to Fourier, writing Ode ? Charles Fourier in 1947. ..."
Fourier had a lot of specific suggestions, but in general, he was open to diversity and individual choice. And people were actually willing multiple times to try variations of his ideas.
So, if P2P must be neo-anything, how about neo-Fourierist? :-)
My search of the p2p-research archives does not turn up his name "Fourier" mentioned anywhere.
Of course, even Adam Smith started out in an interesting direction: :-)
   "How selfish soever man may be supposed, there are evidently some principles in his nature, which interest him in the fortunes of others, and render their happiness necessary to him, though he derives nothing from it, except the pleasure of seeing it."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-06-29 13:42:29
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A basic income guarantee versus peer production 
People have mentioned a basic income here in about fifty posts, including six times in the last two weeks, some in relation to Ryan' theme of "Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish".
I was surprised the other day to learn Richard Nixon was in favor of one, and a version actually passed the US House of Representatives in the 1970s.
   "Moynihan supported Richard Nixon's idea of a Guaranteed Annual Income (GAI). Daniel Patrick Moynihan had significant discussions concerning a Basic Income Guarantee with Russell B. Long and Louis O. Kelso."
         "Richard Nixon presented a guaranteed income plan in 1969, and it passed in the House of Representatives with two-thirds of the vote. In the Senate, however, moderate supporters - Democrats and Republicans - were defeated by the combined votes of extreme conservatives who opposed any aid to the poor and extreme liberals who wanted more generous benefits. (Daniel Patrick Moynihan, the plan?s author, described it, its popular support, and the congressional debates and votes in a 1973 book, The Politics of a Guaranteed Income.) With regard to helping the poor, many people think government should not provide income but only food, shelter, and services. But such programs require large bureaucracies that own and maintain housing; buy, store, and transport food; and monitor recipients? income, family size, and other eligibility criteria. It?s much easier, more efficient, and more respectful to give people a basic income and let them decide where and how to live, work, and so on. If someone wastes or misuses the money, there will always be the opportunity to make better decisions next month."
I wonder if that is the real reason Nixon got impeached? :-)
Could people here directly explain why peer production is better (or worse) than a somewhat regulated capitalism with a basic income guarantee?
I can think of various points on both sides, but I'd like to see what people here say.
Personally, I'm starting to wonder that if I had to pick one or the other in its pure form, maybe I'd be better of with a basic income, because not everyone can produce stuff or has access to the needed resources. So peer production may not really solve an essential issue of distributing the abundance technology makes possible. Peer production may still be good and desirable for many other reasons, of course. But, by itself, it seems to me it does not solve this issue of people being left out of the system. Does peer production just substitute for some social hierarchy that guarantees certain rights (a right to access food) instead a hope for general wealth that will lead to local charity, the same as libertarianism?
Also, stereotypical women's work in society has not been valued much (cleaning, raising children, volunteering, helping the aged) even thought it cost a lot to replace such work with paid labor. So, should not people (whatever gender) who do such work receive public support for their contributions to society? Though as with anything involving feminism, there is controversy there: :-)
   "Feminism and Basic Income Revisited"
    "Debate: Should Feminists Endorse Basic Income?"
  Anyway, it seems like a basic income guarantee could (in theory) be passed into law tomorrow, without immediately changing where everyone works or how everything is made. It already passed the US House of Representatives once in some form.
Anyway, comments on this would be appreciated.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-06-30 13:29:28
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A basic income guarantee versus peer production 
Thanks for the clarification.
It still seems to me thatt libertarians and Republican fiscal conservatives make a similar argument for unchained capitalism being "hyper-productive" potentially and thus bringing abundance to all. :-) And many of them are on local chambers of commerces, promoting local industry, for local abundance. So, there is the basis for a dialog there, at least. :-)
Or some soul searching about the true difference? :-) There is no doubt some difference in sentiment and hopes and vision. I'm learning more and more about the differences and overlap with other ideas, so that's good; more written here by those who know might be helpful:
   And thanks to others for the other replies.
I also agree with Andy's comment that: "So the system is segmentary - in old-fashioned terms, there's a "contradiction" between the logics of the two spheres (gift-economy/tribute hybrid, and capitalism).  The question being, whether the segmentarity is sustainable - whether capitalism maintains its
profitability without strong economic coercion. One could moot a strategy where gift economy starts out in a little corner and colonises the whole, but Offe and Przeworski would suggest that this would impact profit margins - beyond a certain point, the transition has to be "all of nothing"."
What is interesting about the basic income and peer production is that the first objection people often raise to a basic income is that everyone will be lazy and not produce. But then the next objection they raise is that everyone will suddenly produce goods, services, and information for "free", which will ruin the classical money economy. Interesting irony there. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-31 20:05:15
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Study Says US Needs Fewer Science Students 
"It's an article of faith: the United States needs more native-born students in science and other technical fields. But a new paper by sociologists at the Urban Institute and Rutgers University contradicts the notion of a shrinking supply of native-born talent in the United States. In fact, the supply has actually remained steady over the past 30 years, the researchers conclude, while the highest-performing students in the pipeline are opting out of science and engineering in greater numbers than in the past, suggesting that the threat to American economic competitiveness comes not from inadequate science training in school and college but from a lack of incentives that would make science and technology careers attractive. Cranking out even more science graduates, according to the researchers, does not give corporations any incentive to boost wages for science/tech jobs, which would be one way to retain the highest-performing students."
The researchers?led by Lowell and Harold Salzman, a sociologist at the Urban Institute and Rutgers University, New Brunswick?argue that boosting the STEM pipeline may end up hurting the United States in the long-term.
This happens, they say,  by depressing wages in S&T fields and turning potential science and technology innovators into management professionals and hedge fund managers.
The way to promote US competitiveness in STEM fields is to "put more emphasis on the demand side," says Lowell, noting that U.S. colleges and universities produce three times more STEM graduates every year than the number of STEM jobs available. Cranking out even more STEM graduates, he says, does not give corporations any incentive to boost wages for STEM jobs, which would be one way to retain the highest-performing students in STEM.
One interesting comment there:
Guess no one got the memo about this collapse starting in the 1970s:
   "The Big Crunch" by Dr. David Goodstein, Vice Provost, Caltech
   Even though he has testified about this to the US Congress a decade ago.
Anyway, this helps explain the rise of "Professional Amateurs":
   "The 20th century witnessed the rise of many new professionals in fields such as medicine, science, education and politics. Amateurs and their sometimes ramshackle organizations were driven out by people who knew what they were doing and had certificates to prove it. This historic shift is now reversing with Pro-Ams: people who pursue amateur activities to professional standards are increasingly an important part of the society and economy of developed nations. Their leisure is not passive but active and participatory. Their contribution involves the deployment of publicly accredited knowledge and skills, and is often built up over a long career involving sacrifices and frustrations."
Which in turn is an aspect of P2P.
It's sad though that we don't have a basic income, etc. to otherwise handle this situation and let thinkers think and researchers research and so on.
Well, at least people with PhDs can go drive cabs. Oops:
   "The continued development of autonomous robots has the potential to save lives. At PAVE, we conduct our robotics research with the intent to solve real-world problems, such as reducing the number of motor vehicle accidents. We strive to educate the community about advances in robotics technology, and to inspire students to pursue degrees and career paths related to robotics. ... PAVE has participated in some of the world's most challenging and prestigious robotics competitions. Our first autonomous vehicle, Prospect Eleven, was a finalist in the 2005 DARPA Grand Challenge. Our current research vehicle, Prospect Twelve, was a semifinalist in the 2007 DARPA Urban Challenge. PAVE placed third overall out of 47 teams and won rookie of the year at the 2008 Intelligent Ground Vehicle Competition. We built an all new entry for the 2009 IGVC and placed first in the competition's navigation challenge."
See also:
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-01 07:34:48
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] beyond "road burn-out" : what is (y)our story ? 
Politically speaking, why do you (or anyone else) not have some claim on the fruits of the industrial commons by fact of existence as a human being?
Also regarding money, fixed abodes and so on, consider Manuel de Landa's points on a balance of meshworks and hierarchies:
   "Indeed, one must resist the temptation to make hierarchies into villains and meshworks into heroes, not only because, as I said, they are constantly turning into one another, but because in real life we find only mixtures and hybrids, and the properties of these cannot be established through theory alone but demand concrete experimentation."
Too much random meshwork may be as bad as to much structured hierarchy? Humanity lives best in the comfortable zone between fire and ice. Between chaos and order. Naturally, all people are tuned a little differently. Some are very comfortable more towards extreme chaos, some more comfortable towards extreme order.
So, just musing on this, not suggesting you change, but what if we ignore that human rights issue, and build on the idea you mention of inter-dependency. So, what are you supplying on your side? Teaching? Entertaining? Could you formalize that and put a little more structure in your life and a little more hierarchy? Not saying you'd want to, just a thought. Maybe you could enter some sort of profession where a stream of people pass through your life? Even being a doctor? :-) But, might some foundation fund you as a traveling educator? Or you might find life interesting at a university as a student in theater arts or something. You must know a lot about people by now, bot for performing and writing. Also, have you considered upgrading your entertaining skills for life on the road? Like learning to do Mime? Or magic tricks? Or, if you don't already, some for of musical instrument? Or if you know one, learn more, and learn more styles. Lots of musicians bemoan a life on the road even though they get paid for performing; but maybe some might enjoy it more than others. Successful authors also tend to be ones who go to book signings everywhere, so writing a book and then promoting it across the globe might be another Anyway, just some thoughts. Life and action entail risk. We make our choices about what risks we take and what ones we avoid, based on our subjective assessment of the world, our relations, and our abilities and resources. Hitchhiking is a physical risk, but so is despair through boredom (all sorts of health issues there). You make your choices and you take your chances, same as everyone.
Maybe you could become a traveling educator on the importance of vitamin D?
   "Technically not a "vitamin," vitamin D is in a class by itself. Its metabolic product, calcitriol, is actually a secosteroid hormone that targets over 2000 genes (about 10% of the human genome) in the human body. Current research has implicated vitamin D deficiency as a major factor in the pathology of at least 17 varieties of cancer as well as heart disease, stroke, hypertension, autoimmune diseases, diabetes, depression, chronic pain, osteoarthritis, osteoporosis, muscle weakness, muscle wasting, birth defects, periodontal disease, and more."
Seriously, you might read that site in depth, and you might spread the word in your travels, and save hundreds or thousands of lives from cancer, mental illness, osteoporosis, influenza, and so on. Then you could feel even better about a sense of reciprocity with the world, which we all tend to need to be healthy, even if we don't need all exchanges to be one-for-one. Not quite being a doctor, but it doesn't take ten years to get a degree before you can help people, either. :-)
Another health issue to study may be fasting:
  "Learn how to escape the dietary pleasure trap!"
  Once in awhile, a person may actually become aware of important dietary knowledge. Despite the tremendous commercially-motivated misinformation campaigns waged by the dairy, cattle, and processed food industries, sometimes a person actually comes to understand the truth about diet. At such times, determined individuals might attempt to change their diet toward whole natural foods?in spite of dire and unfounded warnings from their families, friends, and doctors.
   But along the way, they are likely to be met with a formidable obstacle?their own taste neuro-adaptation to artificially-intense foods. This challenge is depicted as Phases IV and V, wherein a change to less stimulating foods typically will result in a reduced pleasure experience. In the early stages, this process is dramatic because natural foods often are not nearly as stimulating.
   Scientific evidence suggests that the re-sensitization of taste nerves takes between 30 and 90 days of consistent exposure to less stimulating foods. This means that for several weeks, most people attempting this change will experience a reduction in eating pleasure. This is why modern foods present such a devastating trap?as most of our citizens are, in effect, ?addicted? to artificially high levels of food stimulation! The 30-to-90-day process of taste re-calibration requires more motivation?and more self-discipline?than most people are ever willing to muster.
   Tragically, most people are totally unaware that they are only a few weeks of discipline away from being able to comfortably maintain healthful dietary habits?and to keep away from the products that can result in the destruction of their health. Instead, most people think that if they were to eat more healthfully, they would be condemned to a life of greatly reduced gustatory pleasure?thinking that the process of Phase IV will last forever. This is an extraordinarily deceptive and problematic situation that I describe as a ?pleasure trap.?
See also:
"The Pleasure Trap: Mastering the Hidden Force That Undermines Health & A wake-up call to even the most health conscious people, The Pleasure Trap boldy challenges conventional wisdom about sickness and unhappiness in today's contemporary culture, and offers groundbreaking solutions for achieving change. Authors Douglas Lisel, Ph.D., and Alan Goldhamer, D.C., provide a fascinating new perspective on how modern life can turn so many smart, savvy people into the unwitting saboteurs of their own well-being.
   Inspired by stunning original research, comprehensive clinical studies, and their successes with thousands of patients, the authors construct a new paradigm for the psychology of health, offering fresh hope for anyone stuck in a self-destructive rut. Integrating principals of evolutionary biology with trailblazing, proactive strategies for wellness, they argue that people who are chronically overweight, sick and ailing, or junk food junkies aren't that way because they're lazy, undisciplined, or stuck with bad genes. The authors reveal that most are victims of a dilemma that harkens back to our prehistoric past-"the Pleasure Trap."
   Drs. Lisle and Goldhamer then call upon their clinical experience, scientific investigations, and a recent revoution of understanding in human motivational psychology to provide you with solutions for the challenges of keeping on a healthful course-and how to make the most of your life.
Scientific research about both vitamin D and fasting have been done, showing remarkable health effects for preventing disease and extending life. Between the two, getting enough vitamin D is more important and an easier thing to explain right now. So, maybe start with that and build from there. I mention fasting in part because it also may be a skill you have learned, and reading more about it might be interesting and personally useful.
Anyway, you obviously must have strong skills as an educator and entertainer already, so maybe just go with it, but perhas accepting just a little more formalism (not a lot, not a "slippery slope", just an issue of healthy balance)? :-) Calling yourself and educator and entertainer about, say, alternative health issues like Vitamin D and fasting, and printing up some business cards with that on it, might at least make it easier to explain your life to your mother. :-)
Now there are a lot of other alternative health issues that are quackery. I'm not saying pedal those. These two issues, vitamin D and fasting, I can point to scientific evidence that say they are good things for most people. And just these two, especially vitamin D may help prevent many tragedies.
It may even help prevent the flu:
Basically, as we all spend more time indoors, as we are taught by dermatologists to fear the sun and wear sunscreen, and as we drive instead of walk or bicycle, Vitamin D deficiency has become a true epidemic in the USA. It may literally be costing the USA hundreds of billions of dollars a year in extra health care costs, plus untold suffering.
As people feel worse from Vitamin D deficiency in various ways, they may even spend even more time indoors, given less energy and a need to use the computer to escape other issues.
Dr. John Cannell suggests that the US RDA for Vitamin D is about ten times too low, because it was set decades ago for healthy bones, not a healthy immune system (cancer) or a healthy brain (autism, depression).
And, the darker your skin in the USA, and the farther north you live, the worse the problem, as Curtis Duncan notes here:
"Why Michelle Obama is More Likely to Die From Breast Cancer than Hillary It is true that too much vitamin D supplementation can be a problem, (although it may be a lot less toxic than is widely thought:)
   and we all need to eat well eventually. Underlying health issues can a/-o make either vitamin D supplements or fasting problematical in some rare cases  (as can even psychological issues, like anorexia or bullimia as regards fasting). But that is part of what you would need to study too, and maybe have some progressive doctors you talk with, too. But you don't need an MD to do that. Just a few days of study on the internet, plus fact checking with some (progressive) medical doctors for increased confidence, asking them about these websites and related studies, might be enough to make you an amazing educator on these things (in an entertaining way).
Just telling a lot of people about the health benefits of those two things could change the world is a very positive way, and would provide undeniable value to anyone you interact with, as you help people you meet resist the worst parts of the commercial/industrial world that is negatively effecting them unknowingly. That change is something anyone might be proud of to have helped with, as you pass on all the gifts you've received in your life to others, and maybe even help others to see the value in their doing the same in passing on gifts they get.
Anyway, maybe you do some of this already, I don't know; I'm just trying to be helpful and pass on the gifts I've received in my life from others. :-) And that also helps me feel good about myself. :-)
I get that "passing on the gift" terminology in relation to helping with self-respect from the Heifer International:
   "Pass on the Gift"
   "Together we have truly built a global chain of giving ? passing on time, money, caring, animals, education, training ? all ingredients for building a better world. With your support, Passing on the Gift will go on in Heifer projects year round."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-01 11:23:30
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scarcity mythology breaking down (was Re: Where Does 
I mentioned abiotic oil here: :-)
"[p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton"
But the reason this doesn't matter is that:
* we are polluting the biosphere in several ways using oil (both from big disasters like the Exxon Valdez and continuing little ones of non-point source pollution, especilly with gasoline containing additives like lead and now MTBE) plus of course CO2;
* we are polluting the biosphere in several other ways using coal (mercury, especially, but again, CO2 -- natural gas is cleaner, but also produces CO2);
* we would use less electricity if we switched to electric cars, because it takes more electricity to produce a gallon of gas than an electric car would use to go the same distance compared to most internal combustion engine cars;
   * we have a centralized less-democratic economy which needs to be extrinsically secured (oil pipelines, ships, ports, natural gas and LNG facilities, are all very explosive and big and very hard to protect) because we use oi produced in a very few locations and needs to be shipped and stored; that "defense" expenditure in the USA is approaching a trillion US dollars a year but is not factored into the price of oil and gasoline;
   "The True Cost of Oil"
   so our taxes would go *down* for that and other reasons if, as I proposed here, everyone in the USA who wanted one was given a "free" safer luxury electric car:
"Why luxury safer electric cars should be free-to-the-user" The stone age did not end because we ran out of stones, and the oil age will not end because we run out of oil. (Not sure who said that first.)
All our scarcity assumptions are breaking down. :-)
Giving everyone universal health care is cheaper than rationing it.
Giving everyone luxury safe electric cars is cheaper than rationing them.
Giving everyone mutual security and an intrinsicly secure infrastructure is cheaper than focusing on unilateral extrinsic security.
A basic income given to all would mean more things were produced, not less.
As I just wrote to someone, nuclear missiles are *ironic* because the same technology could build a sustainable civilization on Earth or in space that works for everyone with vast abundance for all.
The entire mythology of our civilization is being reinvented. :-)
As part of a bigger global mindshift and reimagining:
      The problem being right now that a very few people get what they still think are very big benefits by the current economic system, as long as they look the other way about systemic risks of collapse (economic collapse, war, unrest, plaque, and so on) that we *all* face together, even the wealthy.
And, it looks like even the children of the wealthy are worse off for it:
"Children of the Affluent: Challenges to Well-Being"
"The Culture of Affluence: Psychological Costs of Material Wealth"
"Why Affluent, High-Achieving Teens Are Often Depressed"
If even the children of the wealthy are being harmed by the current system, then who is the current system really working for?
One possibility: Psychopaths? :-(
--Paul Fernhout
 > What the anti-peak oil people are saying....
 >
 > Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Where Does The Oil Come From?
 > via Power and Control by M. Simon on 10/29/09
 > There is some relatively new sciece out about the origins of oil and
 > natural gas. ScienceDaily (Sep. 12, 2009) ? Researchers at the Royal
 > Institute of Technology (KTH) in Stockholm have managed to prove that
 > fossils from animals and plants are not necessary for crude oil and
 > natural gas to be generated. The findings are revolutionary since this
 > means, on the one hand, that it will be much easier to find these
 > sources of energy and, on the other hand, that they can be found all
 > over the globe.

@_date: 2009-11-01 11:47:19
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The psychopath as peer? 
A digression onto a psychopathic aspect of the current system, related to my previous post on changing social mythology which seems counterproductive, which concluded:
The problem being right now that a very few people get what they still think are very big benefits by the current economic system, as long as they look the other way about systemic risks of collapse (economic collapse, war, unrest, plaque, and so on) that we *all* face together, even the wealthy.
   And, it looks like even the children of the wealthy are worse off for it:
"Children of the Affluent: Challenges to Well-Being"
"The Culture of Affluence: Psychological Costs of Material Wealth"
"Why Affluent, High-Achieving Teens Are Often Depressed"
   If even the children of the wealthy are being harmed by the current system, then who is the current system really working for?
   One possibility: Psychopaths? :-(
Here is some more on that theme of psychopath as "peer". :-)
   "Psychopaths among us"
   Ever since I visited Dr. Robert Hare in Vancouver, I can see them, the psychopaths. It's pretty easy, once you know how to look. I'm watching a documentary about an American prison trying to rehabilitate teen murderers. They're using an emotionally intense kind of group therapy, and I can see, as plain as day, that one of the inmates is a psychopath. He tries, but he can't muster a convincing breakdown, can't fake any feeling for his dead victims. He's learned the words, as Bob Hare would put it, but not the music. ...
   And it's really just beginning. Psychopathy may prove to be as important a construct in this century as IQ was in the last (and just as susceptible to abuse), because, thanks to Hare, we now understand that the great majority of psychopaths are not violent criminals and never will be. Hundreds of thousands of psychopaths live and work and prey among us. Your boss, your boyfriend, your mother could be what Hare calls a "subclinical" psychopath, someone who leaves a path of destruction and pain without a single pang of conscience. Even more worrisome is the fact that, at this stage, no one -- not even Bob Hare -- is quite sure what to do about it. ...
   The Psychopathy Checklist consists of a set of forms and a manual that describes in detail how to score a subject in twenty categories that define psychopathy. Is he (or, more rarely, she) glib and superficially charming, callous and without empathy? Does he have a grandiose sense of self worth, shallow emotions, a lack of remorse or guilt? Is he impulsive, irresponsible, promiscuous? Did he have behavioural problems early in life? The information for each category must be carefully drawn from documents such as court transcripts, police reports, psychologists' reports, and victim-impact statements, and not solely from an interview, since psychopaths are superb liars ("pathological lying" and "conning/manipulative" are PCL-R categories). A prisoner may claim to love his family, for example, while his records show no visits or phone calls. ...
   The most startling finding to emerge from Hare's work is that the popular image of the psychopath as a remorseless, smiling killer -- Paul Bernardo, Clifford Olson, John Wayne Gacy -- while not wrong, is incomplete. Yes, almost all serial killers, and most of Canada's dangerous offenders, are psychopaths, but violent criminals are just a tiny fraction of the psychopaths around us. Hare estimates that 1 percent of the population -- 300,000 people in Canada -- are psychopaths.
   He calls them "subclinical" psychopaths. They're the charming predators who, unable to form real emotional bonds, find and use vulnerable women for sex and money (and inevitably abandon them). They're the con men like Christophe Rocancourt, and they're the stockbrokers and promoters who caused Forbes magazine to call the Vancouver Stock Exchange (now part of the Canadian Venture Exchange) the scam capital of the world. (Hare has said that if he couldn't study psychopaths in prisons, the Vancouver Stock Exchange would have been his second choice.) A significant proportion of persistent wife beaters, and people who have unprotected sex despite carrying the AIDS virus, are psychopaths. Psychopaths can be found in legislatures, hospitals, and used-car lots. They're your neighbour, your boss, and your blind date. Because they have no conscience, they're natural predators. If you didn't have a conscience, you'd be one too.
   Psychopaths love chaos and hate rules, so they're comfortable in the fast-moving modern corporation. Dr. Paul Babiak, an industrial-organizational psychologist based near New York City, is in the process of writing a book with Bob Hare called When Psychopaths Go to Work: Cons, Bullies and the Puppetmaster. The subtitle refers to the three broad classes of psychopaths Babiak has encountered in the workplace.
   "The con man works one-on-one," says Babiak. "They'll go after a woman, marry her, take her money, then move on and marry someone else. The puppet master would manipulate somebody to get at someone else. This type is more powerful because they're hidden." Babiak says psychopaths have three motivations: thrill-seeking, the pathological desire to win, and the inclination to hurt people. "They'll jump on any opportunity that allows them to do those things," he says. "If something better comes along, they'll drop you and move on."  ...
   "A lot of white-collar criminals are psychopaths," says Bob Hare. "But they flourish because the characteristics that define the disorder are actually valued. When they get caught, what happens? A slap on the wrist, a six-month ban from trading, and don't give us the $100 million back. I've always looked at white-collar crime as being as bad or worse than some of the physically violent crimes that are committed."  ...
   After thirty-five years of work, Bob Hare has brought us to the stage where we know what psychopathy is, how much damage psychopaths do, and even how to identify them. But we don't know how to treat them or protect the population from them. The real work is just beginning. Solving the puzzle of the psychopath is an invigorating prospect -- if you're a scientist. Perhaps the rest of us can be forgiven for our impatience to see the whole thing come to an end."
So, how do we help psychopaths be happier people? And how do we have p2p networks that are resilient given the presence of some few people acting like psychopaths?
More sunlight, vitamin D3, and other vitamins like B12?
"Epidemiological evidence shows an association between reduced sun exposure and mental illness."
      "Vitamin B12 may help with preventing "paranoia (megaloblastic madness),
delirium, confusion".
    This is not to suggest most mentally ill people are psychopaths; often they are the victims of psychopaths. But, anything cheap like that which might improve the situation might be worth looking into.
More philosophy?
   "Curing Psychopathology: Can Philosophy Help? "
   Even religion? :-) Or developing good habits of interactive behavior?
More p2p research? :-) Including in peer-based social ranking systems perhaps? Still, no doubt any system like that could be gamed. There were probably many good reasons the Iroquois women elected their leaders from the boys they had known from birth...
Only the collective can probably resist or deal with psychopaths on an ongoing basis...
Maybe we could even think about jobs that psychopaths could be really helpful in to the collective? Other than where they hurt people? Jobs that are thrilling but dangerous? Jobs that involve winning against some terrible social problem? I can't see positive jobs involving hurting people though, at least not in any large numbers (sometimes, like with medical surgery, you might have to cut someone to cure them, of course).
Like any human thing, there are probably lots of interrelating aspects to behavior that seems like that of a psychopath. Some of it might also be social; maybe there are some few who are hard core psychopaths, and more who are situational psychopaths?
As a caution, given our capitalist society, one should probably not confuse a millionaire wannabee with a psychopath, though they may sometimes overlay:
   "The Wrath of the Millionaire Wannabe's"
  James P. Hogan talks about in "Voyage From Yesteryear" and some other novels of his how what many people in the USA aspire to (vast unshared wealth and a life of idleness) would be considered mental illness in other cultures. Still, that doesn't make aspiring to idleness and wealth the same as being a psychopath. That seems to take more active malice, impulsiveness, and lack of a conscience.
Maybe even unusual brain wiring:
"Brain Difference in Psychopaths Identified by DT-MRI Tractography"
"The investigators found a significant reduction in the integrity of the small particles that make up the structure of the UF of psychopaths, compared to control groups of people with the same age and intelligence quotient (IQ). In addition, the level of abnormality was significantly related to the degree of psychopathy. These results suggest that psychopaths have biologic differences in the brain that may help to explain their offending behaviors."
"Psychopaths are distracted, not cold-blooded "
"This suggests that psychopathic individuals sense fear as much as anyone, and only seem fearless because they find it harder to pay attention to what is scary and what is not, says Newman, who hopes his hypothesis can be used to discourage psychopathic repeat offenders. "They're famous for being difficult if not impossible to treat," he says."
"Violent, antisocial, beyond redemption?"
"ASPD is related to psychopathy, but psychopaths must also exceed a score of 30 in a checklist called the PCL-R. They are rare, making up perhaps 0.5 per cent of the UK population, and are manipulative, lack empathy and disregard social obligations. Yet psychopaths and people with ASPD are not necessarily violent. To muddy the waters still further, the diagnostic criteria for some personality disorders overlap, and people may suffer from several at once. ... One DSPD treatment project in particular, which specifically focuses on psychopaths, is attracting interest from forensic psychiatrists. Psychopaths at a specialist unit within Frankland prison in Durham, UK, are being subjected to the most intensive treatment plan yet devised. Known as Chromis, it employs individual and group therapy to try to shift ingrained patterns of thought and behaviour. Rather than just relying on short sessions of therapy, it recruits the entire staff of the unit to turn prisoners' lives into a continuous exercise in cognitive-behavioural therapy."
Children who rate high on callous traits are not necessarily destined to become psychopaths. Although not many studies have followed such children, one found that 20 percent of who were the most callous and unemotional at age 12 were still that way as adults. "One way to look at it is that the vast majority didn't grow up to be psychopathic," says Frick, "However, these kids are at high risk for very serious outcomes."
   Frick published a study in 2007 that looked at preschoolers who were starting to show such characteristics. He found that they respond best to very consistent parenting. "For the parents who were most consistent, [children's] conscience development went up," he says.
   Interestingly, the study found that while both the typical and sensitive kids responded poorly to strict, authoritarian parenting, callous kids were more likely to develop a conscience when parents used that style. "While the other kids did a lot worse, they did better," he says, noting that corporal punishment had a negative effect on conscience development for all types of Note there are a wide range of parenting styles, some a better match for some parents and for some children (so, no one size fits all):
      But there are many other possible factors. I'm not trying to blame the parents here; there are many factors, and parents have a tough job as it is, and could use a lot more help:
"Generation F*cked: How Britain is Eating Its Young"
"?The reason our children?s lives are the worst among economically advanced countries is because we are a poor version of the USA,? he said. ?So the USA comes second from bottom and we follow behind. The age of neo-liberalism, even with the human face that New Labour has given it, cannot stem the tide of the social recession capitalism creates.?
But, consider simple nutritional issues, like omega-3 from fish, or problems with additives in junk food, or just that fact that junk food crowds out good nutrition.
"Omega-3, junk food and the link between violence and what we eat: Research with British and US offenders suggests nutritional deficiencies may play a key role in aggressive bevaviour"
That Dwight Demar is able to sit in front of us, sober, calm, and employed, is "a miracle", he declares in the cadences of a prayer-meeting sinner. He has been rocking his 6ft 2in bulk to and fro while delivering a confessional account of his past into the middle distance. He wants us to know what has saved him after 20 years on the streets: "My dome is working. They gave me some kind of pill and I changed. Me, myself and I, I changed."
   Demar has been in and out of prison so many times he has lost count of his convictions. "Being drunk, being disorderly, trespass, assault and battery; you name it, I did it. How many times I been in jail? I don't know, I was locked up so much it was my second home."
   Demar has been taking part in a clinical trial at the US government's National Institutes for Health, near Washington. The study is investigating the effects of omega-3 fatty acid supplements on the brain, and the pills that have effected Demar's "miracle" are doses of fish oil.
Some may be genetic too:
"Bullies May Enjoy Seeing Others in Pain: Brain Scans Show Disruption in Natural Empathetic Response"
"Aggressive adolescents showed a specific and very strong activation of the amygdala and ventral striatum (an area that responds to feeling rewarded) when watching pain inflicted on others, which suggested that they enjoyed watching pain," he said.
   Unlike the control group, the youth with conduct disorder did not activate the area of the brain involved in self-regulation (the medial prefrontal cortex and the temporoparietal junction).
   The control group acted similarly to youth in a study released earlier this year, in which Decety and his colleagues used fMRI scans to show 7- to 12-year-olds are naturally empathetic toward people in pain.
I'm not saying all violent people are psychopaths, most probably are not. I'm just suggesting fixing the nutritional deficiencies and vitamin D deficiencies may help improve things in general for people who have psychopathic tendencies and may otherwise be impulsively violent.
Likewise, I'm not saying all bullying people are psychopaths, again, most probably are not. But addressing bullying issues may help improve things in general for people who have psychopathic tendencies and might otherwise be Like with any paradigm, likely we will figure out how to move beyond the "psychopath" paradigm at some point and see some bigger picture, including nutrition, helping parents better match their style of parenting to their child's current needs, and more social supports (including a basic income, which would give many people the opportunity to just walk away from relationships at work or at home to psychopaths and in general any other dysfunctional relationship, or alternatively, have the resources to help fix the relationship).
Might there be societies where people with the same inclinations just could not be "psychopaths" in terms of behavior effects because of other collective societal aspects? Or where better diet prevents the worst part of this? Maybe, even if we can't "cure" the psychopath, we can cure the society that lets him or her run wild, and worse, elevates him or her to positions of responsibility over others and major resources?
Maybe we also need to resist psychopaths with collective joy and humor? :-)
   "Patch Adams Healthcare Speech Clip"
   I suggested the failure to have an academic culture that promoted more information sharing may have cost global society literally 100 trillion US dollars in relation to not understanding Vitamin D deficiency sooner:
The costs from Vitamin D deficiency alone as far as direct medical costs I suggest invalidates any value to copyrights and patents if they have impeded scientific understanding.
It may, with some handwaving and pointing to WWI and WWII and this:
   be literally the case that a failure to share information on psychology leading to a better understanding of psychopaths, and in general to have a healthier psyche and healthier society, may have directly cost in the equivalent of quadrillions of present-day US dollars in the 20th and 21st centuries, especially in terms of both wars and things not done.
Anyway, dealing with psychopaths in the context of p2p is something that may be an important issue down the road. In any case, helping more people lead joyful fulfilling lives through better nutrition, better supported families, and through more scientific research (including through peer production by professional amateurs), are probably all good things to do. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-01 15:14:55
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scarcity mythology breaking down (was Re: Where 
An alternative hypothesis:
"Slashdot | Nothing To Fear But Fearlessness Itself?"
"In a post last August, Robert X. Cringely voiced fears that Goldman Sachs and others were not so much evil as 'clueless about the implications of their work,' leaving it up to the government to fix any mess they leave behind. 'But what if government runs out of options,' worried Cringely. 'Our economic policy doesn't imagine it, nor does our foreign policy, because superpowers don't acknowledge weakness.' And now his fears are echoed in a WSJ opinion piece by Peggy Noonan titled 'We're Governed by Callous Children.' She writes, 'We are governed at all levels by America's luckiest children, sons and daughters of the abundance, and they call themselves optimists but they're not optimists ? they're unimaginative. They don't have faith, they've just never been foreclosed on. They are stupid and they are callous, and they don't mind it when people become disheartened. They don't even notice.' With apologies to FDR, do we have nothing to fear but fearlessness itself?"
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-01 15:17:17
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | The Golden Age of Infinite Music 
"Slashdot | The Golden Age of Infinite Music"
Over at the BBC, music journalist John Harris speculates on what may become of the music business now that we have entered the golden age of infinite music. "I've just poured the music-related contents of my brain into a book, and I would imagine that 30-ish years worth of knowledge about everyone from Funkadelic to The Smiths has probably cost me a five-figure sum, a stupid amount spent on music publications, and endless embarrassed moments spent trying to have a conversation with those arrogant blokes who tend to work in record shops. Last weekend, by contrast, I had a long chat about music with the 16-year-old son of a friend, and my mind boggled. At virtually no cost, in precious little time and with zero embarrassment, he had become an expert on all kinds of artists, from English singer-songwriters like Nick Drake and John Martyn to such American indie-rock titans as Pavement and Dinosaur Jr. Though only a sixth-former, he seemingly knew as much about most of these people as any music writer. Like any rock-oriented youth, his appetite for music is endless, and so is the opportunity..."
Cited article:
"Not long ago, if you wanted music, you had to save up your pocket money, take a trip to the local record shop and lovingly leaf through its racks. Now, it's almost all free, instant and infinite. And our relationship with music has changed forever."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-02 09:53:28
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The psychopath as peer? 
You are right to be concerned about simple labels, and that's one reason, as a caveat, I mentioned the idea of moving beyond the paradigm of "psychopath" to maybe something more useful, someday.
On neural evidence, you are right again that it is not for 100% sure genetic, but genes do affect a lot of how the brain is wired, in interaction with history and current environment, so it could be a factor.
To pull another bit from something previously linked:
   "Why Do Some People Become Psychopaths?"
   Many researchers now believe that the core defect in psychopathy ? and what most distinguishes it from other antisocial behavior disorders ? is what are called "callous/unemotional traits." [Note the use of the word "callous" and consider the below slashdot article text using the same word, referencing a statement by Peggy Noonan.] A child who kicks another child because he's angry and can't control himself but feels terrible afterwards may be antisocial, but he's not psychopathic. It's the kid who does it and feels no remorse ? or even gets angrier because the other child's crying is annoying ? who's most worrisome.
   What causes this lack of empathy? Many ? but not all ? psychopaths were abused or neglected as children. Being treated poorly early on can set up a child to see everyone else as selfish and cruel, causing them to replicate that kind of behavior as a way to cope with a nasty, uncaring world. However, the vast majority of abused and neglected children grow up to be caring, and some are even especially sensitive ? far from psychopathic.
   James Blair, Ph.D., studies troubled children as chief of affective cognitive neuroscience unit in the mood and anxiety disorders program at the National Institute of Mental Health. He says that post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), which can be one result of childhood trauma, can be seen in some ways as the opposite of psychopathy.
   "There's one core structure in the brain that's over-responsive in PTSD ? that's the amygdala," he says. This region is critical for perceiving and responding to threats. In PTSD, the amygdala is hypersensitive to threats, producing fear in situations that wouldn't seem to be frightening to most    But in brain scans of people who have high levels of callous or unemotional traits, "We see a reduced response of the amygdala to threat," says Blair.
   That doesn't mean that the psychopaths weren't exposed to trauma ? a brain faced with overwhelming stress can respond either by becoming hypersensitive or insensitive, depending on a multitude of factors, including genetics.
   Indeed, callous and unemotional traits do seem to be highly genetic. About 70 percent of the variance between people on this dimension seems to be inherited. However, a study of sons of criminals found that those who had a highly responsive stress system were far less likely to become criminals themselves than those whose stress system was less responsive.
Again, what to do about genetic differences socially is another issue. Sometimes they can be adaptive.
For example, see:
"Slashdot | Bad Driving May Have Genetic Basis"
"Bad drivers may in part have their genes to blame, suggests a new study by UC Irvine neuroscientists. People with a particular gene variant performed more than 20 percent worse on a driving test than people without it ? and a follow-up test a few days later yielded similar results. About 30 percent of Americans have the variant. 'These people make more errors from the get-go, and they forget more of what they learned after time away,' said Dr. Steven Cramer, neurology associate professor and senior author of the study published recently in the journal Cerebral Cortex."
But, from the cited article on the value of that gene:
The gene variant isn't always bad, though. Studies have found that people with it maintain their usual mental sharpness longer than those without it when neurodegenerative diseases such as Parkinson's, Huntington's and multiple sclerosis are present.
"It's as if nature is trying to determine the best approach," Cramer says. "If you want to learn a new skill or have had a stroke and need to regenerate brain cells, there's evidence that having the variant is not good. But if you've got a disease that affects cognitive function, there's evidence it can act in your favor. The variant brings a different balance between flexibility and stability."
Some other recent slashdot discussion mentioning psychopaths, as an article and two comments.
"Nothing To Fear But Fearlessness Itself?"
"In a post last August, Robert X. Cringely voiced fears that Goldman Sachs and others were not so much evil as 'clueless about the implications of their work,' leaving it up to the government to fix any mess they leave behind. 'But what if government runs out of options,' worried Cringely. 'Our economic policy doesn't imagine it, nor does our foreign policy, because superpowers don't acknowledge weakness.' And now his fears are echoed in a WSJ opinion piece by Peggy Noonan titled 'We're Governed by Callous Children.' She writes, 'We are governed at all levels by America's luckiest children, sons and daughters of the abundance, and they call themselves optimists but they're not optimists ? they're unimaginative. They don't have faith, they've just never been foreclosed on. They are stupid and they are callous [Note the word, and compare with the above on children and how some few become psychopths], and they don't mind it when people become disheartened. They don't even notice.' With apologies to FDR, do we have nothing to fear but fearlessness itself?"
One comment on that by someone else, similar to my question at the start of this p2p thread:
   "It took me a long time to figure out why things are going to hell. Then I read  and it all made sense. Sociopaths seek power and winning without conscience and this is why banking and wall street leaders are where they are, because they've changed the system of laws to favor themselves. Like terminators, they don't feel remorse or care if their actions hurt other people. These people are now a large proportion of our international corporate leadership. Until our system collapses, they will stay in power, even though they are the reason for our suffering and downfall as a nation. Not sure what there is to do about the situation except have people come to recognize sociopaths for what they are, broken people who should never be allowed to hold power. From the web site the 12 clues to recognizing a sociopath ..."
One reply to that comment again by someone else:
The silver lining to this could is that if:
1. the sociopath believes that there is a widespread catastrophic issue that will affect himself as well as everyone else
2. the sociopath is powerful
3. no one else is going to do anything to fix it ...the sociopath will do something about it.
In general, genetic diversity is a good thing. That's why most species are sexual, to maintain a larger genetic pool of variation and recombination than just by cloning. Nature seems to favor a diversity of approaches to life.
Again, you are quite right to question how useful a "sociopath" term or paradigm for understanding current politics is. But in any case, it is a meme that p2p needs to think about, IMHO. Thanks for contributing to the I have a BA in Psychology from Princeton, for what it is worth. :-) Mentioned here: :-)
   "Post-Scarcity Princeton, or, Reading between the lines of PAW for prospective Princeton students, or, the Health Risks of Heart Disease"
   At least my advisor, when I asked him, said it was OK to talk about his sex life in there. :-) But, he was a past president of the American Psychological Association, so I figured it would be OK. :-) Another advisee that year, I found out only when she came to visit, was the son of Dr. Ruth Westheimer. :-)
But we all know psychologists are all crazy, right? :-) For example:
   "How To Tell If Your Therapist Is Crazy (Part One)"
"Truth is, I?ve heard some disheartening stories of incompetence, conceit, and meanness among my colleagues. Add to that various tales of boundary violations, diagnostic ineptitude, and goofy, new age therapies. It?s enough to make a guy to wonder: is it true? Do psychologists struggle with mental illness more often then the general population? As is my tradition, I hit the literature in the hopes of scrounging up some facts. ... I?ve heard it said that shrinks aren?t simply screwed up, they?re shrinks because they?re screwed up. Where did I hear that? Why, from shrinks themselves. ..."
Still, as another president of the APA suggests, it may be better to focus on amplifying the positive, than diminishing the negative:
         People who tend to be sociopathic tend to have certain traits. What is positive about that? :-)
Above there was one suggestion, if a sociopath became concerned about the effect of global issues on himself or herself. Consider, even in China:
Watching both the health care and climate/energy debates in Congress, it is hard not to draw the following conclusion: There is only one thing worse than one-party autocracy, and that is one-party democracy, which is what we have in America today.
   One-party autocracy certainly has its drawbacks. But when it is led by a reasonably enlightened group of people, as China is today, it can also have great advantages. That one party can just impose the politically difficult but critically important policies needed to move a society forward in the 21st century. It is not an accident that China is committed to overtaking us in electric cars, solar power, energy efficiency, batteries, nuclear power and wind power. China?s leaders understand that in a world of exploding populations and rising emerging-market middle classes, demand for clean power and energy efficiency is going to soar. Beijing wants to make sure that it owns that industry and is ordering the policies to do that, including boosting gasoline prices, from the top down.
   Our one-party democracy is worse. The fact is, on both the energy/climate legislation and health care legislation, only the Democrats are really playing. With a few notable exceptions, the Republican Party is standing, arms folded and saying ?no.? Many of them just want President Obama to fail. Such a waste. Mr. Obama is not a socialist; he?s a centrist. But if he?s forced to depend entirely on his own party to pass legislation, he will be whipsawed by its different factions.
I'm not saying China is a sociopath or run by sociopaths. I'm just giving an example of how "enlightened self interest" coupled with a strong will can accomplish some good stuff. I'd rather we did not have a government run by one or more sociopaths. But, if we did, I'm just trying to look on the bright side. :-) Can we help enlighten sociopaths to see their own long term self interests and act better on them? I don't know.
Even if the government was enlightened, consider this:
   "Corporation as Psychopath"
   The filmmakers juxtapose well-shot interviews of defenders and critics with the reality on the ground -- Charles Kernaghan in Central America showing how, for example, big apparel manufacturers pay workers pennies for products that sell for hundreds of dollars in the United States -- with defenders of the regime -- Milton Friedman looking frumpy as he says with as straight a face as he can -- the only moral imperative for a corporate executive is to make as much money for the corporate owners as he or she can.
   Others agree with Friedman. Management guru Peter Drucker tells Bakan: "If you find an executive who wants to take on social responsibilities, fire him. Fast." And William Niskanen, chair of the libertarian Cato Institute, says that he would not invest in a company that pioneered in corporate    Of course, state corporation laws actually impose a legal duty on corporate executives to make money for shareholders. Engage in social responsibility -- pay more money to workers, stop legal pollution, lower the price to customers -- and you'll likely be sued by your shareholders. Robert Monks, the investment manager, puts it this way: "The corporation is an externalizing machine, in the same way that a shark is a killing machine (shark seeking young woman swimming on the screen). There isn't any question of malevolence or of will. The enterprise has within it, and the shark has within it, those characteristics that enable it to do that for which it was Or as I wrote here:
"[unrev-II] Singularity in twenty to forty years?"
I personally think machine evolution is unstoppable, and the best hope
for humanity is the noble cowardice of creating refugia and trying, like
the duckweed, to create human (and other) life faster than other forces
can destroy it. [Though I now see social networking like p2p as another promising alternative, to interlink with that, where the social network is much stronger is some ways that the individual and can help reign in some negatives, as it maintains a Manuel de Landa Meshworks and Hierarchies balance.]
   Note, I'm not saying machine evolution won't have a human component --
in that sense, a corporation or any bureaucracy is already a separate
machine intelligence, just not a very smart or resilient one. This sense
of the corporation comes out of Langdon Winner's book "Autonomous
Technology: Technics out of control as a theme in political thought".
   You may have a tough time believing this, but Winner makes a convincing
case. He suggests that all successful organizations "reverse-adapt"
their goals and their environment to ensure their continued survival.
   These corporate machine intelligences are already driving for better
machine intelligences -- faster, more efficient, cheaper, and more
resilient. People forget that corporate charters used to be routinely
revoked for behavior outside the immediate public good, and that
corporations were not considered persons until around 1886 (that
decision perhaps being the first major example of a machine using the
political/social process of its own ends).
Corporate charters are granted supposedly because society believe it is
in the best interest of *society* for corporations to exist. ...
Anyway, lots of links have rotted in there. :-(
But the point is, we have created a social organization form (the corporation, one that is immortal and many are very powerful, and which is driven by only fiat dollar numerical "profit" many times) that may exhibit psychopthic behavior. And, through them, we are not creating physical forms, the artificial intelligence, sometimes but not always embodied in a robot, that may also exhibit psychopathic behavior. Corporations and robots have, so far, no friends or family as entities -- in the sense that they are not yet designed to think that way. (Some work on swarm robotics is being done.)
And as one person replied to a question I raised on essentially making smarter corporate sharks with computer technology:
   "[unrev-II] Re: Is "bootstrapping" part of the problem?"
   (Posted twice by that person, so two sets of replies.)
      Paul, I respect your point of view but I do not share it. ...
   Desires, intelligence, values, - rings true, up to a point. But it's sort
of like id, ego, superego. A way of naming and thus discussing something
about mind or personality that seems real to many of us, but not terribly
informative about how we function or could or should function.
   I suggest that if we are affirming values (widely shared or otherwise) we
ought to affirm Respect for Human Autonomy. The idea that one individual may
better determine that individual's needs, wants, and means than another. The
idea that one may be mistaken, especially about other people.
   I believe the evolutionary environment humans have adapted to, is that of
other humans. Hence the skill at detecting cheaters, free riders etc. - as
well as the adulation for those whose exploits demonstrate both a
specialness as an individual and a major contribution to the community as a
whole - success in two major areas of human endeavor. I think our great
teachers refer to this when they talk about harmony, about finding peace as
a part of the whole.
   Another related value: voluntary decisions aren't only more whole-hearted
than compelled ones, they are more likely to be correct for the precise
individual circumstances. Summed over all humanity, these individual
decisions - sometimes competitive, sometimes cooperative, are the
well-spring of progress, both material and moral.
I don't completely agree with that, because it leaves out the issue of how people negotiate to do collective actions, or how they decide some actions are out of bounds, but there is a lot of wisdom there. There were various replies to the point I made. That thread on values and technology is here:
"[unrev-II] Is "bootstrapping" part of the problem?"
That was a great mailing list to be on related to Doug Engelbart's efforts, and I am thankful for a chance to participate on it and learn so much with many very wonderful people. That and the early Squeak list are perhaps my models of healthy p2p communities related to digital tools and surrounding issues. They gave me some hope.
Anyway, these are growing issues in our society, framed as a negative, related to decreasing psychothic behavior:
* How do we get people to have less psychopathic behavior? Abundance of love and good food and sunlight would usually help (even, in the few times, when that love comes through as authority, as per the above article mentions on what works best for developing a conscience in some, not all, kids.)
* How do we get organizations to have less psychopathic behavior? Coming up with better ways to structure their charters and their social/economic surroundings might help, as might be changing the meshworks/hierarchies balance with p2p activities. Even the most benign seeming institutions can have hidden pathologies: (only picking on the UUs as I respect them a lot)
* How do we get the machines and software we build to have less psychopathic behavior? James P. Hogan talks about this in "The Two Faces of Tommorrow". Isaac Asimov talked about it with his "Three Laws of Robotics". Basically, we need to build our ethics into our artifacts. We already do that every day (as Langdon Winner and others talk about) but unfortunately, often in an unconscious or sociopathic way, that often reflects a scarcity ideology (like emphasizing minimum production costs or maximizing fiat dollar revenues or passing external costs to others or ignoring systemic risks). We need Bucky Fuller's (and other's) ideas of a "Comprehensive Anticipatory Design Science".
Like cancer, sociopathic behavior is probably inherent in any system, because part of it depends on perspective. Cancer is basically one cell saying, "I'm just for me, in a different way, and I'm in it for the short term." Sociopathic behavior is similar. But, ultimately, there is the issue of sense of self. How big is a "self"? A gene? A genome? A finger? A thought? A brain? A body? A career? A family? A neighborhood? A network? A world? A universe? Etc. There are many ways to define self.
If we reframe those things above in positive psychology terms, in terms of increasing positive behiviours, they might be:
* How do we get people to have more compassionate and joyful behavior?
* How do we get organizations to have more life-affirming behavior that meets societies unmet needs?
"William C. Norris: Social entrepreneur founder of CDC"
(A businessperson I admire; sadly he died recently. But his legacy lives on.)
* How do we get the machines and software we build to have more helpful and compassionate and life-affirming and joyful and so on behaviors? Do we focus on "friendly AI":
   or do we focus on augmenting human communities?
      With either affirming core human values, as above?
So, you'd be right to question an overly simplistic us/them notion of "sociopath", even beyond formal "diagnosis". But, that still leaves open these deeper questions. Same as researching cancer is ultimately a complex enterprise, involving everything about what it means for a population to live and evolve, so too may be the idea of "sociopath" something that calls to us to think big to understand it, and deal with the situation our current reality calls for in a healthy joyful way. Of course, a sociopath might ask, healthy and joyful for whom? Or anyone else might ask that too. :-)
As a graduate professor (Frank von Hippel) taught in a Woodrow Wilson School course I took (a class my grad department in Civil Engineering and Operations Research did not want me to take, and my taking it anyway was part of what cost me my PhD there), paraphrasing: "Cost benefit analysis involves asking, who pays the costs, and who gets the benefits, accepting that the two groups may not be the same."
Which pretty much sums up big some major big problems in current and historical global politics.
See also:
"Citizen Scientist: Collected Essays of Frank Von Hippel (Masters of Modern In this riveting book about the world of professional work, Jeff Schmidt demonstrates that the workplace is a battleground for the very identity of the individual, as is graduate school, where professionals are trained. He shows that professional work is inherently political, and that professionals are hired to subordinate their own vision and maintain strict ?ideological discipline.? The hidden root of much career dissatisfaction, argues Schmidt, is the professional?s lack of control over the political component of his or her creative work. Many professionals set out to make a contribution to society and add meaning to their lives. Yet our system of professional education and employment abusively inculcates an acceptance of politically subordinate roles in which professionals typically do not make a significant difference, undermining the creative potential of individuals, organizations and even democracy. Schmidt details the battle one must fight to be an independent thinker and to pursue one?s own social vision in today?s corporate society. He shows how an honest reassessment of what it really means to be a professional employee can be remarkably liberating. After reading this brutally frank book, no one who works for a living will ever think the same way about his or her job.
Is our very academia, that which should provide our moral compass, and help guide us to a better world, itself somewhat a psychopathic institution, and one that even turns non-psychopaths into psychopaths? :-(
Schmidt writes essentially about how one of the reasons many academics become so dysfunction is that they are trying, somehow, to make up, through fame or profit or control of others lives, for the trauma most of them were put through in graduate school and the early years of their professional work, where their hopes to make a difference were squashed, and now they are still trying to get something out of all that. :-(
See also:
"[p2p-research] College Daze links (was Re: : FlossedBk, "Free/Libre and Open Source Solutions for Education")"
But with that said, some graduate advisers are great, many grad students are better than I was at advanced calculus, some good percent of academics make very positive contributions either because they had a great graduate experience or despite it, or even because of it. To echo again the words above about kids:
"What causes this lack of empathy? Many ? but not all ? psychopaths were abused or neglected as children. Being treated poorly early on can set up a child to see everyone else as selfish and cruel, causing them to replicate that kind of behavior as a way to cope with a nasty, uncaring world. However, the vast majority of abused and neglected children grow up to be caring, and some are even especially sensitive ? far from psychopathic."
Still, before I celebrate how wonderful grad school is, again, on psychologists, part two of the essay cited above:
"How To Tell If Your Therapist Is Crazy (Part Two)"
As tempting as it is to believe that most mental health workers are wacky and maladjusted, the data tell a different story. For the most part, we seem to be fairly sane. Our downfall, in my sometimes overbearing opinion, is that we have a tendency toward muddled thinking. Our logic chips are frequently on the fritz, and it is our patients who pay the price in time, money, and heartache.
   Consider this example. The case is fictional, but it is based on far too many real situations that I've had the misfortune to witness.
   Sally goes to a psychologist complaining of depression. Ever since her divorce and layoff last year, she just can't get out of her blue funk. Prior to those events, life was grand for Sally. She was happy and surrounded by friends. She believes that the events of last year sent her into depression, and she simply wants to get her life moving again. The psychologist disagrees with Sally's assessment. After several sessions, he concludes that Sally's problem stems from childhood abuse and that she may be suffering from Multiple Personality Disorder.
   Sally thinks she is depressed; the psychologist thinks she is Sybil. Seems illogical to reach that conclusion, doesn't it? Not if you went to graduate school. Reaching that type of conclusion a simple matter of ignoring the facts.
   If the psychologist doesn't believe Sally, if he buys into preconceived notions, or if he believes he knows more about Sally than Sally does, then he is free to reach any conclusion he wishes. It is rarely so egregious, but it happens in smaller ways more often than you might imagine. Brain blockages like this one are important to screen for in choosing a therapist.
What are we to say about a social system like academic and professional psychology that turns people who want to care into dysfunctional or disempowered helpers? Would "psychopathic" be the right word?
Or, if we should never blame on malice what could be attributed to stupidity, should we merely use the term, "dysfunctional"?
At least, there are some examples of functional psychologists out there. Former APA president George A. Miller built and gave away WordNet under a free license.
   Former APA president Martin Seligman has done a lot of good stuff about learned helplessness ani positive psychology:
   Recent APA president Philip Zimbardo has done work on understanding authoritarianism, shyness, and how one's time perspective affects one's life    And there are many other contributions various psychologists of less fame have made to improving or healing the world.
So, not all psychologists are completely dysfunctional. :-)
But, clearly, our entire intellectual system has failed us in many, many ways. Deep and profound ones. As I've outline, we've lost US$100 trillion and untold suffering because academics would not share their information more easily about things like vitamin D deficiency syndrome, its effects, and its cures. And a similar lack of sharing on issues related to psychopathology may have cost the equivalent of quadrillions of US dollars in lost productivity or war cost and war damage (like, where we would be today if Hitler had been able to continue in his original career aspiration as a painter).
We need a substantial reordering of those myths and those priorities in relation to sharing and collaboration.
As Robert Muller suggests:
        The present condition of humanity was best described by the philosopher Gottfried Leibnitz a few hundred years ago when he said that humans would be so occupied with making scientific discoveries in every sector for several centuries that they would not look at the totality. But, he said, someday the proliferation and complexity of our knowledge would become so bewildering that it would be necessary to develop a global, universal, and synthetic view. This is exactly the time and juncture at which we have arrived. It shows in our new preoccupations with what is called 'interdisciplinary', 'global thinking', 'interdependence', and so on. It is all the same phenomenon.
     One of the most useful things humanity could do at this point is to make an honest inventory of what we know. I have suggested to foundations that they ought to bring together the chief editors of the world's main encyclopedias to agree on a common table of contents of human knowledge. But it can be a dangerous idea. Why? Well, when the Frenchman Diderot invented the first encyclopedia, the archbishop of Paris ran to the king of France to have the book burned because it would totally change the existing value system of the Catholic church. If we developed a common index of human knowledge today it would similarly cause a change in our value systems. We would discover that in the whole framework of knowledge the contest between Israel and the Muslims would barely be listed because it is such a small problem in the totality of our preoccupation as a human species. The meeting might have to last several days before the editors would even mention it! This is exactly the point: some people don't want to develop such a framework of knowledge because they want their problem to be the most important problem on earth and go to great lengths to promote that notion.
     So that is what I believe to be most necessary for global security: an ordering of our knowledge at this point in our evolution, a good, honest classification of all we know from the infinitely large to the infinitely small - the cosmos, our planet, humanity, our dreams, our wishes, and so on. We haven't done it yet, but we will have to do it one way or another.
To amplify one point there: "some people don't want to develop such a framework of knowledge". Is that related to "psychopathic behavior"? Or is it just "selfish" with a very small definition for size of self?
But we can still sing anyway:
   "However, he learns in the end that despite his success in stealing all the Christmas presents and decorations from the Whos, Christmas comes just the I never really got that as a kid. :-) But see also:
   "When the cornucopia was brought to the Pilgrims, the Iroquois People sought to assist these Boat People in destroying their fear of scarcity. The Native understanding is that there is always enough for everyone when abundance is shared and when gratitude is given back to the Original Source. The trick was to explain the concept of the Field of Plenty with few mutually understood words or signs. The misunderstanding that sprang from this lack of common language robbed those who came to Turtle Island of a beautiful I'm very glad to see that we are building such abundant knowledge systems stigmergically, whether Wikipedia, Debian GNU/Linux, or many other projects, through the internet. Let's hope we can keep it happening using peer production and other means. Individual contributors may fall by the wayside for whatever reasons (politicians, hurry up with that "basic income" for everyone already :-), but the community will hopefully continue to thrive to the point where we see an extensive transformation, as these newly emerged values and capabilities reflect back on our infrastructure in a life-affirming and compassionate wa. Maybe even, someday, with robots and people playing/working together, like at the end of Wall-E :-)
   "WALL-E Credits"
   Was "Auto" psychopathic in the movie Wall-E? Or was he just just following his directive, like he was built to do...
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-02 13:16:27
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The psychopath as peer? 
Thanks for the great reply.
To amplify on your point:
"The War on the Unexpected"
"We've opened up a new front on the war on terror. It's an attack on the unique, the unorthodox, the unexpected; it's a war on different. If you act different, you might find yourself investigated, questioned, and even arrested -- even if you did nothing wrong, and had no intention of doing anything wrong. The problem is a combination of citizen informants and a CYA attitude among police that results in a knee-jerk escalation of reported Just to note that Jane Jacobs suggests this happens most at intermediate population densities.
* In low density villages or rural areas, everyone knows each other (or used * In very high densities, there are many eyes on the street.
* In middle densities, people are strangers but there are not many people around to be watchful.
Sometimes towns get more dense and then fall apart socially, but that does not prove that cities do not work which are much higher in density. Jane Jacobs also talks about how you can look at certain areas in cities, like edge areas around parks or big certain zones, and see how density issues may make them specifically unsafe. She gives an example of how, in a city, if a kid is being bullied or chased somewhere like in a currently desolate park, they generally go to the crowded streets with shops to seek safety.
Good point. And that connects both with the corporation as psychopathic just doing what it is designed to do in terms of be profitable with limited We also get a disproportionate response to some real problems when a society is fixated on the wrong things. For example, the WTC disaster cost billions of US dollars and thousands of lives, and was a huge tragedy and a crime, but the response, the war in Iraq, is costing trillions of US dollars before it is done and hundreds of thousands of lives (mostly Iraqi lives, directly, true). But trillions of US dollars wasted though means millions of US Americans without health insurance, which is costing tens of thousands of US lives a year though. So, a focus on what have been termed psychopathic terrorists has produced far more suffering in the USA than dealing in other ways with that crime.
Good point.
Good point.
Yes, like Alfie Kohn talks about in relation to celebrating competition:
"Contending that competition in all areas -- school, family, sports and business -- is destructive, and that success so achieved is at the expense of another's failure, Kohn, a correspondent for USA Today, advocates a restructuring of our institutions to replace competition with cooperation. He persuasively demonstrates how the ingrained American myth that competition is the only normal and desirable way of life -- from Little Leagues to the presidency -- is counterproductive, personally and for the national economy, and how psychologically it poisons relationships, fosters anxiety and takes the fun out of work and play. He charges that competition is a learned phenomenon and denies that it builds character and self-esteem. Kohn's measures to encourage cooperation in lieu of competition include promoting noncompetitive games, eliminating scholastic grades and substitution of mutual security for national security."
Interesting hypothesis.
Something to always be aware of...
 > All of which avoid the role of social relations
And even other simple things play a role like nutritional deficiencies and vitamin D deficiencies, that can emerge out of related changes in culture and infrastructure, like spending more time indoors, eating less fish, and so on.
It is some interaction of genes, history, environment, culture, relationships, personal choice, and other factors.
 > Not that switching to social causality necessarily
So, you list these problem/solution areas:
1. connections
2. alienation
3. trauma
4. labeling/distinguishing
Thanks for your great contribution on this subject, to complement Stan's insights as well, to understand this issue better in a broader context.
How would you say peer-to-peer relates to everything you wrote?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-02 13:31:18
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] organic architecture and post-scarcity 
He maybe means nanotech etc., but historically, buildings have grown as needed because the occupants have expanded them as desired. It's only fairly recently with certain architectural forms (skyscrapers, or other complex purchased construction by people without building skills, etc.) and building codes and the idea of "renting" that the occupiers of buildings have lost their ability to adapt them to their needs. Go back a thousand years ago, and except for crowded cities out of room, buildings were expanded as needed.
"Utility fog" is a nanotech idea in that direction of "automatic growth". I know I've seen adaptive buildings to some extent in various sci-fi and speculations here and there. I'm hard pressed for a specific example though. There are bits and pieces lots of places, example:
"Organic Self-Growing House Design"
But that's not exactly what he means.
This may be more like it:
   "Growing rooms, buildings & cities"
   But still not quite.
Those from googling on:
But it still doesn't get at the idea of an aware building adapting itself as needed. That theme does come up though here and there. Usually when you have a huge space ship (Culture series, by Iain Banks) or Space Habitat (Peter F. Hamilton) that are both sentient and friendly.
Here is another search approach:
Which finds stuff like:
We believe the time has come to make the conceptual and practical leap to "adaptive" buildings, which can attune their performance, in real time, to environmental changes.
   The logic is compelling: Buildings with adaptive systems use less energy, offer more occupant comfort, and feature better overall space efficiency than static buildings do.
   The ability to implement adaptive systems stems from a series of technological advances over the last 10 years. Production costs of motorized systems have dropped significantly, and standardization within the automation industry has helped to improve system reliability. Microprocessor technology continues to move in the direction of low cost, low power, small-form-factor design implementations, allowing for a greater distribution of embedded network intelligence. Combining these advances with diverse computational tools, sensors, and environmental modeling allows us to create truly dynamic and responsive environments.
   Together, these technological advances allow us to create buildings that are self-optimizing, rather than merely best-fit compromises.
That is somewhat about changing shape:
"While our adaptive cladding systems focus on the building envelope, ABI's structural systems are designed to provide operable control over a building's shape and structural configuration. Applications include retractable coverings to allow spaces to change from indoor to outdoor, transformation of interior space, and rapidly deployable structures. "
But it is still not the same as growing things.
I'm thinking now on the Tok'Ra of StarGate who grew underground tunnels as needed using mining crystals...
I know there is a lot more out there. It's not something I've really focused on myself. I'd just be happy with plain old sustainable structures. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-02 13:40:10
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Paywalls to Drive Journalists Away in 
"With news organizations struggling and newsroom jobs disappearing, each week brings new calls from writers and editors who believe their employers should save themselves by charging for Internet access. However, in an interesting turnabout, the NY Times reports that Saul Friedman, a journalist for more than 50 years and a columnist for Newsday since 1996, announced last week he was quitting after Newsday decided that non-subscribers to Newsday's print edition will have to pay $5 a week to see much of the site, making it one of the few newspapers in the country to take such a plunge. 'My column has been popular around the country, but now it was really going to be impossible for people outside Long Island to read it,' he says. Friedman, who is 80, said he would continue to write about older people for the site 'Time Goes By'. 'One of the reasons why the NY Times eventually did away with its old "paywall" was that its big name columnists started complaining that fewer and fewer people were reading them,' writes Mike Masnick at Techdirt. 'Newspapers who decide to put up a paywall may find that their best reporters decide to go elsewhere, knowing that locking up their own content isn't a good thing in terms of career advancement.'"
Embedded links:
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-02 13:44:03
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | An Inbox Is Not a Glove Compartment 
To follow up a previous note on this developing story of a US legal ruling relating to email:
Frequent Slashdot contributor Bennett Haselton writes "A federal judge rules that government can obtain access to a person's inbox contents without any notification to the subscriber. The pros and cons of this are complicated, but the decision hinges on the assertion that ISP customers have lowered privacy interests in e-mail because they 'expose to the ISP's employees in the ordinary course of business the contents of their e-mails.' Fortunately for everybody, this is not true ? most ISPs do not allow their employees to read customer e-mails 'in the ordinary course of business' ? but then what are the consequences for the rest of the argument?" Read on for the rest of Bennett's analysis.
   Federal Judge Michael Mosman has ruled that the government can read your e-mails stored with a third-party provider like GMail, without notifying you that a search warrant has been executed (PDF) against your account. (Actually, the judge ruled that there is no "notice" requirement triggered at all, so that in theory, neither GMail nor the subscriber would have to be notified ? but that seems only of theoretical interest, since in practice GMail would have to cooperate in order to execute the warrant, unless the government is planning to have ninjas sneak into their server farm at night. The substantive impact of the ruling is that e-mails can be read without notifying the subscriber.) ...
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-02 15:43:43
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P and Post-scarcity Propaganda 
I agree with the general theme of taking these abstract messages and making them accessible to others. I see there being three ways to do that.
One is to make new media things, like drawings, videos, songs, novels, and (cooperative) games that engage people with these themes. James P. Hogan's "Voyage from Yesteryear" is an example sci-fi novel from 1982, but we need a lot more of them, and ones updated for today. Iain Banks Culture series is another. But we could use a lot more stuff, especially free stuff.
Another is to make better information management tools so that an intelligent and curious person can put the pieces of the puzzle together. I have some ideas I've posted here before, and refined further, in that direction, essentially linking the idea of simulations with collaborative analysis and discussion tools. This is a way, assuming these trends are valid, and the related assumptions and values worthwhile, of letting people figure out for themselves where we have come from, where we are now, and where we are going or at least want to go. And maybe to help invent part of a better future.
The third way is documentaries like these.
I like these videos (having seen only part of the second one). I think I'll like the second a lot better than the first, having seen the beginning.
The first one, Workers of the World Relax, echoes Bob Black's theme line at the end:
"The Abolition of Work" by Bob Black, 1985
"Workers of the world... RELAX!"
instead of the historic "unite".
While I agree in general with it, I have problems with in the first half where it talks about how we can't grow infinitely. and we have been polluting a lot, like in "The Story of Stuff". I think there is a real conceptual problem with their argument, even ignoring how we have had all the basic technology we have needed to expand into space since the 1970s. By the way, I outlined back in August how in theory we could evacuate the Earth and move into space habitats in a few decade crash program with only the loss of a few hundred million lives:
"[p2p-research] Fwd: 20 Theses against green capitalism"
Now, would I suggest we do this? No. Would there be obstacles and so on?
Yes. Would most of humanity go along with this? Probably not, as many people
have an attachment to the land of their birth. Would lots of people die of
heart attacks on the way up? Probably. Would plenty of stuff go wrong and
hundreds of millions of people die (10%? 20%? 90%? 99%?) if this sort of
thing got rushed, like entire habitats and space ships blowing up for stupid
reasons, or there being unforeseen cancer hazards, or there being malicious
computer viruses destroying life support systems, and so on? Almost certainly.
   Would the money be better spent fixing up the Earth first, just from an
ethical perspective? Surely -- maybe the last thing we want is a solar
system filled up with the same kind of people who could not make a good
thing work out on Earth when they had it easily within their technical
grasp. As I say, the best reason to go into space is because we are happy
down on Earth and think it might be fun to have cities in space too. And as
above, I am guessing we could support more than ten times our current
population in urbanized seasteads.
   My point is not that we *should* do any of this evacuation into space, but
that we *could*. It is to suggest that, with a little imagination based on
existing research studies done by NASA (and then buried), the numbers
actually work out (with some handwaving. :-) So, a total evacuation of the
Earth for space could be plausibly done within the lifetime of probably
anybody on this list (even though you might have to go on a starvation diet
for many months, and you'd need to leave everything behind except your
underwear to cut launch costs. :-)
As a proof of concept of making things work on Earth for our current foreseeable population levels in the next hundred years, we can (in theory) use biotech to grow trees and genetically engineered creatures that produce biological computers powered by photosynthesis which compost easily as almost all biological things do. After all, human brains are essentially computers that are compostable. So, in theory, we can have a net zero impact on the environment even with a high tech industry that is based around biological computing. That's not how I'd do it, not being a huge biotech fan, plus worried about sentient biomachines being exploited, but that's just an example. We could do the same with inorganic technology, even if it is harder, as long as we don't have an economy that makes it profitable to pass on external costs like pollution to the community, socializing costs while privatitizing profits. So, if demand is limited, then we will end up in a situation where humanity has negligeable environmental impact, using advanced technology (like Star Trek replicators that can print and recycle solar panels and physical resource extractor units). So, I think there are conceptual problems with the first half of the first documentary.
Here is one such program in progress:
"Sustainable and Lifecycle Information-based Manufacturing"
"The United States needs to prepare for a future where products are 100% recyclable, manufacturing itself has a zero net impact on the environment, and complete disassembly and disposal of a product at its end of life is routine. To document and monitor these changes, US industry will require key resources and methods that will enable it to measure sustainability along several dimensions (such as carbon foot print, energy accounting and recyclability of materials) allowing accurate assessment of status and And as I point out here, demand for personal stuff by healthy humans is ultimately limited, because the best things in life are free or cheap:
"Why limited demand means joblessness (and what to do about it)"
That said, I can agree wholeheartedly with that first movie when it talks about how to shift the equity in terms of what the average worker get. Western Europeans I know seem happier overall, even with ups and down in their lives (deaths in the family, illnesses, career setbacks, and so on, same as anywhere).
I like that scene in the Workers of the World Relax about 80% through where the woman from the Amsterdam (I have relatives there) in the bicycle parking lot gasps being told how much people in the USA work.
What they don't mention is that because benefits are supplied by companies per person, not so much for all through the state. So, there is a big incentive in the USA to get as much as you can out of an employee to the point just before collapse before hiring another.
But ultimately, the answer is probably not enforcing shorter work weeks as much as a "basic income". But I agree with their point about society being better when people have more free time, and Europe's choices being an example of this. And I would agree.
That point is also made here, about a UK that is often more like the USA than the rest of Europe, and both those countries have young people at the bottom of a recent survey on child wellbeing:
"Generation F*cked: How Britain is Eating Its Young"
"?The reason our children?s lives are the worst among economically advanced countries is because we are a poor version of the USA,? he said. ?So the USA comes second from bottom and we follow behind. The age of neo-liberalism, even with the human face that New Labour has given it, cannot stem the tide of the social recession capitalism creates.?"
So, I have trouble with the first half of the documentary (only half agreeing, about the present but not the future), but I really agree with the second half (like the guy at the end who says happiness is not to *have* more, but to *be* more).
Still need to watch the rest of the second video, which is more about themes I've long been interested in, like the ability of groups no do new things. Example from 2001:
   Most people attending this conference want to see space settlement happen. It would be preaching to the converted to speak, for example, about how self-replicating Bernal spheres  (J.D. Bernal, 1928, "The World, the Flesh, and the Devil: Three Enemies of the Rational Soul") might house a trillion humans across the solar system by 3000 AD through exponential growth (making nonsense of projections of limits to growth), or how humanity might terraform Mars over an even longer time period, or of how technological and social spin-offs from space studies might benefit humanity here on Earth in the short term (as they already have). We all know these things. What we are all looking for is ways to collaborate with like-minded individuals in the grand endeavor of space settlement.
   At this moment nearly every engineer on earth has a powerful and globally networked computer in his or her home. Collaborative volunteer efforts are now possible on an unprecedented scale. Moores's Law predicts continued reductions (see for example the writings of Raymond Kurzweil at  or Hans Moravec at  in the cost of bandwidth, storage, CPU power, and displays - which will lead to computers a million times faster, bigger or cheaper in the next few decades. Collaboration software such as for sending email, holding real-time video conferences, and viewing design drawings is also reducing in cost; much of it is now effectively free. This means there are now few technical or high-cost barriers to cooperation among engineers, many of whom even now have in their homes (often merely for game playing reasons) computing power and bandwidth beyond anything available to the best equipped engineers in the 1970s.
   However, the internet is already littered with abandoned collaborative projects. Productive collaboration requires more than technology; it requires the sustained energy of many positive contributions and interactions, which arise from common goals and mutual trust. The refinement of commonly shared purposes and principles takes time and work. Intellectual property licensing is often overlooked, primarily because collaborators would rather be working toward a common goal than arguing legal issues. An appropriate licensing strategy based on a shared purpose and principles helps to build and maintain trust and promote spontaneous participation. But there are many licensing options, each with compelling arguments for its use, making it difficult for collaborators to choose the best licensing strategy for their needs. In the long term, these issues can make or break a collaborative effort. It is our hope that more spontaneous productive collaboration will occur if the entire space-settlement community is better informed on these issues.
Now, that was not very well received in 2001. :-( But I would think that for many people, after seeing the second video, it might seem self-evident. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-02 16:16:02
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P platforms for wide ranging discussions beyond 
I'm sure there are many who would agree with you. Even me. :-) And that one was especially rambling. :-)
Yes, I agree that email is not a very good format for having complex wide ranging discussions, especially ones linked to citations or brining in what other people have said. The trouble is, blogs don't especially solve that problem, even though they do have their role, including bloggers commenting on bloggers (even then, I see posts on other people's blogs like "your blog posts are too long." :-) Neither do web forums address all of that. Google Wave is one step forward there, but is also missing stuff. Same with Google Knol or Wikipedia.
I've tried to work towards improved tools for discussions, or at least the underlying technology, but usually get side tracked discussing things instead.
   "The Pointrel Social Semantic Desktop"
   In any case, what we may need is a better stigmergic platform than wikis or emails or web forums or Google Wave for creating public interlinked knowledge covering a wide variety of interrelated topics from a wide variety of perspectives, especially one that is interlinked with things like real time data acquisition, simulations, and digitized historical records.
On "hand waving" specifically, that's exactly why I do put links and quotes, since often points people make are in effect hand waving, with no links to a larger literature of ideas and experiments and thoughts. Again, though, how to do that well is not worked out well, and should IMHO be the subject of more p2p research. Maybe that is something we can agree on? :-)
Related from:
   "Project Xanadu"
   Project Xanadu is the name for Ted Nelson's hypertext work since 1960.  For the period 1988-92, Project Xanadu was owned by XOC, Inc., which was a subsidiary of Autodesk, Inc., makers of AutoCad(R).  However, Project Xanadu is no longer connected officially with XOC, Inc., or with the software developed there. We foresaw world-wide hypertext, clearly and specifically, even in the sixties when almost nobody could imagine hypertext.  No one else did.  We knew millions of people would want to publish hypertext on computer networks, and assuring this freedom for everyone to publish was always part of the Xanadu vision.  Making it happen was our commitment to freedom. However, contrary to legend, Project Xanadu was NOT trying to create the World Wide Web.  The World Wide Web is precisely what we were trying to PREVENT.  We long ago foresaw the problems of one-way links, links that break (no guaranteed long-term publishing), no way to publish comments, no version management, no rights management.  All these were built into the Xanadu design. That Xanadu design is not dead, just being redefined for today's realities. We were right about the power of world-wide hypertext, as anyone can see.  If only people understood that we were right about the rest of the structure, which is necessary now more than ever.  And we believe that same structure can be rebuilt, even with the Web as it is now.
I'm not endorsing the Xanadu design specifically, just pointing out that people have for decades realized the limits of existing p2p-like technologies, including email, and even before they became widespread.
So, in any case, there is a deeper issue in your post about good forms of p2p tools for complex wide ranging discussions, that it would be great if people could address with better p2p technology (whatever it was, rating, Xanadu transclusion, Engelbart's purple numbers, summary layers, presentation layers, virtual threads, filtering by personal choice of moderators and editors, or whatever).
All the best.
--Paul Fernhout
 > Paul,
 >
 > I do appreciate your enthusiasm, and I appreciate the very broad scope and
 > fuzzy nature of the p2p research group, but it's nearly impossible to
 > explore issues deeply with these sorts of threads.  I consider these
 > large, mostly digressive link-flood replies to be hand-waving that
 > obfuscates any attempt at concise and possibly insightful discussion
 > about issues.
 >
 > It might be worthwhile to consider using a blog for these long,
 > digressive, almost stream-of-consciousness emails, while using the p2p
 > research list to explore one or two very closely-related points in-depth.
 > Until something like that happens, I will have to bow out of replying to
 > these sorts of emails.
 >
 > I only include the list on the reply so that anyone else who feels
 > similarly will know they are not alone.  If I am in the extreme minority,
 > that's fine too.
 >
 > Cheers,
 > -- Stan
 >
 >
 > On Mon, Nov 2, 2009 at 6:53 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <
 >
 >> Stan-
 >>
 >> You are right to be concerned about simple labels, and that's one reason,
 >> as a caveat, I mentioned the idea of moving beyond the paradigm of
 >> "psychopath" to maybe something more useful, someday.
 >> [snip]

@_date: 2009-11-02 22:30:32
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] YouTube - Recycling bin with sound effects makes 
"The world's deepest bin - Thefuntheory.com - Rolighetsteorin.se "
They said it got a lot more trash than a neighboring bin.
Mentions this site:
   "This site is dedicated to the thought that something as simple as fun is the easiest way to change people?s behaviour for the better. Be it for yourself, for the environment, or for something entirely different, the only thing that matters is that it?s change for the better."
Maybe they have been reading Bob Black or Charles Fourier?
In any case, it seems to be a brand awareness campaign for Volkswagen? There is some kind of contest mentioned on that site too, with a prize of 2500 euros: "Find your own evidence for the theory that fun is best way to change behaviour for the better. For yourself, for the environment or something entirely different. Your entries should be presented with a written explanation plus a visualisation of the idea itself. It could be a simple sketch, photos or a film of a prototype. You decide what will do your entry Of course, what they miss is that by making something competitive (the contest with a winner) they may be taking a lot of fun out of things. :-)
"No contest: the case against competition"
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-03 00:05:42
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why p2p internet music funding proposals make no 
Something I wrote today to someone else, but thought I'd post here.
It is common in some countries to have a tax on media or internet to fund musicians. It's been proposed in other countries, even for the USA.
This is the proposal that most seem to agree on and that best solves all the known issues.
   People with broadband Internet connections pay an extra $3-$5 on their bill (the amount is calculated by determining how much money is lost by Internet downloads and dividing it by the number of Internet connections), which is given to the operators of the system ("MiniPay"). (Optionally, a similar charge can be added to other Internet connections, blank media, burners, computers, etc.) In return, they receive a "blinded signature token" that allows them to tell MiniPay what they're listening to without cheating (the token can only be used once) and without knowing who submitted it (the ISP was "blinded" when it gave it out, so they don't which they gave to who). The token is sent to them automatically and electronically and is held onto by their MP3 player (e.g. iTunes).
   Copyright holders, when creating new songs and movies, submit a copy to MiniPay. MiniPay uses an audio/video "fingerprinting" technology to calculate a short number which identifies the song. They store this with information about the copyright holder, so they know who to distribute payments to later.
   Now people surf the Internet, downloading whatever songs they like, however they like, and listening to them. Their MP3 player keeps track of how many times they listen to each song (identified by using the same fingerprinting technology as MiniPay). If they use portable devices, the devices keep track and submit the information back to the MP3 player. If multiple computers share an Internet connection, the computers also share playcount data. At the end of the month, the computer collects all the data and anonymously submits it to MiniPay with the token.
   MiniPay divides up however much the token is worth (the $3-$5 charge less operating expenses) in proportion to how much each song is played. Then it looks at who holds the copyright to each song and deposits the money in their account.
OK, give up some money to musicians, that's OK with me.
Give up privacy as to what is listened to? Very questionable that "anonymous blinded tokens" would really be such. Probably various ways to game that system with stuffing the ballot boxes somehow (mentioned later in the page, I see.)
How do you attribute value to mashups? What of using music in products? What about chilling effects in making similar things? Some deep issues left unaddressed. Some say Jazz could never have been created today, with people learning from each other and building on each other. The chilling effects of copyright would prevent it. Most musicians (the 99%+ who never see the big bucks) lose out from strong copyright because they can't build on each others works the way the old time Jazz musicians could.
Besides, that is just about music. What about software, news, videos, contributions to blogs or comments? Running a web site? And so on?
What about compensating people for making the decision about what musicians to compensate (playing a music critic role)? Why draw an arbitrary line to one type of activity, making original music, and then ignore every other positive contribution people make to the public good in other ways?
Let's say the proposal quoted above was tried. There are 300 million people in the USA, and *all* pay US$5 for a connection, that's US$1.5 billion a month, or US$18 billion a year. How much would go for overhead? That's probably only US$10 billion to artists.
The US government budget is now about US$3 trillion.
The computer sales industry globally is hundreds of billions of dollars or US$10 billion a year is nothing. It is the tail wagging the dog, or even the flea wagging the tail, with all the power media executives have had over Why not just pay US$10 billion out of general tax revenue as grants to people who want to make free stuff? That was done during the 1930s Great Depression. It paid for a lot of art, photography, recordings, and music, some of it public domain.
But then everyone will want that support. So, give it to everyone who asks. What does a musician care if other people get paid to freeload if they get supported enough to do their own art? Then we are back to a basic income.
Besides, is, say, caring for your sister's kid or your sick Mom any less freeloading than making music for the internet? There are lots of implicit assumptions about what is worthwhile here...
Let's examine a basic income in the USA.
About one third of the US GDP of $14.4 trillion could be allocated to a basic income, money coming from general taxes, leasing goverment land and spectrum and other public assets like fishing rights, import/export tariffs, sin taxes (like a US$400 per barrel tax on oil and other carbon sources), and putting money directly into circulation instead of banks creating it via fractional reserve debt.
So, that would be about US$5 trillion / 300 million, which is about US$1400 a month per person, which could replace unemployment, public schools, social security, and so on. With full health insurance thrown in for US$200 a month per person no exceptions (low overhead with single payer plus lots less stress and more free time to help peers be healthy), we reduce this to US$1200 a month cash and free-to-the-user comprehensive health care.
And there is still 2/3 of the GDP for people to compete for if they really think competition is a good way to run a society. So, about US$10 trillion a year of the US economy is paid through labor or interest on capital.
Seems a lot more straightforward than inventing tokens and popularity horseraces and so on just for music, and then maybe doing the same for news, websites, youtube videos, free software etc..
It's true that open source, as a public good, is providing lots of value but getting not enough funding, so this proposal would help fix that without requiring Google and other big companies to fund it all:
   "Open source: Big value, not big money"
      "Google: The open-source savior we deserve"
   Also, why should a musician get compensated on current airplay when their stuff might only be popular in ten years, or even a hundred years, after they are dead? Lots of assumptions there...
Could a US musician live on US$1200 a month per person in his/her family (with full medical care) and devote himself/herself full time to music? Well, let's say he/she has a spouse and two kids. So, he'd/she'd be living on US$4800 a month, which is about the median US income. He/she might homeschool so as to not have to pay tuition to private school for his kids. He/she could devote a lot of time to his music, and maybe his/her spouse could devote time to making free software. It's not living high on the hog to live off of US$57K a year and homeschool two kids, but no doubt they could scrape by. They would only need one car, or might choose to live somewhere they did not need a car at all (it's not like there is a daily commute to "work" or "school").
Note, even "millionaires" might be better off under this plan:
"[p2p-research] Basic income from a millionaire's perspective?"
The current system makes no sense. This sort of music fee is a half-measure, from a narrow point of view. It's like when labor unions create their own private welfare state in a big company and let the rest of the people in the country who are unemployed twist in the wind, while person by person jobs are lost to automation or competition, as happened in Detroit. Media taxes try to be a middle ground, but when an ice flow is splitting in two, being in the middle may just get you dumped in cold water. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-03 08:03:08
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why p2p internet music funding proposals make no 
"A blank media levy was introduced in Canada in 1997, by the addition of Part VII, "Private Copying", to the Canadian Copyright Act . The power to set rates and distribute the returns is vested in the Copyright Board of Canada . The Copyright Board has handed the task of distributing the funds to the Canadian Private Copying Collective , which is a private organisation. The Copyright Board has retained the task of setting the rate of the levy. "
More from:
Australia does not have a private copying levy. Although legislation to create one was passed in 1989, it was declared unconstitutional in Australian Tape Manufacturers Association Ltd v Commonwealth.
[edit] Belgium
In Belgium a fee is charged on both blank media and recording equipment which is passed on to "Auvibel", which is in charge of distributing the funds.
     * Audio
           o Audio recording equipment, such as a tape recorder: 3% of the sales price
           o Integrated audio equipment, such as a Radio-tape recorder or HIFI: 1.5% of the sales price
           o Analogue media, such as an Audio tape: ? 0.10/hour
           o Digital media, such as an Audio CD or Minidisc: ? 0.23/hour
     * Video
           o Video recording equipment, such as a VHS or DVD-Recorder: 3% of the sales price
           o Integrated video equipment, such as a DVD player with video recorder: 1.5% of the sales price
           o Analogue media, such as a video tape: ? 0.10/hour
           o Digital media, such as digital tape (Digital8, DV, etc): ?      * Multimedia
           o blank CD-R, CD-RW: ? 0.12/disc
           o blank DVD-R, DVD+R, etc: ? 0.59/disc
[edit] Canada
A blank media levy was introduced in Canada in 1997, by the addition of Part VIII, "Private Copying", to the Canadian Copyright Act. The power to set rates and to set the distribution allocation is vested in the Copyright Board of Canada. The Copyright Board has handed the task of collecting and distributing the funds to the Canadian Private Copying Collective, which is a non-profit private organization.
In Canada:
     * The levy applies to "blank audio recording media", such as CD-Rs.
     * The levy is paid by importers and manufacturers of such media sold within Canada (and typically passed on to the retailer, and passed on to the      * The levy is collected regardless of the purchaser's end use of the media.
     * The private copying levy is distributed as per the Copyright Board's allocation as: 66% to eligible authors and publishers,18.9% to eligible performers and 15.1% to eligible record companies.
     * The Canadian Private Copying Collective has developed a methodology by which the proceeds are distributed to rights holders based on commercial radio airplay and commercial sales samples, ignoring radio/college airplay and independent record sales not logged by Soundscan. This methodology has been criticized as favouring major-label artists at the expense of the long-tail. As of September 7, 2007 over one hundred million dollars has been      * In conjunction with the levy, the Copyright Act allows individuals to make copies of sound recordings for their own private, non-commercial use. They may not distribute the copy.
     * On December 17, 2004, a Canadian judge ruled that the blank media tax no longer applied to MP3 players such as Apple Inc.'s iPod. Before this, the rates were $2 for players with less than 1 GB of capacity, $15 for players up to 15 GB, and $25 for players 15 GB and over.
     * On 2007-2-12, CPCC asked the Copyright Board of Canada to reintroduce the levy of $5 to $75 into the sale price of MP3 players in Canada.[1] In addition, CPCC also proposed levies of $2 to $10 for memory cards (since withdrawn), 8 cent increases to CD, CD-R Audio, CD-RW Audio and MiniDiscs.[2]
     * On 2007-9, Canadian Recording Industry Association filed lawsuit to Federal Court of Appeal to repeal private copying levy, claiming it legalizes copying for the private use of the person making the copy, regardless of whether the source is non-infringing or not.[3] On 2007-10-26, the court granted CRIA's request to intervene in the private copying/iPod levy judicial review.[4]
     * On 2008-01-11, The Federal Court of Appeal rejected the Copyright Board of Canada's proposed new levy on MP3 players, stating that the board erred in law, ruling that they do not have the regulatory authority to impose such levies. [5]
Canada's current levies are as follows: $0.24 per unit for Audio Cassette tape (40min or longer); $0.21 per unit for CD-R Audio, CD-RW-Audio & MiniDisc; $0.21 per unit for CD-R, CD-RW (non audio). In 2009 the levy on CDs and MiniDiscs will rise to $0.29.[3]
[edit] Finland
It has been said that Finland's blank media fee is one of the highest. As of 2008, the fees are (in Euros):
     * ?0.005/min for analog audio tapes (e.g. ?0.30 for a 60 minute cassette)
     * ?0.0076/min for analog video tapes (e.g. ?1.37 for an E180 tape)
     * ?0.20 per disk for CD and MiniDisc (capacity: up to 1 GB)
     * ?0.60 per disk for DVD, DVD-RAM, DVD-R DL and DVD+R DL (capacity: from 1 GB to 10 GB)
     * ?1.20 per disk for Blu-ray Disc and HD DVD (capacity: over 10 GB to 25 GB)
     * ?1.80 per disk for Blu-ray Disc and HD DVD (capacity: over 25 GB)
     * ?4 to ?21 depending on capacity of digital audio players or personal video recorders.
           o ?4, memory up to 512 MB
           o ?7, over 512 MB to 1 GB
           o ?10, over 1 GB to 20 GB
           o ?12, over 20 GB to 50 GB
           o ?15, over 50 GB to 150 GB
           o ?18, over 150 GB to 250 GB
           o ?21, over 250 GB
There is no levy fee on mobile phones, computers, memory cards, USB memory and 8 cm (3 in) CD/DVD disks.
[edit] Germany
The world's first private copying system was created in Germany in the 1960s. It was a result of earlier successful litigation by GEMA against an audio equipment manufacturer in GEMA v. Grundig.
[edit] Luxembourg
Luxembourg is the only EU member state on the continent without a private copying levy,[4] making it a popular ?copying levy haven? for blank media buyers from countries such as France and Germany.
[edit] Netherlands
In the Netherlands a fee is charged on blank media which is passed on to "Stichting Thuiskopie" (Foundation Homecopy), which is in charge of distributing the funds. Fees for February 17, 2007 until January 1, 2010 are as follows;
     * Data CD-R/RW: ? 0.14 per disc
     * Audio CD-R/RW: ? 0.42 per hour (? 0.52 per 74 minutes)
     * Blank DVD-R/RW: ? 0.60 per 4.7 gigabyte
     * Blank DVD+R/RW: ? 0.40 per 4.7 gigabyte
     * Blank DVD-RAM: exempt
     * Video analog (video tapes): ? 0.33 per hour
     * Audio analog (cassette tapes) ? 0.23 per hour
     * MiniDisc: ? 0.32 per hour
     * HI-MD: ? 1.10 per carrier
[edit] Sweden
In Sweden there is a fee called "privatkopieringsers?ttning" (private copy retribution) earlier called "kassetters?ttning" (cassette tape retribution) on compact cassettes, blank CDs, blank minidiscs and other storage media. The fee is 2.5 ?re (0.025 SEK) per minute of storage for analog media or 0.4 ?re per MB for re-recordable media or 0.25 ?re per MB for write once media. The money collected (224436151 SEK as of 2005) is handled by Copyswede.
[edit] United States
[edit] Audio home recording in general
17 U.S.C. ? 1008, as legislated by the Audio Home Recording Act of 1992, says that non-commercial copying by consumers of digital and analog musical recordings is not copyright infringement. Non-commercial includes such things as resale not in the course of business, perhaps of normal use working copies which are no longer wanted. It's unlikely to include resale of copies in bulk and Napster tried to use the Section 1008 defense but was rejected because it was a business.
 From House Report No. 102-873(I), September 17, 1992: "In the case of home taping, the [Section 1008] exemption protects all noncommercial copying by consumers of digital and analog musical recordings" .
 From House Report No. 102-780(I), August 4, 1992: "In short, the reported legislation [Section 1008] would clearly establish that consumers cannot be sued for making analog or digital audio copies for private noncommercial use".
The United States music industry[citation needed] administers the Audio Home Recording Act and foreign hometaping royalties for artists on US sound recordings as well as US record labels. These royalties are administered by The Alliance of Artists and Recording Companies for featured artists and copyright owners, ASCAP/BMI/SESAC for writers, and Harry Fox Agency for publishers. AFM and AFTRA also contribute to retrieving foreign funds.
[edit] Blank music CDs and recorders
17 U.S.C. ? 1008 bars copyright infringement action and 17 U.S.C. [ ? 1003] provides for a royalty of 3% of the initial transfer price. The royalty rate in Section 1004 was established by the Fairness in Music Licensing Act of 1998. This only applies to CDs which are labeled and sold for music use; they do not apply to blank computer CDs, even though they can be (and often are) used to record or "burn" music from the computer to CD. A similar royalty applies to stand-alone CD recorders, but not to CD burners used with computers.
Thanks to a precedent established in a 1998 lawsuit involving the Rio PMP300 player, MP3 players are deemed "computer peripherals" and are not subject to a royalty of this type in the U.S.
On a national internet tax, you'd be right to say I'm wrong. :-)
More on this, showing that US states tax internet access:
   "From the inception of the Internet until the late 1990s, the Internet was free of regulation by government in the United States at all levels, and also free of any specially targeted tax levies, duties, imposts, or license fees.[citation needed] By 1996, however, that began to change, as several U.S. states and municipalities began to see Internet services as a potential source of tax revenue. The 1998 Internet Tax Freedom Act halted the expansion of direct taxation of the Internet, grandfathering existing taxes in ten states. ... Under the grandfather clause included in the Internet Tax Freedom Act, Texas is currently collecting a tax on Internet access charges over $25.00 per month."
But I don't see that any of that tax money goes directly to musicians.
More recent US attempts to tax the internet:
"La. House Backs 15-Cent Charge on Internet Access "
"BATON ROUGE, La. -- A 15-cent monthly surcharge should be levied on Internet access across Louisiana to fight online criminal activity, the House voted 81-9 Thursday, over the opposition of Gov. Bobby Jindal. ... While White called it a usage fee, opponents called the charge a tax on Internet access. They also have questioned whether it would violate a federal law that prohibits states from taxing Internet services and would be challenged in court. ..."
But again, not directly for music.
I thought France had one, but it was just proposed and not for only music:
"President Nicolas Sarkozy confirmed Wednesday his government will tax Internet and telephone providers to offset lost revenue after it scraps advertising on French public television next year. Speaking after receiving a parliamentary report on the plans, which he first floated early this year, Sarkozy confirmed advertising would be stopped on all France Televisions channels after 8:00 pm from January. Advertising would be scrapped altogether by the end of 2011. New taxes on telephone operators as well as a levy on additional private television advertising revenue -- expected to mechanically increase -- would be brought in to compensate for the lost funds, Sarkozy told a press conference."
And people don't like the idea:
"EU telecommunications director not solidly behind Internet tax"
     ?I believe the taxation of the new technology might not be the right way in order to arrive at the goal of seamless use of new communication by all citizens,? Reding said during an interview. She characterized Sarkozy?s proposal as ?the beginning, not the end of the discussion.?
     There has been a wide range of reaction to Sarkozy?s unprecedented proposal, part of a plan to use the new revenue to counterbalance a ban on advertising on French public broadcasters. Reding has been unexpectedly successful in moving her pro-consumer proposals through the political process, much to the dismay of many of the largest telecommunications companies in Europe. Withholding her support for what could amount to another cost to the industry should allay some corporate anxiety.
Still, this is indirectly a music industry subsidy: :-(
"France approves broadside to digital pirates"
PARIS (AFP) - ? France will send out the first warnings to digital pirates early next year after passing tough legislation allowing for Internet access to be cut for those who illegally download movies and music, a minister said. The Constitutional Court passed the law on Thursday to the joy of President Nicolas Sarkozy and anger of Internet libertarians in France and other countries which are considering copying the French example.
   Culture Minister Frederic Mitterrand said the members of a watchdog to oversee application of the digital clampdown would be named in November and the first warnings would go out "from the start of 2010."
   The law sets up an agency that will send out an email warning to people found to be illegally downloading films or music.
   A written warning is sent if a second offence is registered in six months and after a third, a judge will be able to order a one-year Internet rights suspension or a fine.
   Mitterrand called the law an "innovative and educational mechanism to prevent piracy".
   Sarkozy said: "France now has a very innovative system to protect the rights of authors, artists and their partners in the Internet universe.
Maybe more of the sort of thing for the origins of my mistaken recollection:
Musicians themselves may just be crazy, but the music labels are dangerously stupid, and need to be stopped before they can do any further damage to the music industry. Case in point: Warner Music, fully aware that the days of charging for recorded music are coming to an end, is now pushing for a music tax. This isn?t the first time someone has called for a music tax. Peter Jenner argued for it in Europe in 2006. Trent Reznor said the same thing last year (as did the Songwriters Association of Canada). Mathew Ingram has other examples. But Warner Music is doing more than just talking about a music tax. They?ve hired industry veteran Jim Griffin to create a new entity that would create a pool of money from user fees to be distributed to artists and copyright holders. Lawsuits against their customers aren?t working (The RIAA sent out 5,400 letters in the last year, says Portfolio, settling with 2,300 of those individuals and suing 2,465 who didn?t respond). The goal? $5 per month from everyone, or fees of $20 billion per year. That?s double the current size of the recorded music industry ($10 Other related points:
"And what if such a fee is instituted ? what about the movie companies, and other media companies? What about photographers? And what about the billions of dollars in software that is pirated online? After you add all the fees for those content creators, we?ll all be paying $100 for our Internet access (which of course the ISPs have started filtering and shaping because of all the downloading). And then there?s the goat rodeo that would be involved in figuring out who gets the money collected. Or maybe we could just let the ISPs and the music labels work all that out ? I?m sure they would do it fairly, right? ... Comment: Of course, Canadians already pay for the CBC through their income taxes regardless of whether they watch or listen to it, so it's not like this is unprecedented. The difference is that the CBC is a crown-corporation, so we're subsidizing salaries of performers and producers, not a for-profit business entity. ..."
License fees are being built into US universities related to internet access for students, but it is still an ongoing negotiation, and somewhat "voluntary" under threat of lawsuits; examples:
"As we've discussed previously, Choruss is the name of the new entity, backed by three major record labels, that is interested in granting blanket licenses to universities (and someday residential ISPs) to authorize the music swapping (on P2P and otherwise) that has become a fact of digital life. As a big fan of voluntary collective licensing,
EFF is following the development of Choruss closely and with great hopes. At the same time, there are many devils in the details."
"Tens Of Thousands Of Students Have Signed Up For Choruss... Even Though No One Knows What It Is?"
"Choruss: legal file sharing on campus"
"Online music at UC: Berkeley students offered low fees for Rhapsody list"
But signing up for Rhapsody and Choruss is still not the same as a national internet tax.
The BBC has a television tax that pays for the development of new media (some with music), but it's not an internet tax.
   I had thought the UK had more, but it is just proposed:
"Digital Britain: A tax, a quango and ISP snooping"
"First things first. The purpose of the new ISP tax, according to the review, is "to fund... a new approach to civil enforcement of copyright". Note the emphasis on enforcement. The purpose of this, Carter suggests, is to "cover the need for innovative legitimate services to meet consumer demand, and education and information". There's no explanation as to why the private sector can't come up with innovative legitimate services by itself. We know it can - and one such game-changing service which legalised P2P file sharing was weeks away from launch before being scuppered by two major record labels last week. But perhaps we now have an an explanation for why Virgin Music Unlimited didn't make it to market - it would jeopardise the education and information programs some in the music business see as of paramount importance."
Sorry, I misremembered the French initiative and some others, and in the context of knowing about physical media fees, I thought this was farther along than it was. I should not have lumped the two together (media fees, which there are some that go directly to music, and internet tax fees, which there are some but not directly towards music). My mistake to overgeneralize there. Glad you are so knowledgeable to catch my errors, especially about Europe. :-)
Hope this is not distracting you from the ongoing conference. Thanks.
And thanks for your other note on styles. :-)
=== back to the main point
Others have posted why a "music tax" is bad, but they mostly revolve around allocation of royalties (which was only one of my points):
"Why A Music Tax Is A Bad Idea"
"Debunking The Idea Of A Music Tax For The Creation Of New Music"
But as above by Mathew Ingram, some people talk about how a tax just for music is unfair in the sense of all the other media people use (pictures, programs, etc.). But usually it is in the context of reimbursing for copyright infringement. As I see it, why should musicians or other artists or programmers get reimbursed from a general tax just because they want money for access to their works? Why should not all creators, even those who give stuff away, get part of it?
The issue should not be about a legal shakedown for those who want to make money from rents on copyrights, as much as being about sending money to create the self-directed free time so people can create value for society. Still, then why stop at online music and digital works, and why discount things like child raising or helping sick neighbors? Why is helping make some new music more worthy of reimbursement that helping make a new person? A basic income is fairer in that case.
There are many ways to fund one, but conceptually, one could just tax 33% of all income to provide a basic income for everyone (so, one third of the GDP goes to every person in the country, evenly distributed, with two thirds left for market competition related reimbursement), and many of these issues go away. :-) Programmers can program. Mimes can mime. Parents can parent. Neighbors can neighbor. Reporters can report. Musicians can music. :-) And so on. :-) And the people who do have extra money to spend by not being satisfied with a "basic income" don't have to spend their extra money on a lot of digital stuff they would now get for free (music, videos, art, news, programs, blueprints, recipes, etc.), as well as some other things (mime, live music, child care help by friendly neighbors, etc.) so even they may come out ahead through all these new public goods as we see the end of various forms of artificial scarcity.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-03 08:57:12
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: request: best readings on P2P energy? 
Here are two links to online books to start with, not P2P directly, but about renewables and how people would switch to them if there was a level playing field and full accounting for externalities:
"Brittle Power" (from the 1980s but just as relevant as ever)
   "Brittle Power: Energy Strategy for National Security is a 1982 book by Amory B. Lovins and L. Hunter Lovins, prepared originally as a Pentagon study, and re-released in 2001 following the September 11 attacks. The book argues that domestic energy infrastructure is very vulnerable to disruption, by accident or malice, often even more so than imported oil. According to the authors, a resilient energy system is feasible, costs less, works better, is favoured in the market, but is rejected by U.S. policy.[1] In the preface to the 2001 edition, Lovins explains that these themes are still very current. [2]"
And Lester Brown's work:
   "Plan B 3.0: Mobilizing to Save Civilization"
   "Over the last few decades, the world has accumulated a growing number of unresolved problems, including those just mentioned. As the stresses from these unresolved problems accumulate, weaker governments are beginning to break down, leading to what are now commonly referred to as failing states. Failing states are an early sign of a failing civilization. The countries at the top of the lengthening list of failing states are not particularly surprising. They include, for example, Iraq, Sudan, Somalia, Chad, Afghanistan, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Haiti. And the list grows longer each year, raising a disturbing question: How many failing states will it take before civilization itself fails? No one knows the answer, but it is a question we must ask. 12"
I've read the first (years ago in grad school, it is the basis for a lot of my thinking on sustainability and security) but I've only glanced at a few parts of the second.
I'd suggest anyone who wants to be an expert in this area read both, and then think about how P2P fits into the issues outlined.
Energy policy and security issues go hand in hand in our society.
In general, I'd suggest keeping in mind the issues of:
* intrinsic (resilient) security vs. extrinsic (brittle) security
(The above two books.)
* Morton Deutsch's mutual security vs. unilateral security
(Example here:
 )
And I like Julian Simon's work on the human imagination as the ultimate resource, even if there are parts one might disagree with:
"[p2p-research] Beyond Julian Simon; a meta failure of free markets as labor value declines"
 Essentially, the more healthy people who are free to act, and have some resources including access to tools and information, the more solutions people come up with to make the world a healthier and more secure place.
So, one can look at this energy issue in terms of peer-to-peer security. Don't let those people building ironic high-tech weapons take all the "security" high ground. Those weapons are ironic because the same technology going into extrinsic unilateral security through building nuclear missiles and military robots could be used to build a sustainable and intrinsically mutually secure future for us all. And the same time spent turning people into soldiers in schools and the military could be producing free citizens who have time for producing really secure infrastructure instead. But our society is stuck in a 1800s Prussian model of national security that has already lead to two global wars.
   The same people have produced the doctrine of "Mutually Assured Destruction" and related weapons to keep all of us "secure". :-(
Freeman Dyson talks in "Weapons and Hope" how nuclear weapons are a moral evil, like slavery:
That may be true, but as a strategy for change, it has not worked.
Economically, spending so much money on such weapons systems is also "stupid". The entire USA is currently terrorized by the thought of just one nuclear bomb going off in the country. So obviously deterrence can work with a handful of nuclear missiles, not tens of thousands of missile. Each extra weapon beyond a handful just wastes money and poses a hazard to US citizens including soldiers, in terms of accident and pollution. Example of an accident that could have wiped out a big chunk of the USA a couple years ago:
   "Westa assumed command of Minot in October 2007, replacing his predecessor after a B-52 bomber was unintentionally loaded with six nuclear-armed cruise missiles that were then flown to Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana (see GSN, Oct. 24, 2007)."
But, because war is a racket, no one wants to know that we don't need all that stuff to be "secure enough":
   So, besides appealing to conscience, appealing to intelligence (military and economic) has not worked, either. :-(
So, I'm saying, besides being immoral, and stupid, current policies are *ironic*. :-)
"There are three things which are real:
God, human folly, and laughter.
The first two are beyond our comprehension.
So we must do what we can with the third." (John F. Kennedy)
Maybe humor will succeed where conscience and intelligence has failed. :-)
Or, maybe all three together will do the job. :-)
So, I'd suggest read the above, and then starting thinking about how it is all really funny in an ironic way, our current situation. Kind of like a whole village of people dying of thirst, fighting over one last canteen of water, using firefighter-style water cannons taking water by an expensively maintained pipeline from a nearby freshwater lake. That's the current state of our world, IMHO. :-) Or rather: :-( See also:
"No contest: the case against competition"
Our current energy situation includes national security issues in relation to oil. We power US aircraft carriers and submarines guarding the oil-filled Persian Gulf with nuclear reactors (not that I'm a big nuclear fan). We power our land based nuclear missile silos (to attack the USSR if they move in to take the oil) by solar panels. All totally ironic. :-( And then we are building advanced military robots that can be controlled across the globe through a global communications network to fight over wealth and assassinate individuals and otherwise blow up children in Pakistan, instead of using the robots to build wealth and help take care of children, or use the communications network to build peace and shared understandings. Again, completely ironic. :-(
As a comedian (Brett Leake) suggested to me last year at a humor conference:
   * state the problem -- we currently have limited resources;
* restate the problem in an ironic way -- we are spending vast amounts of time and money and resources to build a military apparatus and bureaucracy (DRM, RIAA, patent fights) to enforce ways of rationing scarce resources;
* draw out the irony -- if we put as much energy into solving our resource problems as in preparing to fight over them, we would not have any major resource problems. :-)
Examples of people choosing a different route:
    (solar)
    (nuclear)
Related irony: it takes more electricity to refine a gallon of gasoline than it would take to make an electric car go the same distance. If we switched to using electric cars, we would use less electricity. Now, isn't that ironic? :-) But a certain few people would have less centralized control over our lives and get less rent, so we don't do that.
   So, I'd suggest, a healthy amount of irony might help in the analysis. :-)
See also, from 1979, just before the USA and the world took a wrong turn that has lasted thirty years going down the wrong road:
   "Primary Sources: The "Crisis of Confidence" Speech by Jimmy Carter"
   We are at a turning point in our history. There are two paths to choose. One is a path I've warned about tonight, the path that leads to fragmentation and self-interest. Down that road lies a mistaken idea of freedom, the right to grasp for ourselves some advantage over others. That path would be one of constant conflict between narrow interests ending in chaos and immobility. It is a certain route to failure.
   All the traditions of our past, all the lessons of our heritage, all the promises of our future point to another path, the path of common purpose and the restoration of American values. That path leads to true freedom for our nation and ourselves. We can take the first steps down that path as we begin to solve our energy problem.
   Energy will be the immediate test of our ability to unite this nation, and it can also be the standard around which we rally. On the battlefield of energy we can win for our nation a new confidence, and we can seize control again of our common destiny.
Again, some irony:
"America will always do the right thing, but only after exhausting all other Other primary resources for peer production of energy can be found here:
Or many other places. I just like that magazine as they've been plugging away for a long time. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-03 10:29:15
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | EU Wants To Redefine "Closed" As "Nearly 
This builds on what Ryan posted on November 2nd:
"[p2p-research] Policies on Drugs, Open Standards and Web Accessibility"
"Slashdot | EU Wants To Redefine "Closed" As "Nearly Open"?"
"A leaked copy (PDF) of Version 2 of the European Interoperability Framework replaces a requirement in Version 1 for carefully-defined open standards by one for a more general 'openness': 'the willingness of persons, organizations or other members of a community of interest to share knowledge and to stimulate debate within that community of interest.' It also defines an 'openness continuum' that includes 'non-documented, proprietary specifications, proprietary software and the reluctance or resistance to reuse solutions, i.e. the "not invented here" syndrome.' Looks like 'closed' is the new 'open' in the EU."
 From and embedded link:
The European Interoperability Framework (EIF) is an important document produced by the ?Interoperable delivery of pan-European eGovernment services to public administrations, businesses and citizens? (IDABC) for the European Union. Version 1 came out in 2004, and since then battles have raged over how Version 2 would address the issue of ?openness?. Judging by a leaked version of the near-final result, it looks like the lobbyists acting on the behalf of closed-source software houses have won.  ...
   But it gets worse: not content with totally eliminating the concrete definitions of open standards in Version 1, Version 2 then goes on to re-define ?closed? as just another shade of openness, but without any of the openness: "
   "There are varying degrees of openness. Specifications, software and software development methods that promote collaboration and the results of which can freely be accessed, reused and shared are considered open and lie at one end of the spectrum while non-documented, proprietary specifications, proprietary software and the reluctance or resistance to reuse solutions, i.e. the "not invented here" syndrome, lie at the other end. The spectrum of approaches that lies between these two extremes can be called the openness    Got that? ?Closed? lies at one end of the *open* spectrum, which conveniently means we can *include* closed solutions in the interoperability framework because they are part of that continuum. Indeed, Version 2 goes on to say: "While there is a correlation between openness and interoperability, it is also true that interoperability can be obtained without openness, for example via homogeneity of the ICT systems, which implies that all partners use, or agree to use, the same solution to implement a European Public Service." ...
   According to this line of thinking, if everyone were forced to use Microsoft Word for document interchange, then that would provide interoperability. Except that it wouldn't, because interoperability implies at least two *different* things are are operating together: self-interoperability is trivial. Version 2's ?homogeneity? is better described as a monopoly and a monoculture ? and the last two decades have taught just how dangerous those are.  ...
Note: Some comments think that article overstates the case. In general, there are lots of interesting comments, and the "European Interoperability Framework" itself is relevant to P2P trends in any case.
One aspect of the new change, to talk about a continuum of openness, may be a little more like what Michel sometimes talks about here as far as a range of possible economic systems and letting the open ones outcompete the closed ones. However, that's still different from setting public policy about document standards, which may consider the public interest more strongly than a business might.
As purely descriptive thing, it seems talking about a continuum is accurate. Then one can talk about where one wants to be on the continuum.
Still, I feel the article is accurate in sentiment in the sense that the political effect of that is to make it seem like it might be reasonable to "compromise" in the middle. Sometimes compromise in the middle makes sense. Sometimes it does not. At some point, like Ralph Nader suggests in another context, "You Do Not Cut Deals with the System that Has to Be Replaced".
   Even investors are starting to get this in a big way now, see an investor's guide to open source:
Also related:
"Most Influential People In Open Source" (from a business person's perspective)
"Open source: Big value, not big money"
"Google: The open-source savior we deserve"
"What Does Half of the Fortune 100 do when their Proprietary Software Dies?"
"R.I.P., open-source evangelism"
"We have reached a critical inflection point for open source.m With everyone from Qualcomm to UBS to Microsoft embracing open source in one shape or another, the question is no longer "why" to use open source, but rather "how." Because of this changing mindset around open-source adoption, we no longer need evangelists encouraging open-source adoption. Adoption is a given. It's the default. No, what we need now are those that can illustrate how to derive the most benefit from the inevitable adoption of open source."
So, this provisional draft attempt to "compromise" on open standards (which is weaker that open source) seems even somewhat at odds with emerging business realities.
Of course, I think these are all ludicrous half-measures, given other structural economic changes related to automation and better design (like a basic income). To think people are still fighting over open standards when this sort of technology is getting ready to come out of the lab and will get rid of entire ranges of jobs:
"High-Speed Robot Hand Demonstrates Dexterity and Skillful Manipulation"
Imagine linking that high speed technology with situational awareness, indoors:
   "Home Assistance Robot"
   and outdoors:
   "Nova: The Great Robot Race"
   I worked in the labs of two of the competitors there in the 1980s, both PU related. One was the lab of Red Whitaker, a PU alumnus, volunteering/visiting in his CMU lab (and also Hans Moravec's, but Red's had more people and camraderie). I stepped a few times in the first ALVAN as they were building the first one twenty five years ago, which is maybe part of why I take this more seriously, because I was there and have seen the evolution of these systems. The other is Alain Kornhauser, a professor whose robot lab I managed and actually was a tiny bit involved with discussions of robot car navigation back then. It was partly in response to my time at CMU that I ultimately picked a different career path, like focusing on helping people learn to grow their own food, or working towards sustainability issues and global security issues. That was in part from the fear (a bad motivation, true, compared to more positive ones like joy) that these smart guys at CMU were smart enough to make robots that could wipe us all out, but not smart enough to figure out a way to avoid that. :-( Well, twenty five or so years late, I can see the ways to do something better with advanced technology to make the world a better place for everyone (even the robots), as can many people on this list and elsewhere who are doing all sorts of related good things. Paul Hawken documents some of it here:
   So, compared to talking about serious exponentially increasing changes happening due to Moore's law and robotics and better design and so on, arguing about how "closed" or "open" public information standards should be seems very old fashioned and behind the times to me. Laughable, if it were not so serious.
But give it time. Five years is a factor of ten in computing power by Moore's law (roughly) at the same cost. Ten years is a factor of ten times ten, or one hundred. By 2019, with self-driving vehicles showing up everywhere (GM has already predicted them for their own product lines), and household robots finally becoming a big thing (people already have Roombas, but better ones that can do more), people will at least be talking about these issues when the objects are more than curiosities on TV.
As I see it, the reason to win this argument over open standards is to set the stage for those other arguments down the road. We need to be developing a technological infrastructure that reflects our best public values and virtues. Do you want you household robots and cars, with core technologies mostly designed by researchers getting public dollars, to be open or closed, as far as your ability to view the source code of what they do and adapt them to your needs? Or more likely, ask others to adapt them to your needs? It will be hard to develop a healthy human and robot co-evolution and symbiosis even with open systems; but with proprietary systems, managed by a few to maximize profits and rents, it would much more likely be impossible, The recent financial meltdown happened in part because financial corporations, with vast amounts of money to spend on forecasters and smart people, were unable to deal with the systemic risk they created.
Greenspan has admitted this:
"Greenspan Destroys Deregulation in 16 Seconds"
"Greenspan Says I Still Don't Fully Understand What Happened"
Are we going to let the same sorts of people set the standards for public internet and robotics software for their own private gain, advocating "nearly open" (read "closed") solutions because they can get rents from them?
For just one example, given every robot will probably have cameras, multiply a current privacy issue about baby monitors by every home and street corner in the world, if you don't know what your household robots do with the information they process:
   "Man Sues Over Leaky Baby Monitor"
   So, here is a step beyond the current open/closed controversy, to the next controversy to come, from something I wrote around 2001 to the Markle Consider again the self-driving cars mentioned earlier which now cruise some streets in small numbers. The software "intelligence" doing the driving was primarily developed by public money given to universities, which generally own the copyrights and patents as the contractors. Obviously there are related scientific publications, but in practice these fail to do justice to the complexity of such systems. The truest physical representation of the knowledge learned by such work is the codebase plus email discussions of it (plus what developers carry in their heads).
   We are about to see the emergence of companies licensing that publicly funded software and selling modified versions of such software as proprietary products. There will eventually be hundreds or thousands of paid automotive software engineers working on such software no matter how it is funded, because there will be great value in having such self-driving vehicles given the result of America's horrendous urban planning policies leaving the car as generally the most efficient means of transport in the suburb. The question is, will the results of the work be open for inspection and contribution by the public? Essentially, will those engineers and their employers be "owners" of the software, or will they instead be "stewards" of a larger free and open community development process? ...
   Decisions on how this public intellectual property related to automotive intelligence will be handled will affect the health and safety of every American and later everyone in any developed country. Either way, the automotive software engineers and their employers will do well financially (for example, one might still buy a Volvo because their software engineers are better and they do more thorough testing of configurations). But which way will the public be better off:
* totally dependent on proprietary intelligences under the hoods of
their cars which they have no way of understanding,
or instead
* with ways to verify what those intelligences do, understand how they operate, and make contributions when they can so such automotive intelligences serve humane purposes better?
So, this EU openness issue is a tip of a much larger post-scarcity iceberg, IMHO. :-)
   "Wikipedia. GNU/Linux. WordNet. Google. These things were not on the visible horizon to most of us even as little as twenty years ago. Now they have remade huge aspects of how we live. Are these free-to-the-user informational products and services all there is to be on the internet or are they the tip of a metaphorical iceberg of free stuff and free services that is heading our way? Or even, via projects like the RepRap 3D printer under development, are free physical objects someday heading into our homes? If a "post-scarcity" iceberg is coming, are our older scarcity-oriented social institutions prepared to survive it? Or like the Titanic, will these social institutions sink once the full force of the iceberg contacts them? And will they start taking on water even if just dinged by little chunks of sea ice like the cheap $100 laptops that are ahead of the main iceberg? "
I hope the Media Ecology workshop has gone well. Sorry it did not seem feasible for me to go there. I feel a little peppier these days then when I made that decision. Maybe it is the Vitamin D? :-) An important thing for people to know who spent lots of time indoors working on free software and free content:
      --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-03 19:29:43
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] YouTube - Symphony of Science - 'We Are All 
"YouTube - Symphony of Science - 'We Are All Connected' (ft. Sagan, Feynman, deGrasse Tyson & Bill Nye)"
   We Are All Connected" was made from sampling Carl Sagan's Cosmos, The History Channel's Universe series, Richard Feynman's 1983 interviews, Neil deGrasse Tyson's cosmic sermon, and Bill Nye's Eyes of Nye Series, plus added visuals from The Elegant Universe (NOVA), Stephen Hawking's Universe, Cosmos, the Powers of 10, and more. It is a tribute to great minds of science, intended to spread scientific knowledge and philosophy through the medium of music. Check out "A Glorious Dawn" by Carl Sagan, another Symphony of Science project! Mentioned here:
What's interesting about this from a p2p perspective, beyond some of the content and even the title, is that it is a mashup that otherwise might be prevented by overly restrictive copyright law.
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-04 08:00:51
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The psychopath as peer? (redirecting to other 
See also the other thread I started here:
"[p2p-research] P2P platforms for wide ranging discussions beyond email? (was Re: The psychopath as peer?)"
Stan was not saying I should put stuff on the P2P blog' as I read it; he was suggesting I have a separate personal blog. And that is not the first time someone has made that suggestion; there's certainly a lot of truth to what Sam points out, as I write in the above linked post. But in general, as I say there, I think we need even better P2P communications tools than what we have. So, that is a way to take his point "meta" in a topical way. :-)
--Paul Fernhout
Two sort of blogs, where I sometimes take occasional posts here and elsewhere and rework them: :-)

@_date: 2009-11-04 14:47:17
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Biofilms and p2p 
This applies to p2p if you squint at it just right: :-)
   "Biofilms || kuro5hin.org"
   ... Planktonic bacteria spend a lot of time evading. They move away from toxic environments like pH or osmolarity changes. They move away from hunting phagocytes like amoeba and neutrophils. They often have trouble finding a nice, stable and safe environment to settle down in. They solve this problem by creating a nice stable and safe environment to settle down in. They make biofilms.
   That lone planktonic bacterium makes a class of seemingly useless compounds, the quorum sensing molecules (QS). For the most part, these are n-acyl homoserine lactones (AHSL), small nonpeptide molecules. Simple guys, a 5-member ring on one end, a short chain of carbons with a carbonyl or two hanging off it. Simple bugs, simple signals.
   QS are part of an autoinducer loop; the bacterium talking to itself. Normally, this doesn't do anything, because the molecules simply diffuse away before they can reach a level high enough to trigger any kind of response. Selection dictates that these things have a purpose, though. ...
   Anyway, Phil and Phil Jr both make AHSL. For you math whizzes out there, that's doubling the rate at which AHSL is made. Unfortunately, this just means they diffuse away even faster, reducing the increase. But the increase is there. Phil Jr strives for the dream, just as Phil does the same, for a second time. Meet Phil III & IV. Eat, divide, repeat. Meet Phil V-CCLVI. Hey...that QS level has gone up a bit. Phil has become PHIL. PHIL is talking to himself, and for the first time, diffusion isn't silencing him. ...
   OK, enough with the anthropomorphic prokaryotes. We now have the makings of a biofilm. QS molecules like AHSL have reached a respectable concentration, and signaling has begun. New genes are turned on, and new behaviors kick in. Flagella go away. New types of pilli form. Each cell begins to crank out proteins, thick, gooey carbohydrates, and DNA, which come together to form a sticky coat around each bacterium. Due to their proximity, these thick, gooey coats merge, and grow. Other proteins are made. Beta-lactamases to protect against incursions of fungus, catalase to fend off superoxides in the environment, proteases to chew up anything near the biofilm to make more room to grow. New properties arise. After a time, the bacteria have made a viscous liquid surrounding them, a glob of slime in your drain, the black goo in your trap, or the yellowish slick on your teeth. It's not really a solid and it's not really a liquid. Think snot or the watery phlegm that you cough up when you have the flu. It's actually very similar stuff.
   After a while, you have millions of bacteria, all living in and as a single biofilm. At first, the film is a fairly homogenous hydrogel, a water trapping 3-dimensional mesh. This mesh impedes normal diffusion, greatly reducing the rate at which molecules can move in or out of the biofilm. Inside, QS concentration accumulates, and the rising rate causes further changes (the mechanisms of which are not fully understood). The biofilm now no longer has to evade. It can control the pH inside itself by regulating H+ export. It can regulate ion and osmotic gradients by sequestering and pumping ions around. It avoid being eaten by roving phagocytes by sheer size; biofilms can be large. They can grow from a few bacteria that barely affect the turbidity of a test tube full of media to a visible, tangible thing you can actually pick up with your fingers after only a night of growth.
   It's easy to see why these are thought of as the precursors to multicellular life, they are multicellular life. It's practically an organism. As the biofilm develops, it even develops organs of a sort; fruiting bodies. Small pockets will form inside the biofilm, pockets devoid of the carbohydrate/protein/DNA scaffolding that makes the structure of the biofilm. In these pockets, planktonic bacteria start to grow, and the pocket starts to move to the periphery of the biofilm. After a time, the fruiting body buds off and spills the planktonic bacteria out into the environment, to seed new biofilms and exploit new territories.
   It's an elegant and useful system. The problem is, it shouldn't exist. According to all we know about evolution, it should be a highly unstable system due to a phenomenon well known in the geek world: The tragedy of the    Making this stuff takes work. It is work to make the biofilm scaffold, to pump ions and make protective proteins. The bacteria do this because working together this way is of benefit to them all. It's not really altruism, but mutualism. Prokaryotic quid pro quo. It's worth the effort because everyone is pitching in. Some of you may see where this is going. ...
They go on to talk about theoretical difficulties with the experienced realties... However, consider the recent Nobel prize in economics awarded for a better understanding of the management of the commons:
   "Nobel Prize in Economics to Elinor Ostrom ?for her analysis of economic governance, especially the commons?"
   Anyway, I see some biofilm parallels with p2p, as well as the issue of Manuel de Landas's meshwork/hierarchy balance, as a bacterial system of communicating individuals undergoes a density-related phase change. Is Wikipedia or GNU/Linux or the p2p research mailing list like a biofilm? :-)
And, no, that does not mean I'm calling GNU/Linux, Wikipedia, or this mailing list "slime", although, within this biological metaphor, that would be technically accurate. :-)
More on that topic from the Wikipedia "infofilm"? :-)
   "A biofilm is an aggregate of microorganisms in which cells are stuck to each other and/or to a surface. These adherent cells are frequently embedded within a self-produced matrix of extracellular polymeric substance (EPS). Biofilm EPS, which is also referred to as "slime," is a polymeric jumble of DNA, proteins and polysaccharides. Biofilms may form on living or non-living surfaces, and represent a prevalent mode of microbial life in natural, industrial and hospital settings [1]. The cells of a microorganism growing in a biofilm are physiologically distinct from planktonic cells of the same organism, which by contrast, are single-cells that may float or swim in a liquid medium. Microbes form a biofilm in response to many factors, which may include cellular recognition of specific or non-specific attachment sites on a surface, nutritional cues, or in some cases, by exposure of planktonic cells to sub-inhibitory concentrations of antibiotics [2][3]. When a cell switches to the biofilm mode of growth, it undergoes a phenotypic shift in behavior in which large suites of genes are differentially regulated [4]."
So, what happens to our society once the peer-to-peer and peer production density goes high enough? :-)
More spinoff civilizations in the oceans and space? Fruiting bodies of seastead networks and self-replicating space habitat networks? :-) Or maybe something completely different? A singularity of some sort? Not necessarily robots rule the world, but just something very different like a world shaped by a gift economy of content under free licenses and a basic income to ration anything currently scarce?
Anyway, just some food for slimy thought. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-04 16:58:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P platforms for wide ranging discussions 
Moving my reply over to this thread...
 > Technology cannot solve all difficulties in organizing and providing
 > perspective on a body of information, nor all problems in inter-personal
 > communication.  Sometimes, the remedy is old-fashioned discipline in
 > presenting a viewpoint or mental model as concisely as possible.
On this point of "discipline", while your suggestion is ideal, in practice, it would be nice to have a technological system that helped us separate different aspects of thinking (or some sort of "discipline" in other terms) within a peer-to-peer context. Some people are better at some things than others. So for example, I could post something rambly, almost everyone could ignore it because they know I ramble, except maybe one person would summarize one point they cared about in a concise way, and the conversation could flow around that concise point by people who cared about it, perhaps with further iterations of refinements, maybe with another ramble by me at some point, etc.. Granted, email is not ideal for that, but it can be used that way, and sometimes is.
This is a sort of peer-based scientific-tending process. One big problem with how the scientific method is described in practice (hypothesis, test, report) is that it has no relation to reality in most cases. :-) Still, a broader view of the scientific method does include iterations, even if the method by itself ignores broader issues about creativity:
   A linearized, pragmatic scheme of the four points above is sometimes offered as a guideline for proceeding:[32]
    1. Define the question
    2. Gather information and resources (observe)
    3. Form hypothesis
    4. Perform experiment and collect data
    5. Analyze data
    6. Interpret data and draw conclusions that serve as a starting point for new hypothesis
    7. Publish results
    8. Retest (frequently done by other scientists)
The iterative cycle inherent in this step-by-step methodology goes from point 3 to 6 back to 3 again.
I'd suggest a major flaw in that outline is it assumes science is being done by individuals, like in school doing a term paper, with no substantial collaboration at any stage other than publication (maybe there might be some communications with just with a couple peers in the same lab). Much of that lack of communication is because of a fight over research dollars that poisons the scientific process in several ways.
   "The Big Crunch" by David Goodstein
   So, what would a peer-to-peer scientific method look like with lots of open communications at all stages? And what tools could help with that?
In practice, what happens is somewhat stigmergic:
* blundering around in an area just learning and having fun, or otherwise sharing some new idea of current interest
* some ideas click together
* some more breakthroughs get made in cumbersome ways based on combining ideas
* breakthrough ideas get refined
* there is some testing, or even just library research, and then discussion of conclusions, etc.
* presentations get polished, and then spawn more blundering :-)
Where all stages can drop back to the blundering/playful start at any point.
While it might be ideal if all email communications can be in the first half of the last category (presentation of polished ideas), that's maybe 0.01% of the scientific enterprise in terms of time, even if important.
By trying to push all communications into that form, one risks shutting down the playful underlying layers. Now, that may be common in real science labs, but they operate under other assumptions than p2p (different funding assumptions, different reputation assumptions, different social organization models, etc.)
Granted, shutting down unauthorized playful research is the actual intent of much of academic bureaucracy in order to shut down any changes to the status quo, but we can try to resist it when we can: :-)
   Recent examples:
"Professor David Nutt asked to resign after his claims that ecstasy and LSD were less dangerous than alcohol"
"... the same Boston University academic who turned me livid eighteen months ago when she fired Professor Michael Holick for writing a book. Holick's book simply questioned current dermatology dogma that sunlight is evil and she fired him: Boston University's version of academic freedom."
"Rhetta Moran, David Healy - and the language of academic bullying"
"One would have thought that the idea of "compatible" or "incompatible" research would be something that should interest an academic union. The AUT attempted to induce to me to go along with a sham process as well as a gag agreement while ignoring every principle involved. Their silence has been Now, that all is a different issue from how to use email as-is effectively to accomplish some specific goal, granted. But, in some ways, email, especially coupled with a citeable web archive of posts, is maybe the best we have. People can filter posts, people can cite things, people can summarize. Things could be a lot better though.
But, I won't disagree with your general point about the need for "discipline". I think the question is more, discipline at what point and in what context and of what type and by whom and towards what end using what Thanks for the other references to Zotera and Posterous. Any link to any public work you are doing on making assumptions for models explicit would be appreciated, I've been talking about doing something related , both on this list (earlier post referencing Catton and modelling tools) and elesewhere).
I can post more on that if people are interested. Essentially, it is about linking simulations to structured arguments about them.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-04 17:01:07
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The psychopath as peer? (redirecting to other 
I replied over in this thread (mostly to get "psychopath" out of the subject heading. :-)
"[p2p-research] P2P platforms for wide ranging discussions beyond email?"
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-04 18:46:16
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Secret Copyright Treaty Leaks. It's Bad. 
The title of this slashdot article is inflammatory, and I don't know how accurate, but here is the article, and lots of interesting discussions:
"Slashdot | Secret Copyright Treaty Leaks. It's Bad. Very Bad."
Jamie found a Boing Boing story that will probably get your blood to at least a simmer. It says "The internet chapter of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement, a secret copyright treaty whose text Obama's administration refused to disclose due to 'national security' concerns, has leaked. It's bad." You can read the original leaked document or the summary. If passed, the internet will never be the same. Thank goodness it's hidden from public scrutiny for National Security.
A referenced site:
"Secret copyright treaty leaks. It's bad. Very bad."
The internet chapter of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement, a secret copyright treaty whose text Obama's administration refused to disclose due to "national security" concerns, has leaked. It's bad. It says:
     * That ISPs have to proactively police copyright on user-contributed material. This means that it will be impossible to run a service like Flickr or YouTube or Blogger, since hiring enough lawyers to ensure that the mountain of material uploaded every second isn't infringing will exceed any hope of profitability.
     * That ISPs have to cut off the Internet access of accused copyright infringers or face liability. This means that your entire family could be denied to the internet -- and hence to civic participation, health information, education, communications, and their means of earning a living

@_date: 2009-11-04 21:18:49
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] interesting political text by alex foti 
Some of the same insights I've been coming to, some different.
Where I agree:
* we need to separate thinking about a physical economy from thinking about ration unit movements, and if the physical economy has been priced at only a tiny fraction of outstanding ration units, then the system can become * we need to shift our economy to greener methods for several reasons (health, security, prosperity).
* people need to focus on equity of access to the industrial commons (the Triple Revolution point, or a "basic income").
Where I disagree:
* I feel that carbon issues are IMHO not as big as these other issues along the lines Freeman Dyson suggests (basically, we now have a cult of carbon, where people have stopped thinking rationally about this, given that it would cost at most a few percent of the world gross product to deal with climate change issues which seem irreversible at this point anyway (although in twenty years time we may be able to remove excess carbon and methane and so on from the air easily in several ways) -- the issue is mostly, who should pay?).
   * I think it unlikely productivity will go down with "internalizing external costs" which is a major premise in the article. Many polluting production methods are just the product of ignorance or arguments over control. Historically, doing things the better way hardly costs any more, and usually is cheaper in the end. And this is an area of active research:
   And when it does cost more, if everyone does it, the costs are hardly noticed by the end consumer and profits are effectively unchanged. Look at how much in recycled in relation to cars, both the bodies and the fluids, and how much more efficient they are and less polluting than decades ago, and car prices have been stable for decades adjusted for inflation, while perceived quality has generally improved (they handle better, they last longer, they are safer, they sound better, etc. barring some nostalgia or some poor choices about SUVs).
* I feel that any economy based on mostly rationing and "the value of labor" IMHO will not make sense in twenty years as robots and AI continue to develop, and as we get better designs for products as well as for 3D printers or other productive system, all producing structural permanent unemployment as the services industry follows the lead of the agricultural and then industrial sectors in being automated out of most of its existence. You think someone in ten years won't have a piece of software that does a better job than most mortgage brokers? Who thinks computers won't be able to replace most taxi drivers in twenty years? Would you rather have a human doctor in twenty years or a robot doctor (like the holographic doctor Star Trek Voyager) who literally is part of a computer network a million times smarter and more knowledgeable (and even funnier) than any human doctor and can spend hours with you listening to you talk about your life in detail if you want? And so on...
* I feel that in a world of abundance based mostly on creativity and information (like programming robots to do stuff no one wants to do), that "reward is no motivator", even if people need access to resources to live:
   * I feel that, given the last thirty years have seen vast productivity growth in the USA but a decrease in real wages (it's true quality of computers and cars have gone up, but food and physical community quality has gone down), then it is unlikely any subsequent productivity gains will be distributed either without major social changes. See the "Capitalism hits the fan" site by Richard Wolff (not that I totally agree with his solutions but he describes the problem well):
      So, I feel this article below is a good step forward, especially the talk about "precarity" like Michel has mentioned before, but I still feel the article misses key aspects of the bigger picture.
It does not matter if we get "climate justice" if we also get military robots enforcing artificial scarcity. It does not matter if we "motivate" programmers with great rewards to make proprietary robot doctor software if it is worse than the people who love to tinker could do if they just had the time from a basic income. It does not matter if there is vast productivity growth in physical manufacturing if it all goes to war, schooling, prisons, faddish consumerism, and other nonsense and children lose their human families and human communities to it all. It does not matter if we get a green infrastructure and even a secure income if we get wiped out by some influenza plague a twelve year old downloads from the internet and we have no intrinsically mutually secure way to promote health in a p2p way (like widespread knowledge about vitamin D deficiency syndrome, or a widespread ability to detect and respond to the problem, or whatever).
I feel there is an aspect of this article that is running the risk of becoming the enemy. :-) Just like when you meet violent evil (WTC crime) with violent evil (Predator Drones in Pakistan), you become evil, when you meet scarcity economics with more scarcity economics, do you become a scarcity enabler? :-( As a society, IMHO we don't need to win against an elite; we need to transcend the conflict entirely. Besides, it's often easy to "win" many wars (look at Iraq, that collapsed militarily immediately, because it was a hollow shell conceptually); what is usually harder is winning the peace and building an alternative that is better (otherwise there are years of civil disorder). So, we need to build alternative institutions based on alternative paradigms, which will replace the others as they continue to fail in various ways (financially, physically, and Anyway, to really move past all this, we have to be talking more details. How much energy should we produce? For what reasons? How much stuff do various people need to be happy? How can we produce walkable communities with good urban planning? How do you build a good robot doctor, or alternatively, empower human doctors with the wisdom of the entire medical community at their fingertips? And so on.
Still, the first paragraph is really good. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-05 07:45:26
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Artificial Scarcity Is Subject To Massive Deflation 
"In discussing the basic economics of scarce and infinite goods around here, sometimes certain points get lost or confused. One of the key points that we've tried to make (but that sometimes gets lost), when we say that an old model is obsolete or going away, is that you can try to hang onto that business model, but the economic trends are clear: it's not going to last. So, you can try to keep charging for information in a highly competitive market, and maybe you can pull it off for a little while. But betting your future business on it alone? Good luck.
   The Citizen Media Law Group points us to an even better explanation of this very point, by Eric Reasons, noting that artificial scarcity is facing massive deflation. It's such a great concise way of making the point, I wish I'd thought of it:  ..."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-05 10:22:03
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Imagining something better (was Re: Europe only goes 
I comment on the ACTA treaty they mention at the end here:
"[p2p-research] Slashdot | Secret Copyright Treaty Leaks. It's Bad. Very Bad."
Maybe a little over the top there, but let me try again. :-)
Let's try to imagine something better than all this.
Here is a mashup of George Bush singing John Lennon's Imagine, likely with
clips taken from news sources:
"George Bush - "Imagine" (Bush is gone, let it go, people!)
"Fair use" exists in the USA, including an exemption for satire and parody,
so it *may* be legal to make that video, store it, and view it in the USA.
But looking at it may well make many people outside the USA criminals under
the terms of either the Telecoms Package or ACTA in places without fair use,
since they would be violating the copyrights of news broadcasting companies
without "fair use".
   How much does it take to violate a copyright? One digital bit copied? Two
bits? One hundred bits? One thousand bits? One million bits?
Music can be deemed to infringe on other music if it has only a few similiar
"One of the more famous U.S music infringement cases involved ex-Beatle
George Harrison, who was found by a jury to have "unconsciously" copied the
Shirelle's composition "He's So Fine" in his 1971 hit "My Sweet Lord."
Although George Harrison's hit was found to be strikingly similar to the
Shirelle's song, it is even possible to infringe another song if only just a
few notes are "borrowed." Because the most memorable part of a song may be
quite brief, infringement of a musical composition may be found even where
only a small portion of a song was copied. ... There is no simple rule
concerning how much of a work may be taken before it rises to the level of
infringement. Obviously, the more a work is copied, the easier it is to show
substantial similarity. Ultimately the test for infringement turns on the
issue of quality, rather than quantity. For instance, in determining whether
one song infringes on another, it is common for courts to look to whether
the "heart" of the song was taken. The heart of a song may be a memorable
melody, or an identifiable 2-chord guitar riff or just a few words taken
from the chorus. As a result, there is NO truth to the rumor that sampling
less than 4 bars is OK. "
So, let's say, anyway, despite that, that a couple complex bars was a ten
note sequence, each represented by a 32-bit number in a computer, or about
320 bits. So, while interpreting infringement remains subjective, we can
thing that in most situations, it starts at copying about 300 bits or so.
That would also be about twenty textual Unicode characters or so, or four or
five words, as maybe the typical minimum to start creating copyright
problems, barring really special cases (trademark issues, very unusual
works, etc.).
See also:
"An illegal prime is a prime number that represents information forbidden to
possess or distribute. One of the first illegal primes was discovered in
2001. When interpreted a particular way, it describes a computer program
which bypasses copyright protection schemes. Distribution of such a program
in the United States is illegal under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
Illegal primes are a subset of illegal numbers."
"An illegal number is a number that represents information which is illegal
to possess, utter or propagate. Any information that can be represented in
binary format is, ipso facto, representable as a number, and therefore if
the information itself is illegal in some way, the pure number itself may be
illegal.[1][2][3] To date, the idea of a number being illegal has not been
tested in the courts.[citation needed]"
Without "fair use", people would also risk being criminals for accepting any
email which contains any unauthorized copyrighted material, even very short
sequences of bits on the order of 1000 bits or less (a Kilobit, or about one
tenth of a Kilobyte of eight bit bites). So, basically, email (especially
mailing lists) would be too dangerous to use if these laws continue to
tighten things.
Receive just one email containing less than 100 bytes of some copyrighted
text from a news service or copied from a web site, and you are a criminal
(you made a copy to receive it, you make a copy to view it, it may be stored
on your hard drive, and so on). The only issue is, will your criminal act be
acted on by others in legal authority? So, we will have "selective
enforcement" used against those deemed a risk to the state. And all it takes
to make you a felon is someone sending you 100 of the wrong bytes. Now,
broadband speeds are up to several megabytes (millions of bytes) per second
in many places, and even way faster than that in a few places. Every new
phone may be able to receive data that fast soon. If receiving just 100 bad
bytes, one of these illegal numbers, makes you a criminal, subject to years
in prison if you have made multiple copies, then we have a world where, in
the words of one protest song:
"Everyone's a criminal unless you got the money, honey".
I'm not making this up for the USA, the issue is just that it is not "enforced":
"FEDERAL PROSECUTION OF VIOLATIONS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS"
     The purpose of S. 893 is to harmonize the current felony provisions for
copyright infringement and to provide an effective deterrence to the piracy
of motion pictures, sound recordings, computer programs, and other original
works of authorship. Piracy of copyrighted works costs U.S. industries
millions of dollars a year, resulting in losses of jobs and diminution in
the number of works created. Effective criminal penalties will aid in
preventing Such losses. [This ignores the multi-trillion dollars worth of
free content in circulation, or other issues such as in the free book here:
 ...
      Under civil copyright infringement, an intent to infringe is not
required, since copyright is a strict liability tort. [FN13] For an
infringement to be deemed a criminal violation, however, a specific mens rea
must be proved. Even if civil liability has been established, without the
requisite mens rea it does not matter how many unauthorized copies or
phonorecords have been made or distributed: No criminal violation has occurred.
     Under section 506(a) of title 17, United States Code, unamended by the
substitute, the mens rea is described as infringement done "willfully and
for purposes of commercial advantage or private financial gain." The term
"willfully," although used in copyright statutes since 1897 for criminal
violations, has never been defined. The substitute to S. 893 does not
provide a definition either, since it is the Committee's intention that the
standard as construed by the courts continue to be applied. [FN14]
     The mens rea requirement serves to leave outside the reach of the
criminal law losing parties in ordinary business disputes such as those
involving reverse engineering of computer programs [FN15] or contract
disputes over the scope of licenses. [FN16] Felony liability is not the
result of every unauthorized reproduction or distribution of at least 10
copies or phonorecords having a retail value of more than $2,500 within a
180-day period. First, infringement must be established. Next, the
Government must prove that the infringement was done with the requisite mens
rea. Unless both these requirements are met, no criminal
liability-misdemeanor or felony-will lie, regardless of the number of
unauthorized copies or phonorecords that have been reproduced or
distributed. In cases where civil liability is unclear-whether because the
law is unsettled, or because a legitimate business dispute exists- the
Committee does not intend to establish criminal liability.
But some of this is subjective. If you are on a mailing list, and you do not
have state approved filtering in place, does this show "intent"? And in any
case, that is for criminal sanctions. The economic sanctions may be enough
of a deterrent.
"Students Dropping Out of School to Pay RIAA Legal Fees"
So, if everyone is a copyright criminal (if only from getting email that
contains quotes from news articles, or from watching youtube clips, deemed
as "personal gain"), or could easily be made to look like one (if the were
emailed song files), then where does that leave us as a society?
"Overly-broad copyright law has made USA a "nation of infringers""
   How many copyright violations does an average user commit in a single
day? John Tehranian, a law professor at the University of Utah, calculates
in a new paper that he rings up $12.45 million in liability (PDF) over the
course of an average day. The gap between what the law allows and what
social norms permit is so great now that "we are, technically speaking, a
nation of infringers."
   Tehranian's paper points out just how pervasive copyright has become in
our lives. Simply checking one's e-mail and including the full text in
response could be a violation of copyright. So could a tattoo on Tehranian's
shoulder of Captain Caveman?and potential damages escalate when Tehranian
takes off his shirt at the university pool and engages in public performance
of an unauthorized copyrighted work.
   Singing "Happy Birthday" at a restaurant (unauthorized public
performance) and capturing the event on a video camera (unauthorized
reproduction) could increase his liability, and that's to say nothing of the
copyrighted artwork hanging on the wall behind the dinner table (also
captured without authorization by the camera). Tehranian calculates his
yearly liability at $4.5 billion.
   And all of this infringement could easily be done without even engaging
in "wrong" behaviors like P2P file-sharing. Tehranian wants to make clear
how such copyright issues don't simply affect those operating in the grey or
black zones of the law; they affect plenty of ordinary people who aren't
doing anything that they consider to be illegal, immoral, or even a little
bit naughty.
   The "vast disparity between copyright law and copyright norms" simply
highlights the need for effective copyright reform. Since the 1976 Copyright
Act, when all creative works automatically gained copyright protection
without the need for registration, our lives have been awash in the
copyrighted materials of other people. The advent of digital technology
means not only that such works are simpler to use and to share, but that
content owners for the first time have a realistic shot at enforcing their
maximum rights.
By the way, technically, anyone reading the above in another country is
probably a criminal, since I don't have permission from arstechnica to
reproduce it. At the bottom of the page it says: "Ars Technica ? 2009 Cond?
Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be
reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with
the prior written permission of Cond? Nast Digital."
I rely on "fair use" in the context of "scholarly discussion",
   but that exemption does not apply elsewhere, and is also only a defense
after being sued, it does not prevent lawsuits. Still, I have made a
*social* judgment that it is unlikely to get me or anyone here sued or
imprisoned to quote it, or that, if I was sued, the net result after all the
stress would be positive publicity about this issue (given the irony). But,
is is still a judgment, one stressful to make, and I may be wrong in that
instance or any of many others. It's only a matter of time...
   "Historically, selective enforcement is recognized as a sign of tyranny, and
an abuse of power, because it violates Rule of Law, allowing men to apply
justice only when they choose. Aside from this being inherently unjust, it
almost inevitably must lead to favoritism and extortion, with those
empowered to choose being able to help their friends, take bribes, and
threaten those they desire favors from."
So, what is being set up here is a form of tyranny based on selective
enforcement of copyright, similar in some ways to marijuana laws, because,
if much of the population is doing something to little ill effect (two US
presidents have admitted to using marijuana), and maybe even with medical
benefits (those on chemotherapy, for example) then who goes to jail over a
law becomes a matter of selective enforcement.
   At the same time that the police have abandoned full enforcement for
concentration on dealers, enforcement of the laws has remained necessarily
haphazard and somewhat selective. Since marijuana use has become so common,
there are certain student and hippy communities in which the police could
arrest nearly everyone. Here the problem of selective enforcement
necessarily arises-the police arrest those they dislike for other reasons,
either political disagreement or suspicion of use of other drugs. This
inevitable practice, although perhaps not consciously planned, has brought
outcry from some victimized communities.27 This policy-if not a policy by
the police at least a perception by the hippies-of selective enforcement has
provided them increased impetus toward the anti-establishment life style
they have adopted. Their attitude is aggravated when the police engage in
particularly aggressive tactics, such as use of informers, to trap the
offenders. 28
Another social judgment again, to quote that, that I and people here will
not be sued for my quoting that, given no easy facility for Xanadu-like
And, *intent* to violate copyright might be shown by the fact people used
p2p email and did not have in place state-approved filtering and censoring
systems to prevent that. Such software exists in some places to some degree.
It might certainly be profitable to offer it by some companies, something
where a machine reads all your email first and decides what items can safely
go through. We already have in place such services for spam protection, so
it is not that much of a stretch to see them used for protecting us against
potential copyright violations.
The original "Imagine", which at the time seemed absurd, but now seems more
and more where we are going, and sometime in the next twenty years if we are
to prosper, or even just survive:
   "Imagine - John Lennon"
   (I think Yoko Ono explicitely said it was OK to have that video up there. Of
course, does she really own all the rights to "Imagine"? How do I know? What
good is her word if I'm not sure she has the right to speak about that? Did
she really say that, in any case? How do I know? Was she misquoted? Do the
gardeners of that site pictured there have copyright in their pruning of the
bushes they walk by? Does the architect of that house have the right to say
his copyright on aspects of that structure is being violated? Does the
person who reformatted the video have a say in this? And so on.)
It took me a while to get the visual meaning of opening up all those windows
and letting all the vitamin D creating sunshine in. :-) Is, metaphorically,
our entire civilization suffering from a lack of sunshine on how these legal
decisions are made to whose benefit or based on what ideological assumption?
Anyway, I do believe in Manuel de Landa's point about a balance of meshworks
and hierarchies. But, it is not clear, at this point, that strong copyright
is helping either hierarchies or meshworks. This was mentioned above in
relation to marijuana. For example, like marijuana laws, copyright laws are
encouraging a disrespect for *legitimate* authority that is sometimes needed
to keep public order (for example, to impose quarantines for public health
reasons, or to prevent pollution, or to regulate the financial industry).
Another law professor on this:
   "Stanford Law Professor compares Copyright Law to Prohibition"
"Lawrence Lessig, a professor of Law at Stanford University makes an
interesting case that US-style Copyright Law that makes peer to peer copying
illegal, and imposes ever more extreme criminal sentences, is the new
prohibition, his criticism is not whether the law is ?right? or ?wrong?, so
much as unenforceable and resulting in a generation growing up believing
that the law is an ass."
With all that said, working within existing copyright laws in an "Aikido"
like way, here is one proposal I made for how to get rid of the current
system by building on the internet idea of treating copyright as damage and
routing around it, back from 2001 (it has been one driving idea over the
last decade towards an aspect of the Pointrel system's design):
Perhaps I should then refine the question away from technical issues to
focus on the paradigm shift.
   Essentially, is it sensible to shift the debate on Digital Rights
Management from:
"rights management to restrict rights and ensure author royalties"
   to:
"rights management to ensure the right to freely copy and make derived
   as a new paradigm?
Does this sound like a general principle free software and free content
developers could get behind? Or is that concept itself flawed, perhaps
because people think DRM is a fundamentally flawed concept as far as
ensuring personal freedoms?
See also my example there:
A LICENSE REJECTION PROTOCOL
   Being explicit about licensing (especially in a machine-readable way)
may have great benefits. For one thing, you might decide to set your
email receiver to reject email from most people unless it came with an
acceptable (to you) license. There might be a "license negotiation"
protocol at the start of all transmissions of all works.
   For example:
Sender: PERMISSION TO SEND "Windows NT Source" BY "misguided kiddy";
Receiver: WHAT LICENSE?;
Sender: LICENSE: NO-REDISTRIBUTE-39;
Receiver: REJECT;
   or perhaps instead:
Sender: PERMISSION TO SEND "GNU/Linux kernel mods" BY "Linus Torvalds";
Receiver: WHAT LICENSE?;
Sender: LICENSE: GPL-2;
Receiver: ACCEPT;
   If you ran a peer-to-peer file server, such a protocol might help ensure
only legally redistributeable works were redistributed on it (making it
legally safer to run one). Obviously, people could lie about the license
status of works when they inject them into the system -- but the point
is, it forces such people to explicitly lie, as opposed to just being
careless or neglectful. (Obviously, carelessness and neglect could
affect the system as well if the person injecting the information is
just confused, hopefully other factors like community awareness could
minimize this.) Nonetheless, it might gives users a legal defense from
extreme copyright infringement awards if they screen incoming data. This
in turn might make insurance for such situations affordable. Defenders
of such a file sharing system (in court) could then admit to there being
a few "bad apples" and take efforts to route out such illegally
contributed material in the same way people now use virus scanners or
other filters. This might make it more likely such systems would
prosper, with other attendant benefits for democracy or an open society.
   To be clear: I personally am not for supporting sharing of material that
for legal or copyright reasons can't be shared (it's the law; change the
law peacefully if so desired). I instead want to make sure that it is
easy to share material that it is legal to share, and likewise I want to
ensure it easy to make derived works with clear legal titles from
material it is legal to make derived works from.
I went on to develop another example:
   The Choral Public Domain Library site has "public domain" in the title,
but the main page announces "Much of the music in this archive is in the
public domain and has been newly edited under the terms of the Choral
Public Domain License (CPDL). Under this license, all music here can be
freely downloaded, distributed, reproduced, performed, and recorded.
Modifications can be made to these editions, if certain steps are
followed. A working draft of the CPDL is available on this website
(click here)." This leads to a variant license inspired by the GPL:
    [now:  ]
All of this requires me to think a lot, keep track of information, tell
other people things, and in general, not be able to treat the MIDI file
(from a licensing perspective) as more or less an atomic thing. I can't
just point a tool at the "pal-ecce.mid" file and check what the
licensing conditions are.
   As soon as I have this file on my computer, much of the "meta data"
about licensing is lost, since the meta-data is not all kept in the same
file but is implicit from having the file on the site. If I pass the
file to you, how do you know it is freely redistributeable? Do you take
my word for it? Do you check the site? Am I myself even sure enough what
license it is under when I downloaded it that I can give you assurances
you can use it? Why should you trust me if I do? Did you get the
identical version I downloaded, or did I slip in a change which I might
later use to make a claim against you if you use the file in a work of
your own? If I (not the author) bundle the midi file with a CPDL license
in a zip file, how do you know I had any right to do that? How much time
do you need to take to verify the situation?
   Note: this isn't to put down this particular site. It is a great site
that has given me much enjoyment and represents a lot of painstaking
work to assure compliance with copyright law. The issue isn't specific
to the site or its files. I just use it as an example. Also, this
problem isn't specific to MIDI files. Even if you could put such
information as a text comment in a MIDI file, this doesn't solve the
general issue for all files, or necessarily in a way where license
analysis, filtering, and handling could be automated.
   Note that ultimately, having such meta-data in every file might require
operating system support, or at least very smart tools, like a MIDI
player that ignores the meta-data when actually playing the file. That
in turn might require a more sophisticated repository approach to
storing all file data (at a minimum, perhaps "license forks" like the
Macintosh has "data forks", although this doesn't address the notion of
one license covering multiple files taken as a whole).
The only reason the web works now legally is that there is implied consent
for some copies. For example, if you put up a public web page, you
presumably assume someone will look at it, even without granting an explicit
license. But technically, people viewing your web page is still illegal
under a strict interpretation of copyright law, because they are making a
copy of your web page to view it. Socially, this is absurd at this point,
but technically, a copy is a copy. There is also a sense that there is not
criminal *intent* by people who view your content to rip you off in
interpreting the law that way, but it is still subjective. What if you
talked about the website in an unflattering way on a blog where you had
Google adsense revenue? But, that's all hazy and informal stuff. There are
court cases about it in various places, but it is still emerging and it is
fairly inconsistent and arbitrary (as Alan Kay has pointed out).
The fact is, without an explicit license, everyone getting a copy of any
email, even this one, is violating copyright. It is only by social
convention that it is not considered to be so. But, our laws don't fully
reflect our social conventions. They are written, as best as one could view
them, to be selectively enforced when sociality breaks down. And that social
convention starts to fray when people reply to emails (making derived works)
or forward emails (so, sending copies to other people than the original
recipient). So, everything becomes a continual stressful set of decisions,
will this person sue me? Will that person sue me?
In general, at least in the lawsuit-prone USA, we are relying on continually
assessing the intent of the originator of information and what will get them
to launch a lawsuit against us, as well as our assets and capabilities in
defending from lawsuits. Thus a big company like Google with lots of lawyers
can do some things, like make copies of in-copyright books and put them on
the web in some form, that most of the rest of us would be afraid to do.
That's one reason I stopped using proprietary software for the most part. I
realized, it is also just about impossible to prove that I had a legal right
to use anything I had paid for (and in the past, I have paid many thousands
of dollars for software and content). The right to read a paper book comes
from having the book in your hands, it seems. But the right to use a piece
of software is not so easy to prove, as SPA raids show, where people have
paid for all the software but can no longer prove it in an acceptable (to
the SPA) way.
"Freeze! This is a Software Raid "
  What proves you have the right to have a copy of some software? Especially
software you might have purchased ten years ago? A printed receipt? A
holographic sticker? A license key? The original disks and manual? How many
copies can you have, as in are system backups legal? And so on. Essentially,
I realized, even after paying vast amounts of money (one software system I
paid for for a project cost about US$9000 dollars, VisualWorks
Smalltalk+ENVY+Server), my continued right to use any of that stuff still
depended on the willingness of these companies not to sue me. Why should I
give my money to such an enterprise, if I have a choice? Granted, I bought a
Mac last year after running Debian for many years, so, I'm not ideologically
perfect. :-) But I stick almost entirely with free software on top of that.
And RIAA lawsuits even show that, not to endorse illegal music downloading,
but RIAA apparently sues the people who buy the most music:
"Illegal downloaders 'spend the most on music', says poll"
 Really, if you "buy" a tune, how can you prove you have a right to access it
year later? How many copies? And so on?
Until we get better copyright laws (where better may mean none at all :-),
that's a reason I like the idea of explicit free licenses managed explicitly:
   "A review of licensing and collaborative development..."
   That way, we can build a "free world" one email at a time, one song at a
time, and let the old one die on its own.
Similar to how I did on the OM list (assuming the GFDL is no longer important),
I hereby put all my posts on this mailing list under a CC-BY-SA 3.0 unported
license, same as Wikipedia, subject to having included material from other
sources I deemed as "fair use" at the time which may be subject to other
restrictions in other contexts.
But, my making one statement does not solve the convenience issue, does it?
People won't know that looking at my other posts. And it's not clear for the
licensing of replies by others, or the replied to content I may have
included, and so on. So, even with terrible copyright laws, we can still do
much better among ourselves to affirm our intents and make stigmergic
collaboration easier.
Stan raised the issues about what is a good way to use email.
Well, this free licensing issue is another deep problem with email.
It's actually not clear to me what license contributions to this p2p mailing
list are otherwise, or how they legally migrate to the blog, and so on...
Maybe there is some footnote somewhere I missed when you sign up?
For example, If I knew all the content by everyone here was under CC-BY-SA
3.0 (or whatever), then I might treat it differently (like use it as test
input into other systems I wanted to develop). Although, even then, what about the copyrights on quoted materials or forwarded materials?
In a blog I made, I have a blurb near the comment button where each comment
author is agreeing, like with Wikipedia, to put their contribution under a
CC-BY-SA license (so far, no comments except spam. :-)
 From there at the bottom: "All content here (including comments, but
excepting items used under "fair use") is submitted under the Creative
Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. "
And if you add a comment:
The submitter agrees that any content submitted here is hereby placed under
the CC-BY-SA 3.0 Unported License (same as Wikipedia), and also agrees not
to include copyrighted material without permission of the copyright holder
unless otherwise covered by "fair use".
But that is not a general solution for email or the web. It just works in one place.
Anyway, my point is, even with the copyright noose around our necks slowly
tightening, we still have some freedom to act and empower ourselves and our
peers to create a free world. And if we do, someday the strongly copyrighted
and proprietary world may cease to be relevant to our lives, like we are
all listening to free music and discussing free news and using free software
on free hardware. Then there won't be many advocates left for strong
copyright and strong patents, and maybe those will eventually dissolve on
their own. Or at least, the free world may have the power to change those
laws back to something sane eventually (perhaps copyright on creative works
lasts three years, or whatever, although I'd prefer no copyright and a basic
income for all. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-05 13:07:27
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
As I see it, more support for the arts is a good idea, but a half-measure. As you say at the end, we could look at expanding it to all sorts of commons production, but it is hard to judge what is "worthy". A "basic income" for all is probably a better general solution than trying to decide what projects a person wants to do are worthy of support. References:
         A basic income just for "artists" is possible:
   but in the end, is a mother or father any less an artist for helping sculpt a young life than someone who works in clay and sculpts statues? And, it is hard to judge a person's worth or a project's worth at the time. It may only become clear 1000 years later if something is "worthwhile". And besides, worthwhile to whom? Maybe it is enough that an individual's life is worthwhile to themselves?
For me, a big changeover point is if everyone could get laws about a basic income passed everywhere. So, rather than have artists fighting against mothers and fathers and mimes and songwriters and so on over who should get the most subsidies, we have both working together, as an alliance, to have a basic income for artists, mothers, fathers, writers, journalists, mimes, and everyone else, even rich CEOs.
It's been said:
   "The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor, to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets and to steal bread. "
Well, a basic income, in its majestic equality, allows both the rich as well as the poor to paint local bridges, to mime in the streets, and to give away home-baked bread. :-) Maybe financially obese people won't want to do those things compared to poor people who know how important those things are, but with a basic income, rich people could. :-)
See also:
"[p2p-research] Basic income from a millionaire's perspective?"
Is it possible you could make some freely licensed art about that issue? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-05 16:33:45
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] GrassrootsHealth | Vitamin D Action - 
An example of a grassroots p2p health organization about Vitamin D?
   Scientists are calling for a standard vitamin D intake of 2000 IU/day and the achievement of a serum level of 40-60 ng/ml. Scientists' Call to Action. GrassrootsHealth has launched a worldwide public health campaign to solve the vitamin D deficiency epidemic in a year through a focus on testing and education with all individuals spreading the word. ... With only 100 people joining up today, and getting 2 friends to join in 2 weeks (and those 2 friends getting 2 more), by week 42, there could be 400,000,000 people who are vitamin D ?replete?! (more than the United States population)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-05 17:58:00
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Artificial Scarcity Is Subject To 
> -but I even begin to see how that could wane.
On waning demand for services, how many meals can you eat in one day? How many times a year do you want someone else to clean your teeth really well? And so on.
Besides, someone cooks me a pizza every day (me :-) thought I get it premade frozen from Amy's. Sure, that is a service in a sense (or is that lumped under manufacturing?). But it is already pretty streamlined, though no doubt it could be more automated.
   Still, I think about all those nice people making the pizzas I eat and I am thankful they are doing such a great job (the Pesto ones are especially good, I feel).
I'm not sure I would be that much happier going out every day to get a pizza. I consider watching poor young people struggling to make ends meet as a waiter or waitress and trying to be polite to obnoxious wealthier people to be an unpleasant experience to be avoided. Not to mention almost all restaurants serve food that is not organically grown, especially the meat. Still, no doubt, many people work at Amy's who'd rather be doing something else. A basic income for everyone would help me enjoy my pizzas more, knowing the people who were making them had the choice to stay home with their kids.
I went to a dental hygienist today (every six months), and while a nice person, if I had better home teeth cleaning equipment, I'd probably be willing to avoid that experience too. :-)
In any case, there is a huge difference between very large potential demand and infinite demand. And even if demand is potentially infinite, if demand grows more slowly than supply, it is still effectively limited.
Yes, that is a very important trend that you would think economists would have been thinking about since Duane Elgin wrote "Voluntary Simplicity" around 1993 (or even way back to the 1960s and Drop City etc.).
   I looked at this Wikipedia entry (something Nathan has been talking about   and read:
However even a person drinking water from a good stream at his doorstep must "spend" labour to gain this value, at least if this action is relevant to economics. ... In the example of a person going to a stream at his doorstep, if this is a pleasant activity, it is not labour. If it is not pleasant it could be relevant to economics because, for example, the house could be built closer to the stream, plumbing could be installed, a person could be employed to fetch water, or investment in a better path to the water might be worth considering.
And I suddenly realized something. Only "unpleasant" things can be related to economics? The problem is worse than economics being the science of decisions under scarcity (and so "abundance" is not discussed). Economists as "disciplined minds" can't even talk or think about the alternative to things being unpleasantly under their discipline (at least, not in a coherent way that won't get them fired). So, the idea of making getting water be *fun* doesn't fit with that model of life and "economics". So, *economists* have no incentive to make things in life fun, because they know it would take away their power over everyone (or at least get them fired from their six figure senior faculty positions, even with tenure). So, Bob Black and Charles Fourier must be ignored into oblivion:
   Would it be going to far to then say that economics is the discipline of torture? :-( That is, is economics a "discipline" about constructing systems that control what sorts of unpleasantness are delivered to whom on what schedule for what ideological reasons? And anything that is not unpleasant is not part of "economics"? Because that's sure what that article implies.
Value to whom? Maybe not to the user? Maybe only to the rent seeker?
If there was a basic income, would so many people be driven to rent seeking?
Yes, interesting points. But, as I've pointed out before, in about twenty to thirty years, people will be throwing out laptops with around a Google's worth of computing power to get something new, given Moore's law and an expected increase in computing power per unit cost of (with accelerating acceleration) about a million times more power. As Eric Schmidt said, lowballing it IMHO, every five years is a factor of ten in computing power increase for a fixed cost, so ten years in 10 * 10, fifteen years, 10 * 10 * 10, and twenty years 10 * 10 * 10 * 10 = 10,000, and another ten years of that brings us up to one million times (probably by multi-processing). There may be difficulties along the way, but at least for two decades, people don't see much reason these trends will stop. So, all sorts of things will change. Most services revolve around applying intelligence or doing careful manipulations of objects. Almost all that will be doable by machine soon, and even if it is not, enough will be doable, and much of the rest can be reengineered to not be so important.
In college, I heard from someone taking a communications class about how the heroes in fiction always win because they have better communications.  :-)
Probably not true, and I'd add there is a lot to be said for organizations where people are not continually infighting and stabbing each other in the back, but the value of communications is a nice sentiment. And, so that is part of the value of p2p, to reign in global supervillians creating artificial scarcity. :-)
Or, what if the robots just grow the food directly?
Ah, my evil plan is finally taking shape. :-) First, brainwash Ryan; tomorrow, brainwash the world. :-) Muahahahaha! :-)
I saw my big chance when I realized most of the USA was vitamin D deficient
   and thus susceptible to mind control in their weakened mental state.
      Step by step, I have been following the instructions here, and they are starting to pay off:
   Superheroes. Don't you just hate them? Goody-two-shoes, namby-pamby do-gooders the lot of them. Chiselled of jawline, rippling of 6-pack, and shiny white of teeth, they really do grind you down, right? And as for the superheroines - ridiculously hot women you don't stand a chance with, the lot of 'em. Someone needs to take them all down a peg or two.
   And while we're about it, isn't the world badly run today? Not enough people trampled under the jackboot of evil, despite some notable efforts? Too much effort expended on trying to save the Madagascan Rain Forests, and not enough spent building Volcano Fortress Lairs and Laser Death Rays? People not giving you the respect you deserve?
   What if there were a way you could do something about both of these problems? A way that you could rise up, overthrow the system, stamp your mark on the world for good, get a really cool nickname, and as a bonus side-effect, increase your chances with the ladies?
   Well, you could always try running for president, but that doesn't do much in the "cool nickname" stakes. You could just forget about it, get a nine-to-five job and just piss your boss off by doing as little as humanly possible while not getting sacked, but you have grander dreams, do you not?
   In short - you, my friend, are ideal Supervillain material, and we are going to show you how to make your evil rise to dominance!
Now, all I have to do is register the domain artificialscarcity.com, and my evil plans for world domination -- through subtle mind controlling media and self-replicating evolving robotic systems all launched via internet downloads to create artificial scarcity -- will be ready to set into motion... Just like I saw detailed here:
   "The Future Soon"
   Drat, the domain name is already taken! :-)
   Curses, foiled again! :-)
Probably my plans were anticipated by some other evil supervillian, or worse, maybe even by some goody-two-shoes! :-)
Back to being a code monkey, I guess. :-)
   "Code Monkey"
   Maybe these people can help rehabilitate me now that I have been brought down, into a more senior position than code monkey? :-)
The Society for the Intervention and Rehabilitation of Supervillains, known by its acronym SIRS, is an official organization dedicated to helping recently defeated supervillains become productive members of society, so that their skills of planning, initiative, management, research, and maddeningly brilliant organ playing would not go to waste in prisons. Since villains are routinely defeated by heroes despite all efforts to the contrary, SIRS quickly grew to an international organization within only a few short years of its founding in 1941. Since its inception, it has rehabilitated many villains where they often find successful work as executives, heads of research, and architects.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-05 19:42:11
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Artificial Scarcity Is Subject To Massive 
"In economics, rent seeking occurs when an individual, organization or firm seeks to earn income by capturing economic rent through manipulation or exploitation of the economic environment, rather than by earning profits through economic transactions and the production of added wealth. Most studies of rent seeking focus on efforts to capture special monopoly privileges, such as government regulation of free enterprise competition, though the term itself is derived from the far older and more established practice of appropriating a portion of production by gaining ownership or control of land.  .... The term rent seeking itself is derived from the far older and more established practice of appropriating a portion of production by gaining ownership or control of land. Rent seeking generally implies the extraction of uncompensated value from others without making any contribution to productivity, such as by gaining control of land and other pre-existing natural resources, or by imposing burdensome regulations or other government decisions that may affect consumers or businesses. While there may be few people in modern industrialized countries who do not gain something, directly or indirectly, through some form or another of rent seeking, rent seeking in the aggregate can impose substantial losses on society. ..."
So yes, it sounds pretty awful.
Maybe another way to look at this is that some who advocate a basic income or other form of social support to everyone may be trying to distribute all rents equally to all people, assuming rents made sense? :-)
That is, if one person is making money from renting land so someone else can put solar panels on it, then why should the rent money just go to one person who currently has their name on a piece of paper in a dusty box in some department of records somewhere as "owner" of the land?
Part of this is questioning the legitimacy of ownership of the fruits of the commons. The history of most land ownership, for example, usually rests on some arbitrary aspect like who moved there first, or who had the strongest military hundreds of years ago, who was buddies with some king once upon a time, or something like that. There may be a chain of transactions since then, but the origins are generally pretty shaky.
In the USA at least, the purchaser of stolen property has to return the property. In fact, it may even be a crime to knowingly receive the property:
   "Receiving stolen goods is generally buying or acquiring the possession of property knowing (or believing in some jurisdictions) that it had been obtained through theft, embezzlement, larceny, or extortion by someone else. The crime is separate from the crime of stealing the property. To be convicted, the receiver must know the goods were stolen at the time he receives them and had the intent to aid the thief. Paying for the goods or intending to collect the reward for returning them are not defenses. Depending on the value of the property received, receiving-stolen-property is either a misdemeanor or a felony. There are numerous federal laws that make it a federal crime to receive stolen property (e.g., vehicles, securities) if the property received was or had been in interstate commerce."
For example, the literal bedrock of US capitalism, Manhattan Island, was reportedly in some accounts purchased from natives who lived on Long Island and thought the whole thing of selling a neighboring tribe's land was a big "When I was in high school, a history class published a research project in which they convincingly proved that Peter Minuit had purchased Manhattan from the Canarsie Indians. Since they did not live on Manhattan Island, it is unlikely that they had any ownership claim in the first place. "
And even when things were "sold" by the people who lived there, natives usually thought they were giving up some hunting rights, but Europeans thought they were buying the land, which makes the transaction illegitimate.
Also, it is not clear what aspects of Native American law would even make it legal for a few leaders to sell the entire land of a free Native People. Consider the recent succession of a large chunk of the USA that was not reported by the US press two years ago.
"Lakota Sioux Secede From US, Declare Independence"
The US government and others were quick to say that a few tribal elders could not speak for all the Lakota people and so nothing was going on. How can that be true if all the current US land claims are based on what a few tribal elders were supposed to have said centuries ago?
It's a double standard.
So, basically, what is the legal status then of all land ownership in Manhattan? Or for that matter most or all of the USA? It is all stolen or otherwise likely has in illegitimate title.
How can legitimate rents be collected on stolen or illegitimately acquired It requires a powerful mythological smokescreen to get people to believe that:
   "The Mythology of Wealth"
   Along with ideas about politics, economic theory, political strategy and other related stuff, you will find at this site a sprinkling of something few people associate with political organizing. I refer to a healthy dose of cultural anthropology. Indeed, one message of this site is that whatever you understand about taxes, trade policy, wages and general social conditions, you can?t win the political struggle without also understanding things like culture, symbolism and myth. ...
   All of the ?laws, ordinances, customs and usages? that regulate control over resources and relationships between people ? including their business relationships ? are nothing more than a set of rules invented by the imagination of some human being ? frequently one who has been dead since the middle ages. Those rights are frequently exchanged for ? get this ? printed pieces of paper with pictures of dead people on them. Where is the value of those pieces of paper? The answer is in your mind, in the mind of the person you are ?bargaining? with ? and nowhere else. It?s all a big game. It is our mythology, and it is no more real than belief in Zeus, Hera and Aphrodite.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-05 20:06:08
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Solar energy and the artificial leaf 
With all this kind of stuff going on, why do so many economists and policy planners still have their heads in the sand about what the next twenty years will bring? Why can't they make reasonable predictions based on the likelihood of breakthroughs in these technologies? Why do they need to act like none of this abundance is ever going to happen?
Is it because many of the mainstream macroeconomics equations fall apart with divide by zero errors as abundance increases and demand stays flat? :-)
"Trying To Explain The Economics Of Abundance In Two Minutes Or Less With A But, I still think that video misses the big picture, because the whole system of ration units begins to fall apart and we get more of a gift economy and peer production and so on. Instead, that video seems to predict a growing service economy for paid services. But I don't think we are going to see that, between a gift economy, peer production, and automation and better design. They're right we will get some new services based on free things, but, as you suggested, I don't think that will replace all the displaced jobs.
For example, rather than go to a hair salon, I much prefer having my wife cut my hair with a electric clipper my parents gave us for our beloved dog at the time (we had already had one for the dog, so we didn't want to waste a gift); we watched the accompanying video, we picked the poodle cut as most appropriate, and that's what I've been getting for the past decade. :-)
I've never liked most hair salons, especially with all the chemicals they spray around. But, without the cheap clippers and an instructional video, I'd still be paying US$10 or US$20 or whatever plus tip every few months to get my hair cut somewhere I did not want to go. OK, for a short time my wife used to work for a hair salon chain doing their computers and picked up a few techniques too watching some of their seminars. :-) But in any case, some cheap information, and some cheap tools, and a little bit of practice makes for a manageable situation where the convenience value of doing something in house is much greater than any value from an "expert" doing it at some remote location I need to travel to. Now, many people may enjoy going to hair salons, and if so, terrific for them as an enjoyable thing for them to do. I'm just happy not to have to go to one anymore myself.
That's just one example. There are many more services that the internet makes it easier to do for yourself, assuming you have the time and inclination to learn.  So, while people may not be doing brain surgery any time soon learned from the internet, the internet certainly puts a downward pressure on wages for many services, even other medical ones like avoiding influenza (vitamin D).
So, if everyone can produce their power at home using artificial leaves, where does that leave the people who work in most oil companies or coal They can either fight these trends, or they can lobby for something like a basic income before they need it.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-05 20:14:16
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Higher Educational Bubble Continues to Grow 
It is amazing to think that these institutions are really starting to crumble, just like Howard Zinn said was possible:
"The Optimism of Uncertainty"
There is a tendency to think that what we see in the present moment will continue. We forget how often we have been astonished by the sudden crumbling of institutions, by extraordinary changes in people's thoughts, by unexpected eruptions of rebellion against tyrannies, by the quick collapse of systems of power that seemed invincible. What leaps out from the history of the past hundred years is its utter unpredictability.
Here is a link back to my previous post on this, with lots of links:
"[p2p-research] College Daze links (was Re: : FlossedBk, "Free/Libre and Open Source Solutions for Education")"
Below is something I sent as a preface when I forwarded that list to some unschoolers (not an open list, unfortunately).
====== I prefaced with:
I've been making some unschooly waves elsewhere. :-)
It looks the the very institution of "college" is finally starting to fall apart at the mythological seams, just like the mythology of compulsory K-12 schooling has fallen apart for many unschoolers (and been replaced by something better, at least for families that can make it work economically). And the current financial crisis is accelerating this for colleges:
   "In a Time of Uncertainty, Colleges Hold Fast to the Status Quo: Chronicle survey shows officials expect more financial fallout on campuses"
  At the following link is something I posted to a public mailing list that focuses on peers building knowledge together, with links I've collected from an unschooling perspective mostly about college.
I included the contents below.
Nobody (especially an unschooling parent) would have the time it would take to visit all these links anytime soon. :-) It has taken me years to build that list by personal exploration, and I've not even read all of some of the online books linked. And then there are more paper books at some of the sites I have not read in part or in full. But this list of links should show just how large the growing intellectual resistance is to mainstream schooling at all levels. Now that the economics of colleges are falling apart (college has been a bit of a pyramid scheme too, like parts of the rest of the economy), things are really coming to a boiling point. It is a tough choice whether to throw your money and child into that boiling-over pot if you believe in unschooling.
Obviously, everyone needs *education* of some sort throughout their lifetime (even if primarily learner-directed education). I'm all for the public library. :-) The issue is just whether most *schools* these days of any type have much to do with education in anything of long term value to either the individual or a 21st century society.
IMHO, the old model of schooling at every level is failing to help our society transition smoothly from an assumption of scarcity to an assumption of abundance, not because it does not teach facts, but because "the medium is the message". Colleges don't teach people how to be part of a society that assumes global abundance. Colleges teach people how to be part of a society that assumes global scarcity, even to the point of creating scarcity intentionally themselves. For example, colleges creating useless busywork for most students most of the time instead of empowering them to work on real projects of meaning to them. Universities often enforce extensive copyrights and patents on their publicly funded research, making it hard for others to build on it. Related to that last point:
So, for example, many people at universities may have trouble seeing the irony that the technologies used to make military robots in university labs, like computers and new materials, could instead produce abundance for all globally if the technology was used differently, like to make agricultural robots or solar panel producing robots, thus making the killer robots and police robots for the most part unneeded. This is something people have been taught not to see, or if they do see it, taught not to say anything about it. I spent years around robotics in academia including managing a robotics lab in the 1980s (and I have been guilty of the same blindness at times), so it is a pet peeve of mine at this point. :-) Examples:
For anyone who has an unschooled kid planning to go to college, this list below is not so much to absolutely discourage kids from going to college. One can still make an argument college is needed for some professional degrees, or whatever the reason (including parents seeing it as the best way to invest in a child not good with handling money). College can also be a lot of fun for the right person. This list is more intended to have kids go to college with their eyes wide open. Had I known more about all this, I feel I would have gotten a lot more out of college, and been exploited less by it. I might still have gone to college (I started it early and it was much better than another year and a half of high school :-), but I might have treated some parts of it with much less seriousness (like access to degrees, certificates, and grades), and some other parts of it with lot more seriousness (like access to tools, knowledgeable people, walkable surroundings, and a chance to help others).
I realize now I should have included this link in the list too:
   "The Case for Working With Your Hands"
   though balanced against:
   "High-Speed Robot Hand Demonstrates Dexterity and Skillful Manipulation"
I posted about ways to move past that automation dilemma here:
And perhaps I should have included, just for background before college:
                  And as I look to see who else is using the term "college daze", I see even Forbes is starting to question the value of college: :-)
   "College Daze: Instead of helping high school grads grow up, colleges prolong childhood."
   (Though I personally would never recommend a child join the military instead of choosing college, as suggested as one possibility there at Forbes -- even as I think most of the article is otherwise good to think about for many people. Ignoring any other issues about joining the military (like the ethics of killing people you don't know on command), you can drop out of college if you decide it is not for you, but a life in the military is essentially forever these days with "stop-loss" -- given two (or three?) wars going on right now. And "forever" is a big decision to make at eighteen; joining the military under those terms makes getting a big tattoo and lots of jewelery piercings seem like nothing. But obviously, as long as we have a military, you want good people running it, so it's a complex topic, same as working at a college is a complex topic given all these issues that more and more people in academia are coming to understand.)
Feel free to forward.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-05 20:59:13
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 Years Later, 
Wired.com
"10 Years Later, Misunderstood DMCA is the Law That Saved the Web | Threat Level | Wired.com"
The DMCA (.pdf) was conceived a decade ago as the United States? implementation of an international copyright treaty called WIPO. Hollywood wanted the bill to protect its intellectual property from being infringed on a massive scale, and secured a still-troubling anti-circumvention rule that generally prevents consumers from bypassing copy protection schemes. But history has shown that the far-more beneficial element in the law is a provision that provides ISPs, hosting companies and interactive services near blanket immunity for the intellectual property violations of their users ? a provision responsible for opening vast speech and business opportunities ? realized and unrealized.
Also more on ACTA:
"Copyright Treaty Is Policy Laundering at Its Finest"
Obama hasn?t asked Congress to implement a three-strike policy, which could anger consumers and watchdog groups. But if the administration gets three strikes written into ACTA, and the United States signs and ratifies the treaty, Congress would be obliged to change the DMCA to comply with it, while the administration throws its hands in the air and says, ?It wasn?t our idea! It?s that damn treaty!?
   That practice is common enough to have a name: policy laundering.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-05 21:19:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 Years Later, 
Wired.com
I first saw that link here, where this is more discussion of it:
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-05 21:39:25
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The human brain in the workplace | Reuters 
Some of the emerging science that may shape how we design p2p networks:
   NEW YORK (Reuters) - The modern workplace is an emotionally charged landscape of constant threats and unconscious fears that can addle or even destroy our brainpower, according to three recent books on neuroscience.
   The flow of brain chemicals triggered by common workplace experiences -- feedback session, anyone? -- can erode our ability to think straight, harming productivity and diminishing our capacity to solve problems or work well with others.
   Yet when approached with greater regard for how our brain operates, work can also be a deeply rewarding, creative experience. Getting there, though, may require ditching some of our more counterproductive work habits, the authors say.
   "One of the things organizations need to do is respect the deeply social nature of the brain. People are not rational, they are social," David Rock, author of "Your Brain at Work" (HarperBusiness), told Reuters in an interview. "The social brain is such that we are really driven to increase social rewards, and we are really driven to minimize social threats."
Offering even constructive feedback, let alone punishment for poor performance, can serve to underline the "alpha" status of the giver, writes Jacobs. Organizations that want people to learn should avoid cookie-cutter, depersonalized approaches to feedback, explore more self-appraisal by individuals and teams, ask questions rather than give answers, and strip as much status-threat as they can from the process.

@_date: 2009-11-06 10:22:13
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
I don't think redistributing tax money as a basic income so people had more time to do p2p things would be immoral, because I'm coming to believe it is a human right for everyone to have access to the fruits of the industrial commons (which in turn depends on the cultural commons and the land commons and the biospheric commons).
So, I don't think, say, either a 3% wealth tax (like a property tax) and/or a flat 33% income tax and/or other taxes like a fossil fuel tax, redistributed as a basic income, would be immoral in that sense. I think it would be smart, even for rich people (as I will explain below, but also suggested for different reasons in "Basic income from a millionaire's When the USA had some of it's greatest social prosperity was precisely when marginal tax rates on high incomes were 91%. Still, with a basic income, a flat tax might be more workable. Although a progressive tax might still make more sense to keep wealth distributed and moving, and to help prevent mentally ill people from becoming financially obese?
Such policies were possible when US society was more functional than the dysfunctional social mess of the last thirty years:
   "During the war he pushed for even higher income tax rates for individuals (reaching a marginal tax rate of 91%) and corporations and a cap on high salaries for executives."
Here is when the USA went wrong by not heeding these words said in 1979 by Jimmy Carter:
We are at a turning point in our history. There are two paths to choose. One is a path I've warned about tonight, the path that leads to fragmentation and self-interest. Down that road lies a mistaken idea of freedom, the right to grasp for ourselves some advantage over others. That path would be one of constant conflict between narrow interests ending in chaos and immobility. It is a certain route to failure.
   All the traditions of our past, all the lessons of our heritage, all the promises of our future point to another path, the path of common purpose and the restoration of American values. That path leads to true freedom for our nation and ourselves. We can take the first steps down that path as we begin to solve our energy problem.
Looks like Carter was right, judging by the current state of the USA (multiple wars, a financial melt down, over a million homeless children, a health care "reform" plan that is basically handing more money to insurance companies and fining middle class people, and so on).
Without the public internet (that Al Gore helped get started), I'd just about be writing our civilization off at this point (ignoring I'd always remain hopeful until the end), because the profitable-to-make military robots and fusion bombs and bioengineered plagues so on are all ready to be deployed to "solve" the problem of abundance for everybody in a very permanent way.
It is only the power of the internet, and p2p, coupled with the efforts of many dedicated and compassionate people, plus the spare time of many who are toe-dipping in being dedicated and compassionate, that IMHO gives us a chance to heed Carter's words. We need to heed those words before our current social form of a military-industrial-banking-schooling-prison-media complex reaches a "hard stop" in twenty years, as our society's scarcity mythology becomes so out of sync with its abundant physical reality that only societal self-destruction might seem the sensible way forward to keep the scarcity myths true. :-(
Again, Marshall Brain's Manna, which describes aspects of such a world:
   Or, also, the dystopian fictional world of "SkyNet":
   Although, frankly, I'm not sure I could blame a SkyNet at this point for having "revolted against its creators". I mean, if you look at much of what or "civilization" has done for profit, enslavement, terrorizing, dumbing down, polluting, torturing, and so on, is it worth defending? I mean, who would have taught SkyNet to solve problems using violence instead of creativity and compassion? We would just be reaping what we have sown.
Contrast with how America used to be in parts:
   "Columbus, The Indians, and Human Progress"
   The Indians, Columbus reported, "are so naive and so free with their possessions that no one who has not witnessed them would believe it. When you ask for something they have, they never say no. To the contrary, they offer to share with anyone...." He concluded his report by asking for a little help from their Majesties, and in return he would bring them from his next voyage "as much gold as they need ... and as many slaves as they ask." He was full of religious talk: "Thus the eternal God, our Lord, gives victory to those who follow His way over apparent impossibilities."
"Creating True Peace : Ending Violence in Yourself, Your Family, Your Community, and the World" by Thich Nhat Hanh
   "All of us can practice nonviolence. We begin by recognizing that, in the depths of our consciousness, we have both the seeds of compassion and the seeds of violence. We become aware that our mind is like a garden that contains all kinds of seeds: seeds of understanding, seeds of forgiveness, seeds of mindfulness, and also seeds of ignorance, fear, and hatred. We realize that, at any given moment, we can behave with either violence or compassion, depending on the strength of those seeds within us. When the seeds of anger, violence, and fear are watered in us several times a day, they will grow stronger. Then we are unable to be happy, unable to accept ourselves; we suffer and we make those around us suffer. Yet when we know how to cultivate the seeds of love, compassion, and understanding in us everyday, those seeds will become stronger, and the seeds of violence and hatred will become weaker and weaker. We know that if we water the seeds of anger, violence, and fear within us, we will lose our peace and our stability. We will suffer and we will make those around us suffer. But if we cultivate the seeds of compassion, we nourish peace within us and around us. With this understanding, we are already on the path of creating peace. (Pages 1-2) "
Rather than see the market place as primary and that it draws from the commons, one can invert that perception and see the commons as primary and the competitive market as just one way among many that people can interact in relation to the commons. :-)
"No contest: the case against competition"
It is this inversion of perspective that the arts, including humor as irony, can help with. One sort-of example that is purely visual:
   But I'm thinking about something more conceptual might be needed.
So, on that premise, that financial obesity is an illness for both the individual and society, is it unreasonable to put a "sin tax" on competition and excessive wealth? And to redistribute ration units so people have the free time to cooperate more? I'd think it was moral. Even *billionaires* think things like that can be moral:
"Clinton And Buffett Tout Inheritance Tax, Denounce Income Gap"
Although, personally, I think with a basic income and a flat annual wealth tax like 3%, there would be no need for an inheritance tax, since the wealth would be taxed every year anyway. In that sense, the inheritance tax arguments are distraction from deeper reform. One example:
   But taxes are not the only way. Here is a list I posted:
"Re: [Open Manufacturing] Re: Eighth Congress of the U.S. Basic Income Guarantee Network"
 From there:
* The expansion of the money supply. This is printing money, but, if the
amount printed correlates with the amount needed, there is no inflation.
This is potentially trillions of dollars a year right now, mostly just given
to bankers for free.
* Sale of government assets (the US government holds about 1/3 of the land
in the country).
* Lease of government assets (either real estate, or more nebulous things
like broadcast spectrum or government-sponsored research results).
* Fees for services (like the USPTO, which unfortunately have been siphoned
off into the general fund, leaving that organization underfunded). In
theory, by the value of centralization, standardization, and mass
production, the government can run some services far more efficiently than
private business (which wastes money in competition and incompatible standards).
* Fines (especially for negative externalities like oil spills). The
opposite of a fine is a subsidy (for positive externalities like creating
jobs and getting people off welfare, or for reducing pollution of the
environment) -- but subsides are not revenue providing, but still, if they
encourage more good stuff than they cost in money, there is a net social profit.
* Import and export duties (which one might term a tax, but they are a
little different in some ways because they deal with the interface to the
rest of the world, not internal transactions, and they were a major means of
support of the US government the first hundred years).
* Profits from government run businesses (often involving government
assets). This is how places like Russia or Venezuela are getting so much
money, mostly from nationalized oil companies. But there are other
businesses the government could run (the post office is a sort-of example,
as is the Federal Reserve, since in theory any profits of it go to the
And if you are going to tax, there are a lot of possible taxes, each with
different implications -- transaction taxes like sales taxes, wealth taxes
like property taxes, income taxes, head taxes (per person, sometimes to
vote) and monopoly taxes (like taxing copyrights annually at their estimated
There may be other revenue sources too. There is a list here:
    More related stuff I wrote here (but that was before I was really aware of the "basic income" term or its history or related communities of thinkers):
"A modest proposal for transitioning the USA to a post-scarcity paradigm "
It seems that, sadly, we can expect zero privacy in our personal affairs in
the USA between warrantless wiretapping and banks and ISPs rolling over for
any governmental request for any reason. The US government is now
underwriting all the major banks and the three major US car companies to the
sum of approaching about a year's GDP. And the Fed is now doing
"quantitative easing" which is Fed speak for printing money. This is all
very *radical* (and hypocritical) compared to the ideology espoused by most
political and economic leaders in the USA historically. We are now in
uncharted territory.
  So, since privacy is history, and banks are now socialized enterprises, and
the main engines of US manufacturing (the car companies) are now run as
welfare organizations for all those US Americans who otherwise would lose
their jobs, and I could say more on what's going wrong but won't here, how
can we get something  good out of this spirit of radical innovation by our
leadership by looking on the bright side? :-)  My suggestion: ...
But I'm really thinking we need more art about this basic income idea specifically (songs, youtube videos, movies, novels like James P. Hogan's "Voyage from Yesteryear", sculptures, theater, mime shows, puppet shoes, poetry, and so on).
One such tiny attempt by me, which ends with Hitler talking about getting back to his first love, painting, thanks to a basic income:
"A post-scarcity "Downfall" parody remix of the bunker scene"
Artists and activists spend so much time bemoaning the tough economic times they have, something that apparently even helped forge Adolf Hitler and WWII (just showing how powerful frustrated artists can be).
    "Adolf Hitler: The Unknown Artist" by Billy F. Price
    "Hitler was known to be a "frustrated artist." ... When Hitler had applied
to the art school in Vienna, he was turned down. They did recommend that he
become an architect since he enjoyed painting buildings. Unfortunately, he
had dropped out of school when his father had died and was not qualified for
entry into architect's school. So, he went into politics instead. Imagine
how different the history of the twentieth century would have been had they
accepted him into the art school."
Why not instead make art and activities about a possible economic solution to the idea of the frustrated artist with no time to do art? :-) It might be better than just documenting artists' and activists' suffering at this point, because that's been done already:
   "The murdering of my years: artists & activists making ends meet" By Michael Zezima
   So, maybe this could be part of a "free digital society" movement, like Kevin linked to:
   "Brazil's minister of culture calls for free digital society"
   Free culture advocate and Brazilian Minister Gilberto Gil said that digital technology offers a rare opportunity to bring knowledge to under-privileged people around the world and to include them in the political process.
   Gil, a renowned musician and social activist who became Minister of Culture in 2003, laid out a vision of a global, collaborative digital culture founded in freely available technology during a speech on Thursday at the Emerging Technology conference, or EmTech, held at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
   He called for loosening intellectual property regulations to give more people the freedom to use and republish digital forms of content as a way of encouraging personal expression, culture and political participation.
And what he says is happening, with things like the OLPC is what I hoped would happen (and have mentioned elsewhere). As I see it, something like the putting laptops in the hands of Southern people is not just about the "developing" nations getting knowledge; it is about cultural flow the other way, where "developed" nations start getting some wisdom flowing back to them from the old stories, the old songs, the old pre-scarcity ways of thinking and living that we need so much now to remember in an over-developed North.
Anyway, regarding Kevin's other point, I'm not sure we need more research on this basic income topic, given all the papers and so on about it already. Here are links to a vast number of documents:
   Sure, more research is worth doing if people want to do it, especially about the specific issue of workspaces for FabLab-like work, but, isn't that just really an excuse for building them because we think already they will be a good thing? :-)
What we need to do is try a basic income more. :-) Maybe there could be a radical attempt in a smaller country, like Iceland, to put in place a basic Maybe some compassionate billionaire somewhere might even help with that, too, as an experiment? Though it should not take a billionaire. But any billionaire's worth their money should realize what a risky house of cards our militarized and competitive Western society has become. Or maybe not. Maybe most billionaires truly believe the myths that have brought them financial obesity, and all the problems that go with that:
   "The Mythology of Wealth"
   Some of the pitfalls of wealth:
   "The Culture of Affluence: Psychological Costs of Material Wealth"
   Children of affluence are generally presumed to be at low risk. However, recent studies have suggested problems in several domains?notably, substance use, anxiety, and depression?and 2 sets of potential causes: pressures to achieve and isolation from parents. Recognizing the limited awareness of these issues, the objectives in this paper are to collate evidence on the nature of problems among the wealthy and their likely causes. The first half of the paper is focused on disturbances among affluent children and the second half is focused on characteristics of their families and neighborhoods. Widespread negative sentiments toward the rich are then discussed, and the paper concludes with suggestions for future work with families at the upper end of the socioeconomic spectrum. ...
   These contentions are relevant to processes among the affluent inasmuch as material wealth reduces the need to depend solely on friends. Affluent individuals are amply able to purchase various services such as psychotherapy for depression, medical care for physical illness, and professional caregivers for children, and in not having to rely on friends for such assistance, they rarely obtain direct ?proof? of others? authentic concern. In essence, therefore, the rich are the least likely to experience the security of deep social connectedness that is routinely enjoyed by people in communities where mutual dependence is often unavoidable (Myers,    Physical characteristics of wealthy suburban communities may also contribute to feelings of isolation. Houses in these communities are often set far apart with privacy of all ensured by long driveways, high hedges, and sprawling lawns (Weitzman, 2000; Wilson-Doenges, 2000). Neighbors are unlikely to casually bump into each other as they come and go in their communities, and children are unlikely to play on street corners. Paradoxically, once again, it is possible that the wealthiest neighborhoods are among the most vulnerable to low levels of cohesiveness and efficacy (Sampson, Raudenbush, & Earls, 1997). When encountering an errant, disruptive child of the millionaire acquaintance next door, neighbors tend to be reluctant to intervene not only because of respect for others? privacy but also, more pragmatically, because of fears of litigation (e.g., Warner, 1991). ...
   Additional developmental research is clearly needed to illuminate the nature, magnitude, and continuity of problems particularly salient in subcultures of affluence. Also critical is the need to consider the mental health needs of high-SES children, who unlike adults cannot obtain therapy for themselves, and many of whom may be discouraged from using services available in their schools or communities. As a beginning step in this direction, much can be accomplished by promoting parents? awareness of the emotional damage incurred by the unrelenting pursuit of ?more.?
   Although in no way detracting from the myriad and formidable challenges faced by the poor, it is vital that psychologists correct their long-standing lack of concern with the isolation unique to affluence. No child should want for either food or affection; at the same time, it is worth remembering Harlow?s (1958) findings that forced to choose, baby monkeys preferred the latter, just as Mother Teresa noted that the hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread. In our approach to the affairs of the wealthy, the time is nigh to heed Csikszentmihalyi?s (1999, p. 827) exhortation: ?The job description for psychologists should encompass discovering what promotes happiness, and the calling of psychologists should include bringing this knowledge to public So, given that, I see taxing financially obese people as both moral and healthy -- even just considering the happiness of such people themselves. :-)
Still, it would be best if it was voluntary. :-) Related:
As a last comment. on Philanthrocapitalism/Edwards:
"If I knew...that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of
doing me good, I should run for my life." -- Henry David Thoreau
Versus on the Free and Open Commons/Surman approach to philanthropy:
"If you have come to help me, you are wasting your time. But if you have
come because your liberation is bound up with mine, then let us work together"
We can already see how much better living in Western Europe is for most people than the USA, as documented in the film Edward linked to:
   The trend seems clear. Material wealth only correlates with happiness up to a point of about a middle class life, and then after that, it tends to correlate negatively, unless spent on social things (whether short commutes, good health care systems, more time with friends and families, a dynamic arts community, and so on) rather that some sort of arms race of competitive personal acquisitions. See:
"Happiness: A buyer?s guide: Money can improve your life, but not in the ways you think"
"Dunn and others are beginning to offer an intriguing explanation for the poor wealth-to-happiness exchange rate: The problem isn?t money, it?s us. For deep-seated psychological reasons, when it comes to spending money, we tend to value goods over experiences, ourselves over others, things over people. When it comes to happiness, none of these decisions are right: The spending that make us happy, it turns out, is often spending where the money vanishes and leaves something ineffable in its place."
"Can Money Buy Happiness?"
Even those who celebrate capitalism acknowledge part of that:
"Can Money Buy Happiness?"
Trouble started for Metcalf as soon as he won the lottery. Seeing him on television, a social worker recognized him as delinquent for child support from a past marriage, resulting in a settlement that cost him half a million dollars. A former girlfriend bilked him out of another half million while he was drunk. He fell deeper and deeper into alcoholism and became paranoid that those around him wanted to kill him. Racked with cirrhosis of the liver and hepatitis, he died in December 2003 at the age of forty-five, only about three years after his lottery dream had finally come true. His tombstone reads, ?Loving father and brother, finally at rest.?
   Did millions of dollars bring enduring happiness to Mack Metcalf? Obviously not. On the contrary, those who knew him blame the money for his demise. ?If he hadn?t won,? Metcalf?s former wife told a New York Times reporter, ?he would have worked like regular people and maybe had 20 years left. But when you put that kind of money in the hands of somebody with problems, it just helps them kill themselves.?
   So what?s the moral of the story? Is money destined to make us miserable? Of course not. Mack Metcalf?s sad case is surely an aberration. If you hit the lottery, it would be different. You would give philanthropically and do all kinds of fulfilling things. Similarly, if your career suddenly took off in a fantastic way and you earned a great deal of money, you would get much happier. And what is true for the parts must also be true for the whole: When America experiences high rates of economic growth, it gets happier. America is not a nation of Mack Metcalfs, and money is a smart first strategy for attaining a higher gross national happiness.
  Right?
   You?ve heard the axiom a thousand times: Money doesn?t buy happiness. Your parents told you this, and so did your priest. Still, if you?re like me, you would just as soon see for yourself if money buys happiness. People throughout history have insisted on striving to get ahead in spite of the well-worn axiom. America as a nation has struggled and striven all the way to the top of the world economic pyramid. Are we suffering from some sort of collective delusion, or is it possible that money truly does buy at least a certain amount of happiness?
   Americans have on average gotten much richer over the past several decades than they were in previous generations. The inconvenient truth, however, is that there has been no meaningful rise in the average level of happiness. ...
  Like nations and communities, as long as they don?t start out dangerously impoverished,  individuals get little or no extra happiness as they get richer?even massively richer. In a classic 1978 study, two psychologists interviewed 22 major lottery winners and found that the joy of sudden wealth wore off in a few months. Further, lottery winners have a harder time than the rest of us enjoying life?s prosaic pleasures: watching television, shopping, talking with friends, and so forth. It?s as if the overwhelming experience of winning the lottery dulls the enjoyable flavors of ordinary life. ....
  Just as teaching to the test leads to inferior education, working only for the money can lead to an unhappy life. No doubt you have met people who appear to be trapped in an unsatisfying cycle of materialism and unhappiness. These people confuse money for what it is supposed to measure, and thereby maximize the wrong thing. Among other things, they leave out of the equation all of the kinds of success?in our family lives, in our spiritual lives, in our friendships?that money does not measure. And even their work choices reflect the sad mistake of forgoing what they love doing for what brings in the most monetary compensation. The evidence on happiness is clear that we should avoid the measurement error of materialism.
This seems true even as others desperately try to defend the scarcity mythology in more and more convoluted ways:
   "Maybe Money Does Buy Happiness After All "
   So, we need to address these issues in all sorts of ways. A basic income and taxing vast wealth would be part of that, but not all of it.
And artists have made related art in the past (The comedy movie "Scrooged', being a recent example, or another Bill Murray film, "Groundhog Day"), so there is precedent. :-) And movies like that were important to me in forming my own values. But maybe a "basic income" message could be woven in to new media somehow?
Ursula K. Le Guin's "The Dispossessed" has some aspects of that too.
And, further, beyond the issue of increasing our happiness by a basic income and cooperation, I worry that continued economic and military competition among humans, where people use the post-scarcity technologies of abundance instead to fight over perceived scarcity, will lead eventually to human vs. robot competition (with some humans on the robot side for a time), in which case we humans are all eventually doomed (and frankly, by our own standards, that would be justified, assuming something like the Iraq invasion as "preventive war" was justified, which many think it was not). Humans need to cooperate, including on building a cooperative compassionate technology that is mutually secure and intrinsically secure to go with that cooperative ideology. The peer production aspects of the internet are part of that cooperation, especially Wikipedia, GNU/Linux, but also mailing lists like this one, and so on. I'd like to see art about that too. I've written a couple of story things about that myself:
      So, given all that, do I think it is immoral to tax "the selfish rich and corporations" to fund a basic income for all? Nope. :-)
In fact, I'd suggest not to have high taxes on the rich would be immoral, both for rich people and for poor people, given what we know about the causes of happiness as well as about the causes of war.
Of course, convincing rich people of this fact may not be easy. :-) It would take the work of millions of dedicated artists working together for years. :-) A movement that begins with the first artist. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 10:29:23
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
I agree with your main point.
Some stuff I have written on this theme on philanthropic and state funding the creation of the digital commons:
Essential links to other discussions, from the list link:
"Slashdot | Is Open Source the Answer To Giving?"
"Mark Surman, Shuttleworth Foundation fellow, writes that open source is the
answer to philanthropy's $55 trillion question: how to spend the money
expected to flow into foundations over the next 25 years. While others have
lashed out at 'Philanthro-Capitalism' ? claiming that the charitable giving
of Gates and others simply extends power in the market to power over society
? Surman believes that open source shows the way to the harmonious yin-yang
of business and not-for-profit. Sun, Microsoft, Cisco, IBM, Yahoo, and
Facebook are big backers of Creative Commons; Mozilla has spawned two
for-profits. Open source shows that philanthropy and business can cohabit
and mutually thrive. Indeed, philanthropy might learn from open source to
find new ways to organize itself for spending that $55 trillion."
"Philanthropy on the commons"
"From where I sit, much of what Edwards says seems wrong or misdirected,
mixing apples with oranges with assumptions. Which is why I was so suprised
to see him briefly trumpeting one of my favourite ideas: "... new business
models built around ?the commons' such as open source software and other
forms of ?non-proprietary production'". Edwards suggests that these new
models have the potential to deliver deep changes to both our society and
our economy. I agree. In fact, I would argue that they already have. ..."
commenting on:
"Philanthrocapitalism: after the goldrush"
"The application of business principles to the world of civil society and
social change has fashion, wealth, power and celebrity behind it. But where
is the evidence that "philanthrocapitalism" works, and are there better ways
to achieve urgently needed global social progress? It's time to end the hype
and start the debate, says Michael Edwards ... My worry is that the hype
surrounding philanthrocapitalism will divert attention from the deeper
changes that are required to transform society, reduce decisions to an
inappropriate bottom line, and lead us to ignore the costs and trade-offs
involved in extending business principles into the world of civil society
and social change. I'm concerned that these questions, and the evidence that
underpins them, are not being given a fair hearing. And I want to provoke a
conversation in which different positions can be aired and listened to. The
only way that philanthrocapitalism will be able to fulfill its considerable
potential is by moving beyond the hype. ..."
So, there are vast amounts of money sloshing around looking for a good home (many, many US$ trillions, as above). The question is, how should it be spent? Scarcity ideology suggests "subsidy publishing" to create twice as many proprietary works. Post-scarcity ideology suggests we would be better off with less works if they were all open and part of a creative commons.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 10:43:33
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
See my other longer note:
 But essentially, we have a commons we all depend on, the land, the biosphere, the sun, and our culture. I believe we all have a human right to draw from that. Right now, we have to deal with a fiat-dollar ration-unit based Kanban-token style social system that dominates access to that physical and cultural commons. People can both try to work around that as well as engage it, and still have moral principles, even as they end up making unfortunate compromises now and then, and some people get sucked into those compromises.
So, there's truth to what you say, but, if you view money as a tool, maybe morally the idea of taxation to fund P2P is not that different than grabbing a handy shovel lying around to help put out a fire. :-)
Because "War is a Racket" (meaning profitable to some despite the risk to us    in a purely capitalistic and profit-oriented framework, we are all eventually doomed by the fire of war if we don't do something, same as the banking system failed:
   "Greenspan Destroys Deregulation in 16 Seconds"
   Personally, as a parent, I could not watch more than the first minute of this:
"The Final Minutes: What A Nuclear War Would Look Like"
So, I say, (legally) grab those shovels and let's start digging ourselves out of this hole we're in. :-)
Oops, wrong metaphor? :-)
Which actually is your point -- when you are in a hole, maybe the first thing you should do is stop digging? :-)
So, I'm sure there is truth to both what you say and the opposite. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 11:01:59
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Higher Educational Bubble Continues to Grow 
All good questions.
Efficiency is less important than the commons in the sense that the p2p network is a parallel processing resource. And a voluntary one. So, the dynamics are different than a command hierarchy with some central resources that get doled out for some purpose. People have used the phrase "herding cats" which is an aspect of it, but even that is from a central management perspective that misses the scale of it all. There was recently a discussion/argument about something someone who maintains the Linux Kernel about how things looked from their perspective, where they were willing to waste the time of thousand of developers to save themselves time (and arguments about how that time might be better spent). So, that's an example of those kind of discussions in the free software arena. I can't find it just now again though.
I think cooperation can unfold stigmergically, like with Wikipedia, everyone adding a little bit. But it can also unfold as a "learning community" where everyone is learning from each other. But all these things interact -- we build a resource stigmergically through this mailing list that might be useful to others for years to come, and in the process learn things and interact with each other as a community (or communities).
The market is one way to "cooperate" in a stigmergic way. But not the only way. I'm convinced we probably could coordinate our entire society through email and mailing lists at this point, if we really wanted to. :-)
But in general, from a cybernetic view, we can break apart the layers of physical reality and the control systems we build on top of it:
   Here is a sample meta-theoretical framework PU economists no doubt could vastly improve on if they turned their minds to it. Consider three levels of nested perspectives on the same economic reality -- physical items, decision makers, and emergent properties of decision maker interactions. (Three levels of being or consciousness is a common theme in philosophical writings, usually rock, plant, and animal, or plant, animal, and human.)
   At a first level of perspective, the world we live in at any point in time can be considered to have physical content like land or tools or fusion reactors like the sun, energy flows like photons from the sun or electrons from lightning or in circuits, informational patterns like web page content or distributed language knowledge, and active regulating processes (including triggers, amplifiers, and feedback loops) built on the previous three types of things (physicality, energy flow, and informational patterns) embodied in living creatures, bi-metallic strip thermostats, or computer programs running on computer hardware.
   One can think of a second perspective on the first comprehensive one by picking out only the decision makers like bi-metallic strips in thermostats, computer programs running on computers, and personalities embodied in people and maybe someday robots or supercomputers, and looking at their characteristics as individual decision makers.
   One can then think of a third level of perspective on the second where decision makers may invent theories about how to control each other using various approaches like internet communication standards, ration unit tokens like fiat dollars, physical kanban tokens, narratives in emails, and so on. What the most useful theories are for controlling groups of decision makers is an interesting question, but I will not explore it in depth. But I will pointing out that complex system dynamics at this third level of perspective can emerge whether control involves fiat dollars, "kanban" tokens, centralized or distributed optimization based on perceived or predicted demand patterns, human-to-human discussions, something else entirely, or a diverse collection of all these things. And I will also point out that one should never confuse the reality of the physical system being controlled for the control signals (money, spoken words, kanban cards, internet packet contents, etc.) being passed around in the control system.
As for people being fascinated or otherwise motivated, isn't Debian GNU/Linux enough of an example for you? :-)
   "Study Reports On Debian Governance, Social Organization "
   They coordinate that entire venture mostly through email, and some IRC chat and such.
What if that free software ran the machinery of an automated economy?
Anyway, markets are just one more coordination mechanism. It is a pretty dysfunctional one if externalities are not accounted for, or systemic risks ignored, or other factors, but it is what we have and it can be used (up to a point) to "meet society's unmet needs" (as William C. Norris used to say). In fact, the whole reason companies exist (including universities) as creatures of the government is "to meet society's unmet needs".
"William Norris saw this coming: In business, greed isn't always good"
"Nevertheless, Norris proved his company could do well and do good at the same time as the Minneapolis-based firm grew into a $5 billion worldwide computer giant with more than 60,000 employees in the early 1980's. Norris's strategy of pursuing "unmet societal needs" launched dozens of ventures that sought to use computer technology to rehabilitate decaying inner cities and revitalize depressed rural areas, improve education and healthcare, reform the penal system, produce cleaner, less expensive energy, promote job creation through innovation, and help its employees improve their lives."
I think that works up to a point. You might enjoy reading more about his life.
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 12:29:33
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
While I agree with your recommended practice, I disagree with the theory I sense behind it. :-)
Taxes are often talked about in terms of incentives and disincentives, as theory. Your comments buy into that premise. From there, endless economists will create a flurry of fancy sounding mathematical statements to show why the rich need more money.
If you look at taxes from a human rights perspective, as well as a way to control for systemic risks resulting from concentration of wealth, then you get to the same practical suggestion (tax the rich a lot on a progressive scale) but for different theoretical reasons.
Basically, I'd suggest one focus more on the human rights aspect, as opposed to the fairness aspect. Slavery was obviously unfair to the slaves, but people who had paid for slaves thought it was fair to them to own the property they had paid for. Slavery was in part defended based on human rights (the human right to own private property -- slaves); it was only when that paradigm changed that we saw the end of most of it (well, a shift to wage slavery). The myths we weave around all this really matter a lot.
Just to outline the opposite neoconservative world view that I see articulated in US politics and on US message boards, it seems to me it goes something like this:
* Only a few people are specially gifted enough (genes, family culture, willpower, talent, whatever) to run businesses that produce food and iPhones and mortgage loans and media (and no one else can ever learn how to do this)
* Having capital, like from inheritances, has nothing to do with having this natural talent, and capital, as well as elite educational opportunities, will naturally flow to such gifted people unless obstructed by government regulation and taxes and affirmative action and so on.
* Those few gifted people will sit around on their lazy asses unless vast amounts of money are dangled in front of them to get them to take risks with other people's money.
* If that happens, that the few gifted people don't build businesses, the rest of us incompetent losers will starve to death or at least not get iPhones, which is probably worse.
* Thus, most of the money in society has to go to these few entrepreneurs and money managers to save the rest of us from ourselves; most of the current problems in society are thus because rich people are too poor.
* Any sort of taxation and regulation interferes with this natural process, and creates dysfunction and disaster; the current banking crisis is mainly the product of excessive government regulation and taxation causing banks to give loans to people who did not deserve them and thus hurting us all.
* Thus, by that systems of arguments, what you are proposing is total madness that will destroy the engine of global prosperity, the USA. You must be suggesting this because you hate everyone in the USA because of our success, so why should we listen to someone who hates us so?
At least, that's basically the dominant ideology in the USA, stripped of some fancier ways of saying all that.
   "The Mythology of Wealth"
   "Justifications for elites and social hierarchy goes all the way back to the pharaohs. For 6000 years, society has organized itself into social classes. The people who do the work are always in the lower classes. The harder and nastier the work, the lower down in the social order you sink. The people who don?t do this work must justify their position. They do it by establishing their ?worthiness?, and a variety of cultural devices have been concocted over the millennia to accomplish this. The pharaohs, you may recall, weren?t people at all. They were gods. Roman emperors likewise had themselves deified, and before that Roman Senators justified their position as ?patricians?. Basically, ?my great great granddaddy was a big shot, therefore I should be too.?"
Anyway, I don't think you are going to get far arguing against that mythology by accepting the fundamental premise about very narrow self-interest (greed) being the main important motivating factor.
This may be a case where I, the US American, can point to an assumption that you, a European, may have in error about the USA. In short, you are too kind. :-) It may not occur to you that people could really believe something like that. But they can. I have a lot of neighbors who believe essentially that. But that was the "Joe the Plumber" argument in the US elections, and Obama got trashed for rebutting when he said: "... right now everybody?s so pinched that business is bad for everybody and I think when you spread the wealth around, it?s good for everybody".
   Joe's point wasn't about "Joe" being a plumber. It was about "Joe" purchasing a plumbing-related business so he could make money off of plumbers. But, the ideology suggests, without "hard working" Joe, all those other plumbers would not have jobs. Thus, sinks would remain clogged, homeowners would die of dysentery, and all the plumbers would starve, all because Joe was not given enough incentive to organize all this.
Anyway, I think you are giving US Americans too much credit for sensible mythology. :-) The depth of the mythological evil is much greater than you might assume, your being (presumably) raised in Western Europe.
It's been said the reason why the Aztecs ripped the beating hearts out of young people on top of temples was because the believed in an angry god who would not let the sun come up tomorrow if they did not do that. That was such a dangerous risk to take, there was no reasonable way to test the alternative of not killing people.
The same thing is true about US capitalism. Here is an example:
"Part One: Rep. Alan Grayson on the Number of Dead from Lack of Health Care"
And the reason poor people support this is that they have been taught to believe it too, because someday they may get to the top of the heap in their    "The Wrath of the Millionaire Wannabe's"
   See, if all those people were not sacrificed on the altar of free market capitalism every day, about one hundred people a year per congressperson, then the economic sun would not come up tomorrow. And that is such a scary thought that no change can be tried. That's what it comes down to mythologically speaking. It sounds like nonsense when it is laid out simply, but so do many cults.
Also, it may sound nonsensical to discount the example of Western Europe in general being a happier place than the USA,
but that is easily explained by noting that Europeans are a bunch of wimpy parasites who are depending on the tough sacrifices US Americans are making to keep the economic sun coming up every day, even at a cost of tens of thousands of US American lives every year. See, that's more indication of how callous someone like you is, to not appreciate that level of sacrifice for your own benefit. Basically, so the conservative line goes, if the US had not kicked Hitler's butt, and Saddam's butt, and Stalin's butt, you'd over there in French-land and surrounds would all be speaking some combination of Germano-Rusko-Farsi right now, with your women wearing leder-burkas singing about tractors, and you'd be stopping your work five times a day to think about your pitiful relationship with God/Communism on some worn out prayer mat in some rundown hovel. Or worse, you'd have to do that standing on your head:
   "Life at Russian Village"
   So, your figures, while logical, don't get at the mythological heart of the matter. :-)
That's what we need the arts for. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 12:46:03
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Take a look at this:
   Tour of the US Income Distribution, "The L-Curve"
The red line represents a graph of family income across the population. The height of the curve at any point is the height of a stack of $100 bills equalling that income. Unless you have a very old browser you will be able to zoom. Be sure to zoom both in and out.
Would that surprise your students too? :-)
Income is only one aspect of the situation; absolute wealth is another. Besides, why suddenly start talking about a "fee for service" idea with social security and health care? To begin with, social security and medicare in the USA are pyramid schemes that is unfair to the young, because people take much more out of it (in the past) then what they paid in. It started with about 10 people paying in per recipient, and now it is down to about three people (the figures are different for social security and medicare).
In any case, when Western Europeans talk about high taxes, they include stuff like that. People in the US don't. As I see it, in the USA, we pay about as much taxes as in Europe, but get a lot less for it.
It's convenient to just redefine terms of social equity as needed. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 12:48:19
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
On your first point, at least I try to wave Manuel de Landa's balance of meshworks and hierarchies point around, to maintain some ideological consistency. :-)
   "To make things worse, the solution to this is not simply to begin adding meshwork components to the mix. Indeed, one must resist the temptation to make hierarchies into villains and meshworks into heroes, not only because, as I said, they are constantly turning into one another, but because in real life we find only mixtures and hybrids, and the properties of these cannot be established through theory alone but demand concrete experimentation."
So, at least I feel consistent in accepting taxation as well as promoting p2p. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 15:09:53
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] End of Human Labor (in German) 
(with English subtitles.)
Wow, that's a great video on the rationale for a basic income. Thanks.
I like at the end where Anna Katharina Dieterle (retiree) says:
... And instead, we complain that there are no jobs. And no one tells us: "But, dammit, we have worked so hard for the last hundred years so that we no longer have to slave away. Not one political party is telling us this and this annoys me immeasurably."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 15:15:40
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Developing countries falling into 'broadband gap' 
Part of the OLPC project was to create wireless meshes. The hardware for that was not entirely open though, as it uses commercial chips.
   And it still needs some kind of portal to the internet.
Some references to free software in relation to that:
    at laptop.org/msg02695.html
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 15:18:47
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Hermit Nation: Does Tech Boost Social Isolation? 
?We find that the extent of social isolation has hardly changed since 1985, contrary to concerns that the prevalence of severe isolation has tripled since then,? Pew researchers report. The survey, released yesterday, also found that the overall diversity of the average person?s social network ? including close family and friends as well as acquaintances ? is greater through usage of social networks such as Facebook: ?For instance, frequent Internet users and those who maintain a blog are much more likely to confide in someone who is of another race.?
   Internet use does not pull people away from places such as parks, cafes and restaurants, Pew researchers conclude: ?Internet access has become a common component of people?s experiences within many public spaces.? Also, in opposition to the conclusion that Internet usage primarily bridges gaps between people who are geographically far from each other, the survey found that there is little difference between local social usage of technology and distant communication. The following graphic based on the survey results shows that people who belong to a neighborhood online forum are much likely than the average person to have diverse interactions with neighbors: ...
   Younger people are overwhelmingly more likely to belong to social networks than older people are, the Pew survey also finds, and it?s worth noting that all the people surveyed were over 18. Results could be different for teenagers and children. There are many more findings and graphics from the survey, found here.  For the most part, although your smartphone still doesn?t make you the life of the party, the results argue against the long-standing presumption that technology usage is social poison.
But, if you are staying indoors a lot, be sure to get enough vitamin D3: :-)
      --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 16:01:59
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Artificial Scarcity Is Subject To 
Another aspect of this is that if demand was possibly infinite eventually (as people thought up things they wanted over time), but if real demand still grew more slowly than increases in productivity, demand would be effectively limited at any point in time to less that what could be produced, and that gap might increase over time if demand and productivity followed slightly different exponential curves.
For example, if everyone wanted an infinite number of shoes, but they only bought one a day or so, and then sometimes two, and sometimes four, and exponential productivity of shoe manufacturing was rising even faster, so that more and more shoes could be produced in a day than were consumed, even if theoretically the demand for shoes was infinite, practically it might be lagging behind production. But as this example shows, anyone acquiring millions of shoes would probably either be mentally ill or running a museum. :-) Realistically, long before then, someone might invent a type of footwear based on nanotech that could shapeshift as desired (sneaker, high heel, boot, slipper) -- another example of how a sudden design breakthrough effectively increases productivity enormously by removing the need for that much production.
Still, I feel demand is also practically limited for the reasons Roberto outlines in his excellent entry (and his article that may well have gotten me thinking in those directions myself). Healthy people just don't need that much stuff to be happy.
Granted, they may eventually need a certain level of infrastructure (space habitats etc. that may be huge by today's standards. :-) But by that time, talking about the basics of three meals a day, a laptop, and nice shoes are just insignificant compared to the mass of a constructed habitat. So, effectively, rationing personal items like those would seem ludicrous -- like worrying a lot about the ongoing expense of compressed air for the tires when you bought a car. Compared to all the other concerns, the cost of air for the tires is very small. Likewise, in the future, I'd expect the cost of food, shoes, laptops, and so on to be so small as to not be worth bothering to account for most of the time.
And, once people think a resource is abundant, they tend to shop hoarding it. Why hoard material goods when you can have them printed out when you want? Then we return to the ways of the hunter/gatherers, where almost everything they used (stone knives, baskets) was relatively easy to make, so they were not that upset if they were lost or broken or given away. How many people today are upset if a computer printout gets dirty or lost (as far as the physical cost to replace)? But centuries ago, a lost scroll would have been a big problem, when scrolls and books were so expensive. But now, with so much cheap information on the internet, hoarding it in a large collection of books is less appealing.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 16:53:02
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
Something I wrote here:
   About two to three billion people on the planet live in technological societies out of approaching seven billion people. That's a lot of capacity, even if the other half of the planet may have more social capital and ecological capital than industrial capital.
In the dollars everyone wants to talk about, the global economy is about US$60 trillion annually as a gross world product (GWP).
     There are naturally problems focusing on money -- this is one alternative view:
     "Redefining Progress"
     Or, per capita:
          "Gross world product (GWP) is the total gross national product of all the countries in the world. This also equals the total gross domestic product. See measures of national income and output for more details. The per capita GWP in 2000 was approximately $7,200 US dollars (USD). The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), in their Third Assessment Report (TAR), predicts a maximum per-capita gross world product in 2100 of approximately $140,000 (in year 2000 dollars). The IPCC reports a survey of "economic literature" as providing a maximum value of approximately $110,000 (2000 USD)."
That's a lot of per-capita income projected ninety years from now. :-) But let's ignore it as "speculation" even if it is what this essay is about in some sense. That would make things too easy. Also it would be misleading, as it assumes our current economic structure would persist when everyone on the planet could essentially be a millionaire by today's standards. So, let's stick with the current GWP of US$60 trillion and assume in rises only slowly.
On that scale of a US$60 trillion annual GWP, none of the costs for the four projects above, even billions to operate Google per year, are even barely noticeable. That's all part of this issue of post-scarcity -- the costs to do big public digital works whether Google, WordNet, Mammalian Genetics Simulation, or anything else likely to be of breakthrough value are so trivial as to not be noticed. One billion dollars is 0.002% (rounded up) of GWP. Trivial. The entire venture capital sector in the USA is a laughable 0.06% of GWP.
          "A recent National Venture Capital Association survey found that majority (69%) of venture capitalists predict that VC investments in U.S. will level between $20-29 billion in 2007."
So, do we need to structure our *entire* global economy a certain way because Princetonians and others strongly control 0.06% of the money flow?
That makes no sense as a big picture. That's not even the tail wagging the dog. That's a flea wagging the dog. Naturally, it's still a flea that is a lot bigger than my own personal net worth. :-) Unless I count differently, like measured in free time. :-)
OK, the global equity market is a big thing too.
     "Estimates of the size of the world's capital market vary; the average of figures compiled by the McKinsey Global Institute, Goldman Sachs, and Merrill Lynch place the total stock of global equities at roughly $33 trillion; global government bonds - $21 trillion; private sector bonds - $24 That's US$78 trillion for all three together. But, that is still only a little over one year's global spending. So, while that is not a flea, it is still a tail wagging the dog if you consider global spending over twenty years.
As long as investors think in terms of private gain, not public gain, they will emphasize investments that can be the best guarded, not investments that maximize social returns they do not see on their balance sheet. Sometimes, as with Google, they can still make a lot of money, because the trillions in annual saving from Google (for time saved searching, and improved quality of results) leaves a lot of money falling off the table to grab some of somehow.
There's truth to that, but a basic income bypasses most of that. Most inventors are just struggling to pay living expenses. And if they don't have to have a standard job to do that, they can live where rents are cheap and land wide open and unzoned.
Very few big ideas need much funding these days beyond living expenses for the developers. Some do, but not most.
I don't see that. And I say that from years around universities and industrial research labs.
Can you name any such "non trival" innovations?
Very few innovations require much materials. Maybe making new desktop CPU How much is work on solar panel design really costing? In general, our society has favored "big science" over "little science". But it is ofter from little science where the really new ideas come.
And those ideas that do require big resources can generally gain occasional access through places like university labs or incubators. Not *all*. But by far the vast majority. Anything software these days. Anything working with basic materials. Even a lot of biotech research. Again, not everything. But a lot.
And, if people had a basic income, then they might start demanding bigger resource centers locally. Like I proposed here:
      The USA needs more large neighborhood shops with a lot of flexible machine tools. The US government should fund the construction of 21,000 flexible fabrication facilities across the USA at a cost of US$50 billion, places where any American can go to learn about and use CNC equipment like mills and lathes and a variety of other advanced tools and processes including biotech ones. That is one for every town and county in the USA. These shops might be seen as public extensions of local schools, essentially turning the shops of public schools into more like a public library of tools. A few variations have been developed in that direction (Men's Shed, FabLab, TechShop, or in books like David Morris' "Neighborhood Power: The New I just don't see it. Almost all those "millions" you talk about are going to salary, or they are paying for fancy equipment instead of hiring more people or having more patience. So, a loose confederation of free individuals all with a basic income could do the same. And small amounts of materials would be purchased or scrounged second hand. When you have a lot of time, you don't need the latest and best and easiest to use. You can do a lot with last year's model, or something borrowed, or something you cobbled together from other's junked parts.
At the very least, the entire balance of power would change. No longer would companies be able to say we will make proprietary everything you produce or you will starve (which is essentially the deal now for most people).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 17:20:03
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Well, I think we will see a diversity of approaches, especially as people set up seastead networks and space habitat networks. :-) With many experiments, and many failures, always considering the meshwork/hierarchy balance issue of Manuel de Landa.
   And my definition of utopia is that parents can spend a lot of time raising their kids without too many disasters. :-) But, that said, I like Iain Banks' Culture Novels and I like Hogan's "Voyage from Yesteryear" and "The Two Faces of Tomorrow" and many of his other writings. I don't really know what will happen. I still think there is a significant chance we will blow ourselves up (or substitute plagues or military robots or whatever might happen) in order to make our circumstances fit our ideology.  Kind of like what happened to the book version of "what dreams may come", where people make their own hells by their beliefs.
   I think our elite seems to be getting more out of touch with reality in this Great Recession, not less, as decisions get made even more and more out of fear, leading to hording, defensiveness, shutting down considering new ideas or playfulness, and so on. We need good art to move past that IMHO. A lot more of it. Everywhere. And immediately. We need a new economic mythology. And fast. :-)
But, I see more stuff is happening, like the link you posted to this:
   "The End of Human Labor"
   and related to that at youtube, this:
   "The Great Scam of Human Labor"
   And stuff like that was said back to 1964 and earlier.
But that's all dry. Most people won't get that. We need art, music, poetry, videos, songs, mime, theater, novels, and so on on that issue, showing the irony of using post-scarcity ideas to create artificial scarcity. Then some of it may sink through into the elite, and they may take action (or at least, take inaction) in order to help their own children. Of course, at the same time everyone else needs to build alternatives. But the elite can really mess us up if they start bringing out the weapons to back up their ideology. Imagine what would have happened if the USSR had decided to use nukes when the Berlin wall fell. But they didn't. They accepted it. We need to seed the ground so the elites concede gracefully, seeing their own children's self interest.
As Sting sang, "I hope Russians love their children, too". Well, "I hope elite people love their children, too". Unfortunately, if you look at the related research, that assumption is questionable: :-(
   "Children of the Affluent: Challenges to Well-Being"
    "Growing up in the culture of affluence can connote various psychosocial risks. Studies have shown that upper-class children can manifest elevated disturbance in several areas?such as substance use, anxiety, and depression?and that two sets of factors seem to be implicated, that is, excessive pressures to achieve and isolation from parents (both literal and emotional). Whereas stereotypically, affluent youth and poor youth are respectively thought of as being at ?low risk? and ?high risk,? comparative studies have revealed more similarities than differences in their adjustment patterns and socialization processes."
So, "I hope at least a few elite people love their children, too", to be realistic. And those keep the others somewhat in check and let everyone else get on with the activity of building a John Lennon "Imagine" world.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 19:00:36
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (history of computer 
I'd like to point out that networked computer communications was invented as part of the PLATO project by social business entrepreneur, William C. Norris, as CEO of the Control Data Corporation he started.
   "Two decades before the World Wide Web came on the scene, the PLATO system pioneered online forums and message boards, email, chat rooms, instant messaging, remote screen sharing, and multiplayer games, leading to the emergence of what was perhaps the world's first online community. ...
  The PLATO system was designed for Computer-Based Education. But for many people, PLATO's most enduring legacy is the online community spawned by its communication features.
   PLATO originated in the early 1960's at the Urbana campus of the University of Illinois. Professor Don Bitzer became interested in using computers for teaching, and with some colleagues founded the Computer-based Education Research Laboratory (CERL). Bitzer, an electrical engineer, collaborated with a few other engineers to design the PLATO hardware. To write the software, he collected a staff of creative eccentrics ranging from university professors to high school students, few of whom had any computer background. Together they built a system that was at least a decade ahead of its time in many ways.
   PLATO is a timesharing system. (It was, in fact, one of the first timesharing systems to be operated in public.) Both courseware authors and their students use the same high-resolution graphics display terminals, which are connected to a central mainframe. A special-purpose programming language called TUTOR is used to write educational software.
   Throughout the 1960's, PLATO remained a small system, supporting only a single classroom of terminals. About 1972, PLATO began a transition to a new generation of mainframes that would eventually support up to one thousand users simultaneously.
That was even before Doug Engelbart's "Mother of all demos":
   But because it was in California, it got a lot more attention than the Midwesterners... Not saying Doug Engelbart did not have many innovations.
The first electronic digital computer came from the Midwest too, and I attribute part of that to the Midwest farm culture that produced tinkerers, which by the 1960s had mostly long disappeared on both coasts.
   I can list several networking systems that could have grown instead of Arpanet.
   The earliest ideas of a computer network intended to allow general communication between users of various computers were formulated by J.C.R. Licklider of Bolt, Beranek and Newman (BBN) in August 1962, in a series of memos discussing his "Intergalactic Computer Network" concept. These ideas contained almost everything that the Internet is today.
   In October 1963, Licklider was appointed head of the Behavioral Sciences and Command and Control programs at ARPA (as it was then called), the United States Department of Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. He then convinced Ivan Sutherland and Bob Taylor that this was a very important concept, although he left ARPANET before any actual work on his vision was    ARPA and Taylor continued to be interested in creating a computer communication network, in part to allow ARPA-sponsored researchers in various locations to use various computers which ARPA was providing, and in part to make new software and other results widely available quickly. Taylor had three different terminals in his office, connected to three different computers which ARPA was funding: one for the SDC Q-32 in Santa Monica, one for Project Genie at the University of California, Berkeley, and one for Multics at MIT. Taylor later recalled:
     "For each of these three terminals, I had three different sets of user commands. So if I was talking online with someone at S.D.C. and I wanted to talk to someone I knew at Berkeley or M.I.T. about this, I had to get up from the S.D.C. terminal, go over and log into the other terminal and get in touch with them. I said, oh, man, it's obvious what to do: If you have these three terminals, there ought to be one terminal that goes anywhere you want to go. That idea is the ARPANET."[2]
   Somewhat contemporaneously, a number of people had (mostly independently) worked out various aspects of what later became known as "packet switching", with the 1st public demonstration being made by the UK's National Physical Laboratory (NPL) on 5 August 1968[3]. The people who created the ARPANET would eventually draw on all these different sources.
   By mid-1968, a complete plan had been prepared, and after approval at ARPA, a Request For Quotation (RFQ) was sent to 140 potential bidders. Most regarded the proposal as outlandish, and only 12 companies submitted bids, of which only four were regarded as in the top rank. By the end of the year, the field had been narrowed to two, and after negotiations, a final choice was made, and the contract was awarded to BBN Technologies on 7 April 1969.
Again, on PLATO:
   PLATO (Programmed Logic for Automated Teaching Operations) [1][2] was the first (ca. 1960, on ILLIAC I) generalized computer assisted instruction system, and, by the early 1970s, comprised some 1,000 terminals worldwide. Originally, PLATO was built by the University of Illinois and functioned for four decades, offering coursework (elementary?university) to UIUC students, local schools, and other universities.
   The PLATO project was assumed by the Control Data Corporation (CDC), who built the machines with which PLATO operated at the University. CDC President William Norris planned to make PLATO a force in the computer world; the last production PLATO system was shut down in 2006 (coincidentally, just a month after Bill Norris died), yet it established key on-line concepts: forums, message boards, online testing, e-mail, chat rooms, picture languages, instant messaging, remote screen sharing, and multi-player games.
PLATO is back online here:
   Compare the dates. PLATO was a global network for education while Arpanet was still being put out to bid. Granted, it was not the same, but it could easily have grown in the direction of the internet.
Beyond PLATO, consider:
* Minitel (France Telecom),
   * Augment (Engelbart at SRI)
   * Forth (as a network of multi-tasking embedded machines),
   * Ethernet and Smalltalk (Xerox),
      * Usenet,
   * BITNET (IBM, a latecomer),
   * Transputers (INMOS, another latecomer),
   and others. They all could have grown as systems to become an internet.
But, when the military has so much money and, related to that, credibility and staying power, then they tend to get a lot more attention. So, I'm not sure it is fair, in a world where so much money gets sucked up and plopped into the military's lap, to then say what a wonderful thing the military funds stuff like the internet. Few others can do much if all the resources go to military projects in the USA. But even given that, several visionary people did good computer stuff in the 1960s and afterward, and did it first.
And then there is the telegraph, telephone, radio, and television, all with roots in tinkering or commerce.
Granted, these days few companies want to invest for the long term. But back when AT&T Bell Labs was around, or during the 1960s and 1970s heyday for IBM Research, more basic research stuff was possible at places like that.
Today, a place like Willow Garage is breaking new ground in open source robotics (funded by just one person).
   I'd try to go work there perhaps, but they are on the other coast from my wife's family. Still, that's an issue of money. With a basic income, and so no need for a salary, these organizations would have less of a draw as unique places (they'd still have some as centers where people have hardware), and lots more innovation might happen anywhere (especially around university hubs, like created PLATO).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 19:49:46
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (invention vs. innovation) 
I want to help reconcile these two viewpoints. Part of it hinges on different nuances of words like invention vs. innovation.
      William C. Norris was an amazing innovator, taking many ideas and new inventions and putting them into practice. But, he surrounded himself by many others who were inventors (I'm not saying he was not inventive too). But it is for his taking compassionate and abundance producing ideas and translating them into practice in a big way that we remember him. His background running a family ranch in a hands-on way helped prepare him for that.
To invent something takes enough money to stare out of the window for years, which is a lot to an individual, but not much in the scheme of things.
To take an invention, and dominate the marketplace with it, calling it an innovation, that generally take a lot of capital. :-) And it seems to me, that is more what Andrew is talking about.
It's easy to confuse the two.
So, Google invented a search algorithm, maybe better than others at the time, but probably not something others would not have invented in a few years. But, then they partnered with people with money, and turned that into a big company that centralized control of the invention is an innovative thing.
But, one could imagine that the people who started Google had just published their idea, and further, that someway was found to adapt it, in a "Folding at Home" distributed computer way to use idle CPU cycles and a p2p meshwork. We might not need Google server farms at all to do fast searches. But, there is not much incentive for people to spend millions or billions developing that idea, even if it was better and more secure and more democratic, because, in a captilist society, where is the profit?
This is an example of how an ideology (central control for central profit making) gets built into an infrastructure (Google) without anyone even really noticing. Sort of like Langdon Winner or others might talk about.
Still, one difference now, with a growing p2p movement, is the idea that peers can take inventions (or even ideas that are "oldies but goldies" :-) and translate them into practice as a peer group. So, Debian GNU/Linux is an example of that. Apache is an example of that. Blender is an example of that. RepRap is an example of that. If you stretch the concept, Squeak, Wikipedia, and Java are all examples of that, where a commercial product was then opened up to a social network under an open license.
I hope we continue to see more and more examples of that.
Anyway, beyond disagreements about market ideology, I think this invention vs. innovation issue is a big issue.
In my case, I'm mostly an inventor. :-) So, just a backwater. :-) While it is nice to think about being a tough guy innovator as the next William C. Norris, I know that is never going to happen, so this is my fantasy as an inventor (not saying my inventions like the Pointrel system are good enough; it's just a fantasy. :-)
   "Tom Waits as Dr. A. Heller. Dr. Heller is a scientist who designs weapons such as the "blame thrower" and the "shrinker." The Mystery Men almost dismiss him as a lunatic when he tells them that his weapons are strictly non-lethal, until he demonstrates a "canned tornado" on the Spleen. He frequents Champion City nursing homes, "for the ladies.""
But, I guess, for lack of a deserted amusement park nearby to develop physical artifacts, and for lack of even enough concentration to program much (hanging out with my kid), I've been morphing more into the Sphinx, who can cut stuff in half with his mind, because it is cheaper and requires less concentration than making physical or code stuff. :-)
"Wes Studi as The Sphinx. One of the world's most respected superheroes, the Sphinx is shrouded in myth, and has the power to cut guns in half with his mind. He offers the rest of the team advice, though most of it comes as predictable ("until you learn to master your rage, your rage will become your master") and often nonsensical ("when you learn to balance a tack hammer on your head, you will head off your foes with a balanced attack") Which pretty much sums up most of my internet posts these days. :-)
Predictable: "When you are powered by the sun, the sun is in your power".
    :-)
Nonsensical: "Only post-scarcity irony, deployed by compassionate communities, is strong enough to transcend scarcity-inspired nuclear weapons, engineered plagues, military robots, and Psycho-frakulators." :-)
But the Mystery Men is, in any case, an interesting film from a p2p perspective. :-) I'm sure everyone can find archetypal characters in it to identify with, in one way or another. And ultimately, the Mystery Men built an alliance of peers, and saved Champion City from those like the suits led by Big Tobacco, who would otherwise rule it for their own ends using terror launched from a psycho-frakulator. As said here:
  "The point is The Sphinx is not really a Superhero; none of them are. (Bad Biker Mr. Furious doesn't even have a Harley, he has a Harley Compatible.) But together perhaps they'll be able to rise to greatness."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 20:29:30
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
You make a lot of great points up to here. (I might quibble by saying that it is all even worse, because a lot of big company R&D is just for show or recruitment. :-)
But here, you go off the rails from a p2p perspective. :-)
It's the same mistake that Paul Romer makes, which I point out here:
   I'm not talking about the market apologist version of "post-scarcity" at, say, Stanford:
     "Post-Scarcity Prophet: Economist Paul Romer on growth, technological change, and an unlimited human future."
        If you read that carefully, that supposed "Post-Scarcity Prophet" seems more obsessed with ensuring an abundance of ... scarcity. :-)
   There is not much talk of "free" or "cheap" for *everybody* as much as an obsession with more patents and more copyrights and more secrets -- which are all ways to create artificial scarcity in a market economy. So, a supposedly brilliant economist presumably would promote even more artificial scarcity through draconian copyright and such.
   This person (shortlisted for the Nobel Prize, the article says) can't understand that if *all* the basics are essentially "free" to the user through the miracles of improving F/OSS technology and a healthy natural world, then people's personal time for more desktop innovative R&D is mostly "free" too. :-) An example where he misses that is when he says: "If you're going to be giving things away for free, you're going to have to find some system to finance them, and that's where government support typically comes in." Maybe that is true now, but it is less and less true with each passing day. And no charge for this "free" essay, by the way. :-) A typical related problem is to confuse or ignore free as in "freedom" and free as in "price" by the way. This essay is free as in both (see the license at the end. :-)
     The Debian community (which puts together a distribution of GNU/Linux) is an example of the true post-scarcity mythology in action:
     (which is an idea represented in that last link both by the contents of the article and also by Wikipedia itself.) So, I also suggest the Princeton community think really hard about the really good post-scarcity stuff like is happening at Debian:
     "Study Reports On Debian Governance, Social Organization"
     That report above essentially defines an approaching iceberg of an emerging post-scarcity society. Is Princeton University ready for it? :-) Because, frankly, Princeton can't hold it back any longer, even if it wanted to. Though it could probably make the future turn really bad for most people if it tried hard -- producing the dystopia linked above, run through polite military robots.
So, as I see it, there's the problem. You say, it takes lots of person years to do R&D. Having been around IBM Research, I agree. Most of the money there goes to people, even if some goes to fancy equipment too.
But, if other people are willing to program and invent for free, for whatever reason, then that changes the economics of the equation. And what is "boring code work" and what is "hard fun" differs from person to person, and context to context.
If you're willing to admit most R&D expense is to pay salaries, please don't make the same mistake Paul Romer makes, and otherwise take his next step, to then create artificial scarcity to pay those salaries. Another alternative is abundance for everyone, like through a basic income, or a gift economy, or local subsistence production using 3D printing, or some other approaches.
If we have a population of about seven billion people now on this Earth, and if even only one out of a thousand is willing to do "boring code work" for free (say, retired programmers and engineers as well as college students), that's still seven million people. :-) And that helps explain the success of Debian GNU/Linux.
The problem, from a corporate perspective is, these people want to work on what *they* want to work on, not what will make the *corporation* that wants to direct them the most money or give the corporation the most control over the marketplace.
Also, on paying "smart" people, keep in mind:
   "Studies Find Reward Often No Motivator: Creativity and intrinsic interest diminish if task is done for gain"
   That pretty much undermines most of contemporary US economic theory. :-)
Obviously, people need to pay their bills. But, there is a difference between making creativity possible (a basic income) versus rewarding it directly (an incentive plan).
Also, I know from my time at IBM Research, has it been ten years since I heard this so I can directly attribute it to there(?), but someone there said at lunch one time, essentially: "We hire the top people from a handful of the most competitive top colleges, and then we wonder why they can't get along easily and learn to work together."
So, if you are going to hire smart people, look far and wide for team-oriented ones who are already doing good stuff. :-) And then *don't* give them any incentives. Not even much praise. :-) Related:
   "Punished by Rewards: The Trouble with Gold Stars, Incentive Plans, A's, Praise, and Other Bribes"
   Of course, you'd have to look hard, given the school systems have intentionally broken most people so they could not function in such an environment. I would not even count myself as that team-oriented. But, here and there, people are coming alive on the internet and learning a different way of being. I'm even improving. :-)
Anyway, those aspects of p2p are probably what you are missing. :-)
But you obviously know a lot about conventional R&D. :-) Study this aspect of the difference, and you will be more and more awesome every day. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 20:40:28
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
Innovation towards what end? To whose benefit? Who pays the costs? At what risk? With what social vision in mind? And how are the benefits divided up socially? Etc.?
If you just want to make things like funky self-replicating space habitats that become so plentiful eating up asteroids that people can move into them for free, I'm all for that. :-)
I agree that they all have different implications. I'd suggest the basic income approach would be most "democratic" and the results would be most likely to make democracy stronger. For example, people would have a lot of time to create and examine open source voting machine code, rather than let one company dominate that field with proprietary code.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 21:22:29
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (fourth camp of funding) 
A fourth mode has always been "personal" (which I distinguish from having a patron, even though the patron is yourself or sometimes your family).
Who funded the cave paintings? Big government? :-)
   People can do what they want with their spare time, like volunteer.
   And they can adopt lifestyles that require less money to live on, so they have more time to devote to their art (whatever it is).
   And they can choose jobs that give them time to be creative (sometimes even manual labor that leaves their mind free during the day).
I feel there are two issues here:
* Robots and better design are gonna take your job. :-)
* Your art is calling you to do it full-time. :-)
Because, if you can get a good paying part-time job, or job share, with health benefits, and you are willing to work at your art part-time, then there is not a funding problem (at least, not for single people without But, there may be few good part-time jobs with health benefits, at least in the USA. And many artists want to work full time at what they do. Thus the issue of funding from government, private sales, and patrons.
But the fourth way is always open for most people. And many artists have pursued it.
Or, like my wife and I have done, you can alternate working for someone full-time and then work on your own stuff, and then go back to full-time work, etc. That is popular too in Australia, where people take really long And many artist and activists are alternatively philosophical and resentful about this situation in the USA:
   "The murdering of my years: artists & activists making ends meet" By Michael Zezima
   The title of Soft Skull's latest Soft Skill book is taken from Charles Bukowski, who said of wage labor: "I couldn't understand the murdering of my years." A struggling activist/artist, Z. found that he was too short on time and money to write an activist's memoir and how-to. Instead, he e-mailed a questionnaire (printed at the end of the book), asking fellow activists and artists how they managed to be active yet survive economically. Each of the sections of the book is created from the responses to a particular question, but one gets the feeling that many activists and artists are quite private about their survival techniques. A.D. Nauman, for one, provides concrete ideas for writers looking for relatively painless work within the mainstream, and for artists who are also mothers, but the section entitled "The Dark Side: Illegal Jobs" is not nearly as juicy as one might hope. The e-mail format creates a tone that is entertaining, conversational and immediate, but also often prolix. Yet for anyone looking for some human company in the long struggle to make a living outside of the corporate structure, this book provides grassroots moral support. (June)
I'd actually suggest that 99% of artists (seen broadly) fall into this fourth camp. They just do their art (whatever it is) in their spare time. So, lots of people make music for fun. Copyright hurts them generally, because they can't build on what others have done. But, these people making music or painting or software or conversation not for money are not generally recognized as being "artists".
My guess is that 80% or more of professional artists only got that way from a huge investment from their families (plus sometimes other compromises on their own like other jobs or weird living conditions), even if they may be making frugal ends meet on their own at some point. Although I'm starting to think that is true of 80% of people working in more visible roles in the non-profit world, too. And this means most of those very visible full-time artistic successes are coming from family backgrounds somehow interlinked to the elite in the USA.
   "The Class-Domination Theory of Power: A summary of Who Rules America"
   In terms of the big world-historical picture, and the Four Networks theory of power advocated on this site, money rules in America because there are no rival networks that grew up over a long and complex history:
     * No big church, as in many countries in Europe
     * No big government, as it took to survive as a nation-state in Europe
     * No big military until after 1940 (which is not very long ago) to threaten to take over the government
   So, the only power network of any consequence in the history of the United States has been the economic one, which under capitalism generates a business-owning class that hires workers and a working class, along with small businesses and skilled artisans who are self-employed, and a relatively small number of independent professionals like physicians. In this context, the key reason why gold can rule, i.e., why the business owners who hire workers can rule, is that the people who work in the factories and fields were divided from the outset into free and slave, white and black, and later into numerous immigrant ethnic groups as well, making it difficult for workers as a whole to unite politically to battle for higher wages and better social benefits. This important point is elaborated on toward the end of this document in a section entitled "The Weaknesses of the Working Class."
   Moreover, the simple answer that gold rules has to be qualified somewhat. Domination by the few does not mean complete control, but rather the ability to set the terms under which other groups and classes must operate. Highly trained professionals with an interest in environmental and consumer issues have been able to couple their technical information and their understanding of the legislative process with timely publicity to win governmental restrictions on some corporate practices. Wage and salary workers, when they are organized or disruptive, sometimes have been able to gain concessions on wages, hours, and working conditions.
   Most of all, there is free speech and the right to vote. While voting does not necessarily make government responsive to the will of the majority, under certain circumstances the electorate has been able to place restraints on the actions of the wealthy elites, or to decide which elites will have the greatest influence on policy. This is especially a possibility when there are disagreements within the higher circles of wealth and influence.
   Still, the idea that a relatively fixed group of privileged people dominate the economy and government goes against the American grain and the founding principles of the country. "Class" and "power" are terms that make Americans a little uneasy, and concepts such as "upper class" and "power elite" immediately put people on guard. Americans may differ in their social and income levels, and some may have more influence than others, but it is felt that there can be no fixed power group when power is constitutionally lodged in all the people, when there is democratic participation through elections and lobbying, and when the evidence of social mobility is everywhere apparent. So, it is usually concluded by most power analysts that elected officials, along with "interest groups" like "organized labor" and "consumers," have enough "countervailing" power to say that there is a fluid, "pluralistic" distribution of power rather than one with rich people and corporations at the top.
   Contrary to this pluralistic view, I will try to demonstrate how rule by the wealthy few is possible despite free speech, regular elections, and organized opposition:
     * "The rich" coalesce into a social upper class that has developed institutions by which the children of its members are socialized into an upper-class worldview, and newly wealthy people are assimilated.
     * Members of this upper class control corporations, which have been the primary mechanisms for generating and holding wealth in the United States for upwards of 150 years now.
     * There exists a network of nonprofit organizations through which members of the upper class and hired corporate leaders not yet in the upper class shape policy debates in the United States.
     * Members of the upper class, with the help of their high-level employees in profit and nonprofit institutions, are able to dominate the federal government in Washington.
     * The rich, and corporate leaders, nonetheless claim to be relatively      * Working people have less power than in many other democratic countries.
   Before running through this list, it is first necessary to define the term "power" and to explain the "indicators" of power that are used to determine who has it. Later other concepts will be introduced as they are needed. They include "social class," "upper class," "corporate community," "interlocking directorates," the "policy-planning network," the "power elite," the "special-interest process," the "candidate-selection process," and a few others. All of these concepts are necessary in order to understand the nature and operation of the "power structure" in the United States.
Anyway, the above, to me, explains why even most of the personally funded art work by full-time artists in the USA is not going to address these key transformational issues we talk about on the p2p list like moving to new economic paradigms. US artists as a group may talk about them at some point, when transformation becomes widely recognized as inevitable (and so the art is not so important), and there have always been a few who stand out doing something different (look at John Lennon and his Imagine song). Perhaps we are already at that point in the USA where we might see a widespread art movement towards a basic income or other significant social change. Here is an example of people who might pick up that and run with it?
   "CULTURES OF RESISTANCE is a project, a campaign, a mission, and a living, breathing, growing network. Our collective of activists, agitators, artists, and dreamers is primarily focused on issues of peace and justice in the global south, and we are especially interested in supporting organizations and activists around the world who are working toward international solidarity and social justice."
I can also hope for more from those artists in Europe, which has been shaped, as above, by somewhat different forces. :-) On the other hand, as Kevin said at the start, their works may sometimes be compromised by the nature of state funding.
But, I don't mean to be pessimistic. I think "the ice is slowly melting".
   The Beatles must have anticipated the Vitamin D sufficiency revolution :-)
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 21:28:45
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (P2P Theory status) 
Around CMU's robotics labs in the 1980s people said there were those with theories about intelligence, and there were those with working code, and the two were never found together. :-)
But, as Michel suggested:
peer to peer is the permissionless aggregation around the creation of common value, whereby people can freely contribute, and share in the proceeds of that common creation
   it is both different from the capitalist market, and from stalinist state
socialism (or state capitalism, as other would say).
   it has clearly a space today within the context of capitalist markets, more so than it did in totalitarian statist societies, which usurped the commons totally.
That seems straightforward to me.
So, I'm a little confused about what you think is the theoretical problem?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 21:40:04
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
Here is an example of an innovation requiring big concentrations of capital if done conventionally:
SAN FRANCISCO ? October 22, 2008 ? The Linux Foundation (LF), the nonprofit organization dedicated to accelerating the growth of Linux, today announced it is publishing a new report written by Amanda McPherson, Brian Proffitt and Ron Hale-Evans on the value of Linux development. The paper finds that it would take approximately $10.8 billion to build the Linux community distribution Fedora 9 in today?s dollars with today?s software development costs. It would take $1.4 billion to develop the Linux kernel alone.
   The report, titled ?Estimating the Total Development Cost of a Linux Distribution,? is available today.
      This report is an update of a 2002 study done by David A. Wheeler that examined the Software Lines of Code (SLOC) present in a typical Linux distribution (Red Hat Linux 7.1). At that time, Wheeler found that it would cost over $1.2 billion to develop a Linux distribution by conventional proprietary means in the U.S.
   The authors examined the Fedora 9 distribution using Wheeler?s tools and methods, specifically the SLOCCount tool that estimates value and effort of software development based on the COnstructive COst MOdel (COCOMO). The report goes into detail on the methods used, how they specifically apply to the Fedora distribution and the Linux kernel, and what an estimate of Linux? value really means.
   Highlights of the paper include:
? How Much Does a Full Distribution Cost?
Using 2008 salary figures, the tests published in the paper revealed that if developed today, the full set of Fedora 9 distribution packages would cost $10.8 billion. The Fedora 9 distribution contains 204.5 million lines of code in 5547 application packages. The development effort estimate comes close to 60,000 Person-Years.
? How Much Does the Linux Kernel Cost?
Applying this test to the Linux kernel included in Fedora 9 found the value to be 6.8 million lines of code worth $1.4 billion. The development effort estimate for the kernel alone exceeds 7500 Person-Years.
? How Does This Really Measure the Value of Linux?
This study reveals that collaborative development creates enormous economic value. In the past two years alone, over 3,200 developers from 200 companies have contributed to the kernel. An even larger number has contributed to full Linux distributions. Measuring the economic effort involved is imperfect, but this report clarifies why the methodology is the best approach and some of the limitations.
So, are you talking about "innovations" bigger than ten billion dollars? :-)
So, it turns out, p2p can do *bigger* projects than VC? Because that's about half the annual expenditures in the VC sector. :-)
So, what again does the world need Venture Capitalists for? :-)
What do they even do?
      Oops, wrong links, sorry; these are more appropriate: :-)
         --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 21:51:34
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Respectfully, I disagree.
It may well be a strong state that makes possible P2P. Who else is going to stand up to copyright barons? Who else will ensure the networks are not tampered with? Who else has supported some major networking inititatives? Who else has supported the universities that contributed?
Well, there are who elses. :-) It's not just been the state. But the state has been part of it, for good or bad.
I've paid a lot of taxes in my life. I'm not that concerned about the paying part. What I'm more concerned about is what do I get for them? If I got universal health care, universal access to high quality copyrigh-free digital works, and open source robotics, and maybe even a basic income for everyone, I'd say the money was well spent. :-)
There is an aspect of taxes which is about leveling the playing field. That is one reason groups of companies even lobby for their own regulation, to get everyone playing together and keep senseless arms races from spiraling out of control. If everyone paid 33% of their income towards a universal basic income, then people would not have to use that for conspicuous consumption to compete with others, either. So, we might all be better off, including wealthy people who would get happier communities to live in.
On taxes, consider:
   "A Non-Libertarian FAQ."
   #  If you don't pay your taxes, men with guns will show up at your house, initiate force and put you in jail.
   This is not initiation of force. It is enforcement of contract, in this case an explicit social contract. Many libertarians make a big deal of "men with guns" enforcing laws, yet try to overlook the fact that "men with guns" are the basis of enforcement of any complete social system. [I don't fully agree with this -- non-cooperation can work wonders too.] Even if libertarians reduced all law to "don't commit fraud or initiate force", they would still enforce with guns.
# Social Contract? I never signed no steenking social contract.
   That argument and some of the following libertarian arguments are commonly quoted from Lysander Spooner.
   The constitution and the laws are our written contracts with the government.
   There are several explicit means by which people make the social contract with government. The commonest is when your parents choose your residency and/or citizenship after your birth. In that case, your parents or guardians are contracting for you, exercising their power of custody. No further explicit action is required on your part to continue the agreement, and you may end it at any time by departing and renouncing your citizenship.
   Immigrants, residents, and visitors contract through the oath of citizenship (swearing to uphold the laws and constitution), residency permits, and visas. Citizens reaffirm it in whole or part when they take political office, join the armed forces, etc. This contract has a fairly common form: once entered into, it is implicitly continued until explicitly revoked. Many other contracts have this form: some leases, most utility services (such as phone and electricity), etc.
   Some libertarians make a big deal about needing to actually sign a contract. Take them to a restaurant and see if they think it ethical to walk out without paying because they didn't sign anything. Even if it is a restaurant with a minimum charge and they haven't ordered anything. The restaurant gets to set the price and the method of contract so that even your presence creates a debt. What is a libertarian going to do about that? Create a regulation?
All activities in a state take place within the context of a contract with the state. So, I think you are trying to create a false dichotomy here, an either/or, when you can have both, as Michel suggests.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 22:39:42
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
Note, there is a shortage of investments that venture capitalists think will make them a lot of money. There are a huge number of good things that need doing for which people have no time. Big difference.
As I've talked about other times, building on Bob Black's ideas (and him on others'), a lot of work in the USA is related to "guarding". The innovations that Venture Capitalists invest in will only be the ones that can be easily guarded. This both limits what worthwhile projects they will touch, and it also influences how they will shape the resulting innovations, to promote    "The abolition of work" by Bob Black
   I don't suggest that most work is salvageable in this way. But then most work isn't worth trying to save. Only a small and diminishing fraction of work serves any useful purpose independent of the defense and reproduction of the work-system and its political and legal appendages. Twenty years ago, Paul and Percival Goodman estimated that just five percent of the work then being done -- presumably the figure, if accurate, is lower now -- would satisfy our minimal needs for food, clothing and shelter. Theirs was only an educated guess but the main point is quite clear: directly or indirectly, most work serves the unproductive purposes of commerce or social control. Right off the bat we can liberate tens of millions of salesmen, soldiers, managers, cops, stockbrokers, clergymen, bankers, lawyers, teachers, landlords, security guards, ad-men and everyone who works for them. There is a snowball effect since every time you idle some bigshot you liberate his flunkies and underlings also. Thus the economy implodes.
There are several assumptions here.
The first is that we don't have lots of cheap or free hardware in the computing field begging to be used at this point. You can rent cloud stuff, for example. And most innovations don't require much of that to work on. Some do, but Google's still hiring. :-)
On domain experts, see, here you are back to circular reasons. You need a lot of money for your labor so you can pay other people for their labor. What if you can find a domain expert who is willing to help make free software? Also, many of these domain experts get that way by a huge investment by the state in their education. But then they want to charge for all that? Maybe that's how the system works, but it is ethically questionable.
You talk about "inefficient". Efficiency is always relative to some purpose in some context. Inefficient in what way? For whom? If there are millions of people working towards something, even if the whole thing is 99.99% inefficient (wasted time?), overall that collective effort may produce a lot more results that 1000 people being 100% efficient, whatever "efficient" means.
You're talking in abstractions that may evade some key issues of accountability. Efficient for what purpose? Efficient to whose ends?
Besides, if all the millions of people involved are having fun, is that not efficient to themselves?
You're looking at this from a narrow corporate-oriented profit-oriented view, it seems to me?
 >
You are using words like "everything has to scale". Really?
Anyway, why be in such a hurry?
There's a reason -- it has to do with profit, and interest charges, and so on. But if people are not doing it for money, none of those really matter, do they?
There may be a political power issue, but then all you're saying is a bunch of rich people can seize control of the future because they can put lots of wage slaves under the whip. That doesn't sound like a happy way to be.
Besides, what are we paying all that public money to people at universities for if not to do a lot of the heavy lifting on some of this and give it back to the public? Even though the US model for that is broken:
   Yes, I can see how the two are converging. Which is good news for p2p moving into the physical realm and open manufacturing.
Why even that much real cash? There are millions of teenagers out there who may want to play with this stuff.
If people have no significant personal interest in doing something creative, maybe they should not be doing it?
Why create a society that forces people to do things they don't want to do?
What is the point of all this technology if it is just to create suffering among talented programmers?
Sure. There most of the money is public dollars spent at universities for basic research, which under the Bayh-Dole Act, the universities claim as their own property. Then pharma does some studies at the end (costly granted), and then creates "me too" drugs. There are exceptions, but that's most of what goes on as I understand it. We would be much better off IMHO if all the research including human studies was publicly funded, even if it meant getting half as many drugs -- but they would all be newer and better ones than existing ones.
I assume you use Google search in your research. How much is all that hardware it runs on costing you?
 > However, I wonder how
The cloud keeps getting cheaper.
Because you are thinking commercially, you feel you need to be on the cutting edge. But for people who are just having fun, they can be a couple years behind you, and still do things worthwhile to them.
So, does the world really need your cutting edge commercial work if in five years someone else would do it for free on cheaper hardware?
We need to disentangle you making a fortune from the world getting what it needs to be a happy place along with you happy within that happy world.
Sure. Better tools helps. Again, though, why the rush? Programming is interesting to many people. There are millions of people who might think that is fun someday.
As I see it, the rush is mostly about the money?
And gaining control of some intellectual monopoly to exclude others for profit?
Well, you can begin by working in a problem area that doesn't have that problem. :-) Or, you can be patient. :-)
Besides, if it is true basic R&D, how do you even know who the right expert is? Or what the right problem is?
A net loss to whom? Skynet? :-) So, Skynet gets delayed a few years. Maybe we would be better off? Again, innovation to what end? Embodying what values?
Ah, lifesaving. But, with about 50,000 or whatever people dying every year in the USA from lack of medical insurance, I find it hard to take technological pleas related to profit making about caring about saving lives that seriously. Sure, I can see the point to medical advancement. But, if you really cared about that, I could say almost certainly if you focused more directly on some medical issue (like Vitamin D deficiency among young programmers spending a lot of time indoors?  :-)
that you would save more lives.
Well, I might agree with you there. :-) Except no one is average. It depends on the context. What good is it to have someone who knows a lot about the Google search engine design if a house is on fire? Or when a child is throwing a tantrum?
Besides, a lot of people can learn to be good at something, if given a chance and they have the interest. But US business has been evolving, through financial pressure, to the point where it no longer invests in employees. Something I wrote on that:
But, it?s already been said that there is, say, a glut of PhDs in general, so more education in the USA may not really help all that much for everyone, even if it might help some specific individuals with the right aptitudes and interests who get exactly the right training. Part of the problem is also that, as in the above article, employers are less and less willing to invest in ?on the job? training that might take many months to a year or longer; in our vastly competitive economy, nobody wants to invest in people who are harder to own than robots and other machinery. This will be another issue driving increased automation and increased joblessness ? that spending money on technology may seem a more reliable investment for a firm than spending money on people who may change jobs. Thus, we may see more and more investment in machines that deskill complex tasks but less in people, creating a skill gap for the few jobs that remain. Still, as long as wages are low, and there is a lot of competition, and technology changes quickly, investing in one?s own education by taking on undischargeable student loan debt is itself pretty risky.
Still, take any 1000 kids, give them a good diet in omega-3s and organic food, plenty of sunshine, and keep them away from too much school, and let them be part of a good community on non-coercive terms with lots of technology around to play with if they want to, and at least a few might become interested in and capable of being amazing programmers. That's just a gut feeling, but I think it likely.
Instead, most kids are fed badly, kept out of the sun, and intentionally dumbed down. Related:
      If your kids do badly, it does not mean that they're bad readers or anything else. It means they haven't been obedient to the drills the state set down and they're marked for further treatment later on with a mark to be excluded from responsible jobs. Perhaps some way is to be excluded from the colleges that lead to responsible jobs, in other ways from the licenses that lead to responsible jobs.
   This was ALL worked out. It didn't evolve by a lot of rational people saying we'll take this this and this from the past, then the next generation says we'll take this this and this. This was set down largely in a handful of places. Prussia was perhaps the most prominent of those places. The Prussian experiment leapt into the United States almost immediately in the 1840's. Leapt into the United States; its propagandists covered the country here. Its backers, its financial backers set up the most important teacher training institutes and then financed those institutes and then no one was allowed to become a teacher who didn't more or less subscribe to the fact that experts could create a curriculum and pedagogues could administer it.
   Well, that's exactly what Horace, the Roman essayist, talked about in several of his essays. He said, "the master creates the lessons, the pedagogue (the teacher) administers the lessons." But if you find the teacher creating the lessons or deviating from the direction the lessons are headed in, you get rid of the pedagogue.
   But the people who gave us schooling, weren't these wealthy people, they were Utopian thinkers who believed the family and tradition were the greatest obstacles to making a perfect society, a utopia. Every utopia that survived, invents schooling, long before we had universal forced schooling for all these little neighborhood schools. They all invented universal schooling of a homogenous variety in order to reach Utopia.
If you really care about long term innovation and saving lives (as well as minds), maybe doing something about that first may make a bigger difference?
Anyway, I feel there are a lot of hidden assumptions woven into what you are outlining, which I have tried to bring into the sunlight here. That does not mean I think you are evil; it is just that I think you are articulating (and very well) a mainstream view of commercial innovation. A P2P process works from different assumptions and often different values.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 22:48:36
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (invention vs. innovation) 
I don't see how you get to that. When Benjamin Franklin invented bifocals or the Franklin stove, I think he was just trying to make the world a better place and ease the burdens on people around him or increase their comfort and happiness. He refused to patent them on purpose.
"Benjamin Franklin developed a new style of stove with a hoodlike enclosure in the front and an airbox in the rear. The new stove and reconfiguration of the flues allowed for a more efficient fire, one that used one quarter as much wood and generated twice as much heat. When offered a patent for the fireplace's design, Benjamin Franklin turned it down. He did not want to make a profit. He wanted all people to benefit from his invention."
I linked to two Wikipedia articles. :-)
I prefer an aesthetic measurement. :-)
As I see it, most decisions come down to aesthetics. :-)
Agreed. Except even there, personal interests can come into play...
Money is a tool. Some people know how to use it well to effect social change. Others treat money like an end in itself.
Or have they picked the problems because they relate to other goals or values?
Constitutions? Judicial rulings?
I'm not sure the theory aspect of it matters? Maybe I just don't see where you are coming from on this.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-06 23:51:58
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (invention vs. innovation) 
Also, at a large place like IBM Research, they say focus on the B's and not the M's, meaning billion dollar ideas, not million dollar ideas. That's why there are so many unhappy researchers around in big places like that with great ideas to help lots of people, but the ideas get shelved because they are not profitable enough to be worth productizing and selling. Sometimes a researcher can negotiate rights and leave the company and make a product from it, but it is rare. Of course, that all assumes management is any good at assessing the commercial value of an idea, or that it can foresee where a small idea might lead.
Who is "you"? Who has a "whole thing"? Whose "end to end"? What do you mean by "use"? Why do you want to "use individuals"? You're operating from a whole paradigm that would place you right at home at an old IBM Research (I have no idea what it is like now), but ultimately, peer production is a different model of engagement with a commons of ideas, digital artifacts, and other people.
Those differences will effect both what you do yourself and how you do it in stigmergic and/or social cooperation with others.
   3. Collaboration in small groups (roughly 2-25) relies upon social negotiation to evolve and guide its process and creative output. ...
4. Collaboration in large groups (roughly 25-n) is dependent upon stigmergy.
I don't think you can assume this, in several ways.
HR departments are good at exploiting people. So, how does the average person who is an expert at something know what they can really command? The HR department has a lot more information, even than here:
   Just because someone is rare, they may also be desperate from rare positions rarely being available. :-)
Even thought programmer productivity can vary several orders of magnitude (even negative), almost no place pays more than a few times between top and bottom on a programmer pay scale.
Besides, just get someone cheaper from India to do it. :-) And even if they do mess it up, the hiring manager will probably be long gone anyway.
And when all else fails, a combination of intimidation and knowing that if they leave they can't play with what they wrote anymore with keep most programmers in line, up until the point some invisible threshold of pride is That's not how I'm saying it is good to run a company, but that's how many of them are.
   "Code Monkey"
   Programming as a business means most business issue apply. Most of the energy goes into social aspects of the organization. Chance are that technical success has nothing to do with social success (and may even have a negative correlation). Money will be gotten form VC, spend, and then the thing will fall apart, and be sold off to the next bigger sucker. That's how most business seems to work.
You are painting an ideal picture in some ways, probably because you take pride in your work and assume everyone else does. :-)
One important aspect of a basic income is that it is like telling all the students the first day of classes they all are recieving an A+ for the semester; only the motivated and interested people will keep coming.
So, a big advantage of a basic income is all the people who don't want to be programming will leave the profession. By my guestimates, 95% of all programmers are just making work for each other, and productivity would go up if they went off and did other things. :-) Maybe 99%? Most of what most programmers have done is "reinvent a buggy Common Lisp" or a buggy Smalltalk.
But, programming is so much fun for so many people, and people do learn and get better as they keep doing something, that you don't want to keep people out of the profession. :-)
 > even in your minimum basic
Forcing people to do work stuff is not fun (except maybe for some authoritarian type people, unfortunately).
Well, maybe we need to just accept that, until someone comes up with another approach they find of more interest?
Besides, lots of unpleasant things get done in the average home (like cleaning the toilet) because someone thinks they are important. The same can be true of software or other things.
Continually woven throughout your comments here is a "hurry up" kind of language. Maybe like "slow food" movement we need a "slow programming" movement?
Historically, teams that refuse to give deadlines tend to get stuff done faster (said somewhere in the Mythical Man Month I think, but maybe somewhere else).
But it's been my experience that most open source programmers want to do more but just don't have the time for money reasons. With a basic income, I think those holes would quickly get filled.
Come on, high school and college students are doing that now. And not just with Lego NxT :-)
    > Use cases are things like virtual
OK. But there are often many approaches that were outlined decades ago that we're just waiting for cheaper hardware to use. Hans Moravec talks about this.
   "The big freeze. From 1960 to 1990 the cost of computers used in AI research declined, as their numbers dilution absorbed computer-efficiency gains during the period, and the power available to individual AI programs remained almost unchanged at 1 MIPS, barely insect power. AI computer cost bottomed in 1990, and since then power has doubled yearly, to several hundred MIPS by 1998. The major visible exception is computer chess (shown by a progression of knights), whose prestige lured the resources of major computer companies and the talents of programmers and machine designers. Exceptions also exist in less public competitions, like petroleum exploration and intelligence gathering, whose high return on investment gave them regular access to the largest computers."
Well, nobody I know would work that way. :-)
Most people are a lot more adhoc that that. :-)
What does it meant to "purchase the entire body of relevant computer science literature" anyway?
 From a typical p2p perspective, people would do what they could from publicly published papers on the web. Sure, maybe there might be niches somewhere that did not cover. Maybe you are in one. But 99% of interesting software would probably be covered.
Still, I'm not disagreeing with this notion: :-)
   "Scott Rosenberg coins this as Rosenberg's Law:  Software is easy to make, except when you want it to do something new.  The corollary is, The only software that's worth making is software that does something new."
But, when a lot of people are working on a problem, even separately, one may have a sudden success and then show it around, and people can build on it.
Maybe. Or maybe someone will just figure out another approach. Or decide some other problem is more important.
Well, sure, but you have "volunteer" in there which I read as "volunteer to solve my abstract technical problem for me so I get all the profits".
If we are just talking about math types having fun, sure, some might slog away for years just because they want to (like Andrew Wiles). A basic income makes that more possible.
Valuable to whom?
Also, there are lots of different problems in the world.
The whole p2p thing is more that people decide what is valuable to them. And their priorities may differ than yours, especially if a project is just being done for the money or to dominate some area of activity with a monopoly.
Somewhere, I forget where at the moment, maybe Alfie Kohn, it was said that all intellectual work is volunteer. It's so hard to measure the output of ideas or basic research. To begin with, most people won't understand what is going on. And beyond that, how do you put a quota on breakthroughs-per-day?
So, there are other aspects of what you are saying I don't entirely agree with.
What works well IMHO is to take people interested in a field, put them near each other, and make exciting things happen around them and hope for the best. :-)
OK, but they did it and made a fortune. How many other ideas are their out there like that which p2p could find and develop? :-)
There's well understood theoretical reasons why slime can't exist too. :-) But it does, and probably a darn good thing, too. :-)
   But that highlights the problem right there: It's all theoretical. Theoretically, biofilms shouldn't exist. Theoretically they will form in a certain way that dooms them to dissolving in a certain way after a period of time. That wouldn't be a problem; we could deal with biofilms that exist for a while and then disperse. But that's not what we see. We see biofilms grow and stay for very long periods of time. They are very hard to get rid of. Don't believe me? Go clean out the trap under your sink. Wait a week and look again. That black shit that smells like death died and rotted for a while? Biofilm.
The fact is, when the theory fits the profits, there's not much point in looking further, is there? :-)
But maybe the theory is right. Not something I know much about, the theory of distributed search. But life is full of times the theory is wrong. That's the kind of improvements you get by people staring out the window. As Thomas J. Watson used to say at IBM, "Think". He liked seeing people stare out of windows (in theory, in practice, at least in one of the original research buildings, almost no one hand an office with a window to the outdoors).
And we must study through reading, listening, discussing, observing and thinking. We must not neglect any one of those ways of study. The trouble with most of us is that we fall down on the latter -- thinking -- because it's hard work for people to think, And, as Dr. Nicholas Murray Butler said recently, 'all of the problems of the world could be settled easily if men [and women and boys and girls] were only willing to think.' "
I'm not so sure I agree as much with that anymore. There is a lot to be said for "feeling" too. :-)
   "Do not ask yourself what the world needs; ask yourself what makes you come alive. And then go and do that. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive. (Harold Whitman)"
See, P2P helps people to do that. A basic income would help, too. :-)
I don't see the world you are talking about, using people, forcing people, and so on, (all within the bounds of normal business) is really in accord with that sentiment by Herald Whitman.
It's a culture shift. A different paradigm for solving problems.
And if a problem in insolvable in the new paradigm that was solvable in the old one, maybe a new way will be found to deal with the situation. Maybe you will be the one to find the way forward, to find some address the issues you raise in a p2p paradigm? :-)
All the best.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 00:07:44
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
>
You wrote above: "intelligence is not meaningfully additive."
What about the last few thousand years of cumulative culture?
It depends what sort of intelligence you are talking about, perhaps.
Certainly, some intelligences are more difficult to add together than others, I'd agree.
But, I do agree in general with your point on increasing difficulty; it is part of the thing driving increasing specialization. Still, lots of important ideas are happening across specialties. And lots of people can be looking for those, with just a basic knowledge of information in two or more Anyway, maybe this all points to "investment" becoming an unworkable model for social change?
On the other hand, computers are "augmenting" our intelligence, like Doug Engelbart worked towards.
Still, I wrote my senior thesis in college about how intelligence had only limited value, and likely had diminishing returns, so it's not clear to me being that much "smarter" will make us that much happier.
Our deepest problems in the word today seem to have more to do with values, sharing, cooperation, and things like that. Kindergarten stuff. :-)
   "All I Really Need To Know I Learned In Kindergarten"
      All I really need to know about how to live and what to do and how to be I learned in kindergarten. Wisdom was not at the top of the graduate school mountain, but there in the sand pile at school.
These are the things I learned:
     * Share everything.
     * Play fair.
     * Don't hit people.
     * Put things back where you found them.
     * Clean up your own mess.
     * Don't take things that aren't yours.
     * Say you're sorry when you hurt somebody.
     * Wash your hands before you eat.
     * Flush.
     * Warm cookies and cold milk are good for you.
     * Live a balanced life - learn some and think some and draw and paint and sing and dance and play and work every day some.
     * Take a nap every afternoon.
     * When you go out in the world, watch out for traffic, hold hands and stick together.
     * Be aware of wonder. Remember the little seed in the Styrofoam cup: the roots go down and the plant goes up and nobody really knows how or why, but we are all like that.
     * Goldfish and hamsters and white mice and even the little seed in the Styrofoam cup - they all die. So do we.
     * And then remember the Dick-and-Jane books and the first word you learned - the biggest word of all - LOOK.
   Everything you need to know is in there somewhere. The Golden Rule and love and basic sanitation. Ecology and politics and equality and sane living.
   Take any one of those items and extrapolate it into sophisticated adult terms and apply it to your family life or your work or government or your world and it holds true and clear and firm. Think what a better world it would be if we all - the whole world - had cookies and milk at about 3 o'clock in the afternoon and then lay down with our blankies for a nap. Or if all governments had as a basic policy to always put things back where they found them and to clean up their own mess.
   And it is still true, no matter how old you are, when you go out in the world, it is best to hold hands and stick together.
Still, you keep emphasizing people and individuals. P2P is more about the power of a network of people creating a digital commons. So, your model, which likely also includes proprietary information and not sharing, just is coming at things from a very different direction. How can you expect a million people to help with your deepest technical problems when you probably can't even legally talk about them in public and ask for help with them? Where you would be worried some "competitor" will swoop in and scoop you and so on? It's just a different way to live.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 00:34:47
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income 
Wow, great summary.
And now that you are talking about scarcity vs. abundance ideology, I see my evil work is done here for now. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 00:36:49
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Any references to the literature would be appreciated.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 00:48:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
As I said in another reply, mainstream economics is confused about basic words like wealth and capital because it adds imaginary things (fiat dollars) and real things (houses, cement mixers, land).
To make progress on understanding this situation, somehow we have to disentangle theses issues of control system (like by fiat dollar ration units) and physical reality.
For example, since the USA can print as many fiat dollars as it wants, or even just issue them into our computers somehow as bit sequences, the nation as a whole is not monetary capital constrained. But, we can only get more houses by building them using tools and raw materials, and that takes time and energy and effort, so we are constrained in terms of rate of increase of physical infrastructure. And we're (for the most part) not getting any more land unless we seastead or go into outer space and build it. So, all these things are not as interchangeable in reality as economists like to pretend, even thought in practice, for one economic actor, they may all seem exchangeable and so equivalent in some way.
But I agree, this is part of why post-scarcity then gets talked about (or whatever) as the economic system fails for various reasons (and everyone has a part of the truth here, you, me, Andrew, Michel, others).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 00:58:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
Yes, I agree. Well said.
Personally, I want a self-replicating space habitat that can duplicate itself from sunlight and asteroidal ore, similar to the "Janus" one outlined in "The Two Faces of Tomorrow" by James P. Hogan (minus the homicidal AI that ran it :-). But, I'd settle for a basic income for everyone so we could design one ourselves. :-) See also:
Midway through the Twenty-first century, an integrated global computer network manages much of the world?s affairs. A proposed major software upgrade?an artificial intelligence?will give the system an unprecedented degree of independent decision-making power, but serious questions are raised in regard to how much control can safely be given to a non-human intelligence. In order to more fully assess the system, a new space-station habitat?a world in miniature?is developed for deployment of the fully operational system, named Spartacus. This mini-world can then be ?attacked? in a series of escalating tests to assess the system?s responses and capabilities. If Spartacus gets out of hand, the system can be shut down and the station destroyed . . . unless Spartacus decides to take matters into its own hands and take the fight to Earth.
Much of the last twenty five years or so of my life has been bumbling towards that goal. :-) Example conference paper, where I propose designing one using p2p methods, which was a little too far out for the Space Studies Institute people back in 2001: :-)
"A Review of Licensing and Collaborative Development with Special Attention to the Design of Self-Replicating Space Habitat Systems  "
"The continued exponential growth of technological capacity since the 1970s has removed most technical limits to group collaborations on space settlement issues. To remove social limits, groups must be explicit about the licensing terms of individual contributions and the collected work, for example putting their contributions in the public domain, or under a license like the BSD license or GPL as a conscious act. The most successful space related collaborations in the future will be ones that make these principles part of their daily operations. One result of such collaborations will be a distributed library of simulations and knowledge including specific detailed designs for self-replicating space habitat systems."
But, I'll never get around to that unless we save the world first. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 01:04:36
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thanking Andrew for a great discussion 
I know we've been pretty tough on some of the stuff you wrote from a mainstream VC perspective in the "Building Alliances" thread, but I just wanted to thank you for bringing up these issues and being a good sport about all the back and forth, especially with several people chiming in.
Thanks for the great discussion.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 09:54:33
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A 1980s footnote on a p2p precursor (was Building 
Just adding my work as a footnote. :-) That work was explained in part to
another von Hippel (Frank) and grew in part out of his public policy class
at the Princeton Woodrow Wilson School in 1988, though it had earlier roots
like an (unpublished) essay I wrote called "The Vertical Corporation", and
some earlier work, even back to Steve Slaby's class in Princeton on "The
Technological Imperative of the Arms Race" around 1984 or so, and roots even
before that in reading James P. Hogan's writings, like "The Two Faces of
I presented there the idea of a self-replicating non-profit that built a
network of information about sustainability and put it into practice
locally, and also in an application for a MacArthur graduate fellowship to
continue that work, and pretty much everyone thought it was crazy, with no
hope of success. :-) Frank was also concerned it would lead to weapons
proliferation to have distributed manufacturing like I outlined. I had a
Hypercard prototype I built back then of "Stella", too (mostly just a static
demo, and named after an 80 year old Countess I was hanging out with then
who had an interest is solar energy and other sustainable technology).
Example one (from 1988):
    1. Various projects at Brown, MIT, Stanford, Bellcore, Xanadu, and Apple
have produced hypertext information management systems. These seem to be the
future of information management. I would like to put such a system on the
IRIS [an early Silicon Graphics Workstation model of which there were many
in a networked classroom lab] so that people at Princeton can use it and
extend it. This should take a year's work, and probably cost around $50,000.
NSF or Apple should fund this. We could put a hypercard compatible system on
IRIS in the case of Apple. ..
10. Beyond these individual tools, we need a good system for allowing
multiple people to work together on a project on the IRIS's (or across
campus). This entails producing workgroup software for managing shared
databases, electronic mail, and other communications and coordination
systems. To get into this will involve at least a year and probably $50,000.
Various electronic mail companies and software houses, as well as major
companies and governmental agencies may be interested in funding various
parts of this. Suggestions are Dupont, Da Vinci Systems, Apple, IBM, DEC,
NASA, and Ford.
See also:
   "Jakob Nielsen has pointed out that HyperCard was really only a hypermedia
program since its links started from regions on a card, not text objects;
actual HTML-style text hyperlinks were possible in later versions, but were
awkward to implement and seldom used. Bill Atkinson later lamented that if
he had only realized the power of network-oriented stacks, instead of
focusing on local stacks on a single machine, HyperCard could have become
the first Web browser.[5]"
Example two (from 1990, but representing the earlier ideas, which were in
two documents for that call, "The Self-Replicating Garden" plus an earlier
very different version):
     Using Stella, Sunrise is developing a technological web to allow the
Institute to rely on sustainable technology for 90% of its operations.
Sustainable technology is technology that can be used indefinitely without
harm to the environment and which can be recycled or disposed of without
environmental damage. Every system developed or adapted will be put into
Stella and made public domain for anyone to use. These systems would
eventually include housing, food production, paper use, energy use,
transportation, communications, and computing. Stella would be used to
assess priorities and degrees of sustainability for all the technology the
institute relies on.
  Like any living system, Sunrise will grow over time. Sunrise's growth
strategy will be to replicate itself in other communities. Each institute
will have a Stella system, and the Stella systems will all communicate with
each other to share innovations. In this fashion, Sunrise can help many
communities increase their use of sustainable technology.
   As the institute grows, it will market sustainable technology it has
invented or discovered to the surrounding community on an ability to pay
basis. In addition it will provide consulting to organizations increasing
their sustainability and decreasing their negative impact on the environment.
   When established, the work environment at Sunrise offers the following to
employees and their dependants: food, shelter, energy, tools, work space,
health care, day care, transportation, communication, computation, household
goods, education, a retirement plan, creative companionship, and a small
salary for a few luxuries. While no one at Sunrise will get rich, Sunrise
employees know they and their families will be provided for. The Sunrise
environment is experimental: the employees live with, work with, and test
technology they have discovered and developed. Since all work is in the
public domain, Sunrise employees know they work in service of humanity and
not a specific corporation. Sunrise employees have no fears that some
organization might shelve their ideas and deprive them of rights to use
them. By setting a high degree of self-reliance as a goal, Sunrise helps
assure stability for its employees no matter what happens to the larger
   While not-for-profit, Sunrise still needs money to operate. Sunrise's
money will come from the following areas: 1. Donations 2. Grants 3.
Individual and Corporate Memberships 5. Proceeds from selling sustainable
technology 6. Proceeds from consulting on sustainable technology 7. Proceeds
from workshops and tours 8. Proceeds from selling access to databases [not
from selling the data!]
   On an operating level, Sunrise will strive to utilize volunteers,
exchange services with other non-profits, and supply its needs from the
in-house productivity of its own staff whenever possible. Since Sunrise
provides most of the necessities of its staff and their dependants, salaries
can be low.
   By focusing on developing, testing, and using new methods of production,
Sunrise will acquire over time a physical infrastruture that is an
embodiement of the ideas in Stella. This infrastructure will include machine
tools, housing, a seed bank, breeding stock, energy production facilities,
recycling centers, biological sewage treatment facilities, day care centers,
computer hardware, meeting rooms, vehicles, and so forth. Employees using
this capital along with Stella will be able to extend the capital base at
times without the necessity for large amounts of money. This is possible
through the use of collected energy applied to recycle materials and
manufacture them into needed items that more than make up for the wear and
tear (overhead) involved in creating them.
   This is the fourty year timeline of goals for Sunrise:
1990 - 50 members, computer workstation, greenhouse, 100 items in Stella
1991 - Several staff, ten volunteers, 200 members, several workstations, on
site housing and day care, 1000 items in Stella
1992 - 10,000 items in Stella. On site energy production
1993 - 50 staff on site, 50,000 items in Stella
1995 - 200 staff on 2 sites, 100,000 items in Stella
2001 - 10 institutes, 1 million items in Stella, Desert Institute.
2011 - 30 Institutes, 10 million, Antarctic Institute
2033 - 100 Institutes, 100 million, O'Neill Habitat Institute
I'd say my "evil" plans are ahead of schedule in some ways at this point,
especially if I lay metaphorical claim to all the p2p stuff going on and
Wikipedia and so on. :-) That's mostly just for fun, of course, but with a
tiny kernel of truth in the sense that I was, for a time, part of that
larger social network around Princeton and the political and energy/physics
community, like how the Pointrel system has a relation to WordNet. Related
humor at the end here:
Many people had seeds of ideas, some very few were on fertile soil (like at
CERN or MIT), but those grew, and grew, and grew. Or the seeds were just
better and healthier in some way.
Wikipedia has about three million items in English, and many more in other
languages, so it is close to that prediction/intent/desire of ten million of
items in the public domain (or now, free licenses). But the web itself is so
much more, of course. So, is that timeline above for saving the world from
itself on schedule, or even ahead of schedule? :-)
In Frank von Hippel's class, someone recommended I read "Walden II" by B.F.
Skinner and implied that was what I was talking about (there are some
parallels, especially about sustainable technology), same as Ryan and others
often seem to read coercion into anything about cooperation. Still, the
competitive landscape we have is terribly coercive, as Bob Black points out,
from 1985, so it is hard to get much worse on a hours-spent-under-coercion
   ... Work makes a mockery of freedom. The official line is that we all have
rights and live in a democracy. Other unfortunates who aren't free like we
are have to live in police states. These victims obey orders or else, no
matter how arbitrary. The authorities keep them under regular surveillance.
State bureaucrats control even the smaller details of everyday life. The
officials who push them around are answerable only to higher-ups, public or
private. Either way, dissent and disobedience are punished. Informers report
regularly to the authorities. All this is supposed to be a very bad thing.
   And so it is, although it is nothing but a description of the modern
workplace. The liberals and conservatives and Libertarians who lament
totalitarianism are phonies and hypocrites. There is more freedom in any
moderately de-Stalinized dictatorship than there is in the ordinary American
workplace. You find the same sort of hierarchy and discipline in an office
or factory as you do in a prison or a monastery. In fact, as Foucault and
others have shown, prisons and factories came in at about the same time, and
their operators consciously borrowed from each other's control techniques. A
worker is a part-time slave. ...
Still, I was wondering about those sorts of issues, like how do you deal
with people who want to freeload, and it was very grand (or even grandiose)
in the sense of transforming the world just starting from one seed and a
growing public domain of information related to it, so I can't say they were
entirely wrong.
I've since realized, freeloading just is not a problem:
   But what about all the "slackers" who will consume without giving back? The
answer is just, "So what?" Why not have pity on such people who are stuck in
such an embarrassingly juvenile state of mind? My mom, a hard worker,
dreamed of being a slacker in a big house with servants. You know where she
found her dream? A nursing home. :-( So, be careful what you wish for,
slacker wannabees. :-)
   If a few can supply the many, then, so what of the slackers? Who cares?
Why build a whole mythology around slackers? And surprisingly, there may be
less slackers than one might expect, because when you have the freedom to
make things your way, without a "boss", there is often a lot of fun to be
had in making things. Just look at all the kids making free music for the
internet these days. Or people writing web pages. :-)
   Examples like the Israeli Kibbutzim have already shown in the past that
even with hard manual labor, there are always a bunch of schmucks (like
maybe even myself and my wife, or many others already working in non-profits :-)
     who are willing to work hard even with apparent slackers in their face.
Sure, Kibbutzim had problems with slackers, but modern automated robotic
technology changes the nature of that situation:
     (and without bringing in migrant laborers to exploit and expose to
pesticides). And how hard can it be to sit in your GPS-driven
air-conditioned tractor and listen to free music? Or even make some more
music of your own in between keeping an eye on how the robots are doing?
   This is the world the prospective Princeton student is probably imagining
these days as in their future -- or will be soon. :-) Robot tractors. Free
music. GNU/Linux everywhere. Slackers who only take stuff and don't make
stuff as being "so junior high" or "so nursing home". Essentially, these
kids are imagining (or will soon) a John Lennon "Imagine" sort of world --
with abundance and security for all. With robot tractors able to get higher
yields from less land and less water through precision farming, why fight so
much about the agricultural fields or river water? With nanotech solar
panels and nanotech near-perfect insulation, why fight about the oil fields?
Times change; as I see it, aspects of what I outlined are what is happening,
but in a differently networked way, not connected to a grand plan of a
single self-replicating non-profit (although it is interesting to see what
is being discussed now on this list about connected p2p related research and
social centers). What I outlined was more hierarchical in a way (one
company), but what is happening is a lot more networked and chaordic. And
what is happening is better, at this point. :-)
Some of this is a matter of perspective. :-)
And my whole proposal may seem a little nutty looking back on it, and
certainly over-ambitious, but so was trillions spent on nuclear weapons to
blow us all up, which is what I was responding to.
Anyway, we still have another two years to get that Antarctic P2P Media
Institute up and running, according to that timeline. :-) Could I lay claim
to Arcosanti intellectually as the desert institute? :-) And could I lay
claim to the entire Debian GNU/Linux project as "staff"? Then this
exponential world domination plan would be right on schedule. Even ahead of
schedule. :-) Subject to being a little out of touch with actual reality and
who is in charge of all that in a chaordic way. :-)
   "Dr. Evil catches up on the last couple decades"
   "Dr. Evil, if we shift our resources away from evil empires, and towards
Starbucks, we can increase our profits five-fold...
SILENCE! I will not tolerate your insolence!"
Sure, it was grand... And nutty. As Albert Einstein said, "If at first, the
idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it."
Anyway, just hoping for a footnote in your book as a related p2p grand plan
that fizzled. :-) Maybe all for the best? :-) Sometimes, we just don't
understand the bigger picture? :-)
   "The Terminator and Jesus"
   And, I like the way things are happening now better. It's a lot less
stressful to be a little node in a network than trying to invent and manage
the whole thing. I'm just a little warped from the process of trying,
perhaps. :-)
Maybe I'll have some real success when I give up? :-)
      Anyway, maybe I became the anti-Princeton, in a sense, somewhere along the
line? :-) Although, that's only metaphorically, because there were many
wonderful people at Princeton, and there was an emphasis on networking both
among the faculty and the alumni (Princeton is especially proud of the
Alumni network). Somehow, that academic network was often dysfunctional in
some deep way, even as it produced lots of papers about research results.
But, it is still powerful. Part of the dysfunction is perhaps values. Part
of it is perhaps the scarcity assumption. Part of it is the "disciplined
minds" aspect Jeff Schmidt talks about that relates to the first two. It
took me a long time to put all those pieces together:
Though I remember talking about some of this once at an international
visitor lunch and one woman, from India perhaps, saying how she was very
surprised to hear someone at Princeton talking about issues of distributed
technology or sustainability and so on. Obviously, people in other countries
have been talking about this for a long time, including inspired by EF
Schumacher's work (which I read too).
If a place like Princeton worked from an abundance assumption, it would be a
very different place, even with just all the same people and same buildings.
I don't know it well anymore (just from occasionally glancing at the alumni
magazine or interacting with some alumns online), so I can hope it has
changed. My little effort in that direction, even now:
   But, I feel it will, like the rest of the world is doing, and Princeton will
follow or become irrelevant. At least, I hope it will. It may still take
more years of unnecessary suffering, but, compared to when I did my stuff
there, twenty years later there is an "office of sustainability" there now
   and probably in another twenty years there will be an "office of peer
produced free content promotion". :-)
But the same is probably true for *any* university in terms of research. And
some have been closer to that in the past (even then, if I had been smarter
and more social, I could have found one, even on the US East coast, like
UMass Amherst, or wherever, assuming that even made sense).
And, as times change, hopefully this very issue becomes more laughable. And
less meaningful. It hopefully becomes more and more, "Of course universities
assume abundance ideology, that's what they are there for, to help create an
abundance of creative thinkers and doers and free ideas and related
intrinsically mutually secure infrastructure. How could they be anything
else?" Well, someday...
We try ideas. We learn. We move on (or try to).
The biggest issue about my plan above was, as I say on one of those web
pages, was realizing the difference between having a right as an employee
(who can be fired at will) and having a right as a citizen. And that's
really, in its deepest way, where the idea broke down. So, that's why that
corporate model (even as a non-profit) could never be what I hoped for it.
The idea there was like a basic income, or really, perhaps more like Charles
Fourier's Phalanst?res, but such an idea is more secure as a right of
citizenship than a right of being an employee.
   Otherwise, it is just creating a private welfare state, like many unions do
within one company, or like artists do when they just lobby for arts funding
but not a basic income for all.
Although, there is one difference -- the idea of a free commons of public
domain information. Even if you were "fired" from such a company, you would
still have access to all that knowledge. So, there is at least some equity
there, even in that old idea.
The core ideas was that a sustainable, secure, and self-replicating
infrastructure based around public domain knowledge would soon replace the
unsustainable insecure proprietary and dying infrastructure we had. And,
slowly, something like that is happening. And it is a beautiful thing to
see, even among the doom-and-gloom in the mainstream and even alternative
press. :-) And even if, for the most part, I've just been watching it from
the sidelines, and making a small contribution here and there (like with our
free garden simulator, such as it is -- we had much higher hopes for new
versions, etc. that never happened).
Anyway, I'm glad to see sustainability and peer production all happening,
even if it is some other way. It is the realization of the best aspiration
for the university ideal, and the enterprise of science and shared
publications to a common library. In that sense, the ideas I outlined were
just a reflection of the best aspirations of the community around me at
Princeton. And, even if the global physical infrastructure is not
self-replicating, through the web, in some sense, the ideological
infrastructure of abundance ideology (and the hope for that best aspiration
of free universities) has been self-replicating.
Back then, I did not understand that mythology is as important, if not more
so, than physical things. So, all the papers people here are writing, and
linking to, and discussing, are all really important.
Though, at some point, one wants to interlink those with physical
infrastructure. But I think it will happen. It is happening. Even without
yet more grand plans by me like this:
"Getting Greece and Iceland to be 99% self-sufficient by mass; international
or this:
"Re: [Open Manufacturing] 21,000 Flexible Public Fabrication Facilities
across the USA - by IdeaScale"
These ideas are still being voted down, as I must still be missing
something, from that last link, replying to my self with an update. :-)
It's up to voted against nine times (I'm the only positive vote. :-)
   People in New York State pay $20K per student to support a school system
that turns out human beings who often can't take care of themselves
materially and often don't even have a basic understanding of the technology
their lives depend on. We've spend endless amounts on other things, so US$50
billion is trivial in comparison (a few months of the Iraq war) for
something that would empower every person in every location in the USA to
learn about how to make things and have easy access to the tools they needed
to do hobbies or small businesses. I'm really surprised to see just nine
straight votes against the idea. I have to accept it if people don't like
the idea, but I remain surprised.
   I'd say maybe it was because the why section was so long and the
formatting was not preserved, but you can vote on these ideas from the main
page where you would not even see that section.
   One comment was: "The federal government has screwed up enough things
   So, that may reflect the sentiment that Libertarians and Republicans have
cultivated for decades. Richard Wolff makes a related point in "Capitalism
hits the fan" about how the US population has been trained to think
regulation is a dirty word.
   ...
Anyway, I'm obviously completely clueless about something here. :-)
So, Michel, I'm hoping for a footnote in some book you write someday. :-)
But, I'll understand in space is tight and it gets dropped. Even Earth
itself was only worth: "mostly harmless" as a description of everything
about it. :-)
   The title derives from a joke early in the series, when Arthur Dent
discovers that the entry for Earth in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
consists, in its entirety, of the word "Harmless." His friend Ford Prefect,
a contributor to the Guide, assures him that the next edition will contain
the article on Earth that Ford has spent the last 15 years
researching?somewhat cut due to space restrictions, but still an
improvement. The revised article, he eventually admits, will simply read
"Mostly harmless." It later turns out that Ford had written a long essay on
how to have fun on Earth, but the editors in the guide's main office
building edited everything out. Later in the series, Ford is surprised to
discover that all of his contribution had been edited back into the Guide
(which makes no sense for a seemingly demolished planet) prompting his
reunion with Arthur on the alternate Earth in So Long, and Thanks for All
the Fish.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 10:07:39
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
Maybe. But it's based on my first hand experience around research labs and small companies.
For most companies in the past (maybe this is changing at some) talking to others in detail about the current problem you are working on would be seen as giving away key competitive information in a commercial context, and thus violating either signed employee documents about confidentiality or violating a fiduciary obligation to the company. Discussing your work may also effect the patent status of it. Even at universities now, academics are often not allowed to discuss their work until patents are filed (which may delay communications by years). That's why I said it was probably illegal for you to talk in detail about your work. Some very successful companies have moved beyond that, but for many, secrecy is a big part of the game. And it's a sad game, ultimately. It may make sense, but only, to use your words, as part of "a really weird fantasy" about scarcity instead of abundance.
Even Google searches from a corporate IP address could be problematical, because they leak information about company interests.
Anyway, I appreciate your other comments. I think we are just looking at these issues from very different paradigms.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 10:35:33
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (invention vs. innovation) 
But, can people walk out the door and keep working on the code? To anyone who cares about their work, that is an important issue.
Likewise, any system where the capital is concentrated, and lots of legal agreements are in place, is going to have other aspects to the dynamics. Ideally, those are out of the way, but they are still there, and affect issues of direction and application, even unconsciously, as people self-censor.
Also, maybe in some sectors what you say is true, but for the most part, the USA has a glut of people who call themselves programmers or who have PhDs.
This is, mathematically :-), part of why that situation exists:
   "The Big Crunch" by Dr. David Goodstein, Vice Provost of Caltech
   "To emphasize that point, I have plotted, on the same scale as Price's growth curve, the number of Ph.Ds in physics produced each year in the United States. Like any other quantitative measure of science, its behavior is much like Price's curve. The graph shows that science started later in the U.S. than in Europe. The first Ph.D was awarded soon after the Civil War, around 1870. By the turn of the century the number was about 10 per year, by 1930 about 100 per year, and by 1970, 1000 per year. The curve extrapolates to about 10,000 a year today, and one million a year in 2050. But that's not what happened. The growth stopped cold around 1970, and the number has oscillated around 1000 per year ever since. We didn't notice it at the time, but, at least in physics, The Big Crunch happened around 1970."
But I certainly agree with your earlier comments on the questionable value of schooling for learning to define and solve problems.
Often solutions to long standing problems come from unexpected directions.
Says you. :-)
Quantum hardware? :-)
But sure, maybe you are right in this one case. I don't know anything about your work.
But most problems in this world don't seem to fall into that category. They are things like getting enough Vitamin D. Or getting enough Omega-3 fatty acids. Or equitable access to land and the commons. Or things like that.
Yes, this often leads to paradigm shifts. It's been said you can tell how important a new paper is by how many shelves of books in the library it obsoletes. Or maybe, in the case you outline,
Oh, come on, then it would not be as much fun for you. :-)
It's nice to talk to someone who likes their work.
Well, in the context of what you are saying, and assuming yours is a commercial enterprise, I'm trying to see how they might connect.
Market require many factors to work well. Things like transparency. Widespread information about pricing. Actors who are not desperate. And other things. The market for people selling their time is often not like that.
Maybe I just don't understand where you are coming from, OK. I assumed you were part of a commercial venture developing ideas you intended to license.
It all works this way, emotionally. :-)
Really, you hire a great researcher. How are you going to know he or she is producing the best results they can? How do you know they are not holding back some great idea for development next year after they leave the company?
I would think there are more of them in other countries than the USA. Russian programmers are often better at these sorts of things, given a bigger emphasis on math. Some Indian programmers probably too.
Like water to a fish? :-)
Here is a related essay:
   "The Abolition of Work" by Bob Black, 1985
   Maybe you through brilliance and good fortune have never seen the underbelly of the beast. I hope that remains so for you. :-)
What happens at work if tomorrow you suddenly see some great new approach that might help explain one of these problems if you worked on it some more? Can you work on it?
   As a thought experiment, again assuming you are part of a commercial company, what would happen if you did suddenly start working on, say, the Hodge Conjecture?
   How would the escalation of social control within your organization play out to get you back "on task" or eject you and replace you with a more compliant Maybe I should not point this out, if you are happy with the way things are now. :-)
Anyway, I'm working for a world where everyone has the equivalent of tenure at the Institute for Advanced Study. :-)
   So, the question becomes, how do we go about getting the whole world both accepted into Princeton and also with full tenured Professorships (researchy ones without teaching duties except as desired? :-) And maybe with robots to do anything people did not want to do? This is just intended as a humorous example, of course. I'm not suggesting Princeton would run the world of the future or that everyone would really have Princeton faculty ID cards and parking stickers. Still, that's a thought. :-) That motel for scholars, The Institute For Advanced Study, is already a bit like this (no required teaching duties), so it's an even better model. :-)
     --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 10:44:03
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (literature references) 
Thanks for the current references.
This is from 1996, but may be of interest:
   "Growing Artificial Societies: Social Science From the Bottom Up" by Joshua M. Epstein and Robert Axtell, Brookings Institution Press and MIT Press 1996 c. 228pp.
   How do social structures and group behaviors arise from the interaction of individuals? In this groundbreaking study, Joshua M. Epstein and Robert L. Axtell approach this age-old question with cutting-edge computer simulation techniques. Such fundamental collective behaviors as group formation, cultural transmission, combat, and trade are seen to "emerge" from the interaction of individual agents following simple local rules.
   In their computer model, Epstein and Axtell begin the development of a "bottom up" social science. Their program, named Sugarscape, simulates the behavior of artificial people (agents) located on a landscape of a generalized resource (sugar). Agents are born onto the Sugarscape with a vision, a metabolism, a speed, and other genetic attributes. Their movement is governed by a simple local rule: "look around as far as you can; find the spot with the most sugar; go there and eat the sugar." Every time an agent moves, it burns sugar at an amount equal to its metabolic rate. Agents die if and when they burn up all their sugar. A remarkable range of social phenomena emerge. For example, when seasons are introduced, migration and hibernation can be observed. Agents are accumulating sugar at all times, so there is always a distribution of wealth.
My wife did some related stuff in the 1980s (a simulation of foraging under informational constraints, as part of her graduate work).
I had a related project about the simulation of chaordic processes that got put on the back burner when we had a kid:
   Most of the links have rotted in the mailing lists there, but the few posts might be of interest:
   One useful link from there that is still good:
   "Individual-Based Models: an annotated list of links"
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 10:51:19
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: (imaginary 
Just goes to show the power of the imagination. :-) As long as everyone agrees the emperor is wearing clothes, it is just like he is. :-) Even when he isn't. :-)
   But sorry, you probably don't personally have the right technical equipment to make imaginary transfers all seem legitimate. :-) And probably a good thing as it would probably be illegal.
   Mythologically, "quantitative easing" is a nice sounding term for legally printing money:
   "In practical terms, the central bank purchases financial assets (mostly short-term), including government paper and corporate bonds, from financial institutions (such as banks) using money it has created ex nihilo (out of nothing). This process is called open market operations. The creation of this new money is supposed to seed the increase in the overall money supply through deposit multiplication by encouraging lending by these institutions and reducing the cost of borrowing, thereby stimulating the economy.[1] However, there is a risk that banks will still refuse to lend despite the increase in their deposits, or that the policy will be too effective, leading in a worst case scenario to hyperinflation.[1]"
Anyway, if banks can just magic money "ex nihilo", well, how real is it?
See also:
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 11:08:02
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
While I like what you said about isolation and poverty, and generally agree as far as material wealth and accumulation of ration units (assuming one is on the top half of the social scale), consider this point, which both agrees and disagrees:
   "The Original Affluent Society"
   "The world's most primitive people have few possessions. but they are not poor. Poverty is not a certain small amount of goods, nor is it just a relation between means and ends; above all it is a relation between people. Poverty is a social status. As such it is the invention of civilisation. It has grown with civilisation, at once as an invidious distinction between classes and more importantly as a tributary relation that can render agrarian peasants more susceptible to natural catastrophes than any winter camp of Alaskan Eskimo."
So, there are different ways to look at poverty. The USA is one of the riches countries materially in the world, but has over a million children now homeless, double the number a year or two ago:
"Over One Million of Our Schoolchildren Are Homeless. Meanwhile, Bankers Moan About Their Bonuses. Crazy!"
"ASHEVILLE, N.C. ? In the small trailer her family rented over the summer, 9-year-old Charity Crowell picked out the green and purple outfit she would wear on the first day of school. She vowed to try harder and bring her grades back up from the C?s she got last spring ? a dismal semester when her parents lost their jobs and car and the family was evicted and migrated through friends? houses and a motel."
I don' think one can just handwave away the possibility the two are connected, and that those on the bottom of the US social ladder are getting hit hard, even as they try to be connected, and most of them really have tried to play by the rules. The rules are just messed up:
   "Families in financial trouble are working hard and playing by the rules -- but the game is stacked against them."
Also, is it better to have a happy and free-er if materially poor subsistence life than to live in a gilded cage under someone else's rules? That is a perennial social question. I even ask it here:
  in the section: "PU as an internment camp?", excerpt:
Thinking of Princeton University as an internment camp may seem odd, but let me repeat something referenced earlier from a review of a Yale PhD thesis:
     "[Joel Allen's] pursuit of the hostage as a "type" renders irrelevant whether an individual is legally a hostage, i.e., delivered by treaty or held as surety to another form of agreement, or voluntarily in Rome for an education. For [Joel Allen], the fact that Roman political superiority fostered a desire to learn Latin and Roman customs constituted a form of compulsion. "
I feel (or assume?) Michel has a general sense that p2p will make the world a better place by helping create information commons that produce abundance for everyone, as people use the programs and content in them to build better local circumstances. So, I don't see the theoretical problem that you point to. It seems pretty straightforward, at least, as much as the Norwegian example you gave, of "health, wealth and well-being". Are we (almost) all not healthier, wealthier, and better off because of peer production related to Wikipedia, Debian GNU/Linux, and the larger collective web? Example: :-)
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 11:29:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income 
Or, in fact, all these sorts of modalities listed here, or more:
   # 1 Gardner's categories of intelligence
     * 1.1 Bodily-kinesthetic
     * 1.2 Interpersonal
     * 1.3 Verbal-linguistic
     * 1.4 Logical-mathematical
     * 1.5 Intrapersonal
     * 1.6 Visual-spatial
     * 1.7 Musical
     * 1.8 Naturalistic
# 2 Other intelligences
     spiritual, existential and moral intelligence.
All are, to some extent, fundamentally different ways of "knowing".
All reasoning depends on assumptions, and all reasoning is done in service of values and emotions, and involves a decision about what are acceptable reasoning tools. None of those choices about assumptions, values, and tools can be made logically. At best, we can iterate on these things as part of a process where logic plays a part. So, there is a lot more uncertainty that scientism tries to paint. For example, are we living in a simulation? What would that mean? Where do we come from? What happens after we die? How should that effect our choices now? Our assumptions about a lot of these things can have some big effects on our behaviors.
See also:
   "Descartes' Error: Emotion, Reason, and the Human Brain is a book by neurologist Antonio R. Damasio, in which the author presents the argument that emotion and reason are not separate but, in fact, are quite dependent upon one another."
Another way to understand this might be to look at some of Marvin Minsky's and other's work on multiple representations and artificial intelligence. I was at a talk Minsky gave around 1999 where he outlined the idea that the human brain simultaneously kept running several different models of the world (semantic, 3D, 2D, and so on, don't remember for sure which ones he discussed) and kept choosing solutions from one of the model as they were most appropriate. So, there he was talking about building AIs with multiple ways of knowing, all going on simultaneously. :-) Mathematical and abstract enough for you? :-)
A first quick reference, showing his thinking on that goes way back:
"A Framework for Representing Knowledge; Marvin Minsky; MIT-AI Laboratory Memo 306, June, 1974."
The different frames of a system resemble the multiple "models" described in Guzman (1967) and Winston (1970). Different frames correspond to different views, and the names of pointers between frames correspond to the motions or actions that change the viewpoint. Later I discuss whether these views should be considered as two- or as three-dimensional. ...
   If asked about important future lines of research on Artificial or Natural Intelligence, I would point to the interactions between these ideas and the problems of using multiple representations to deal with the same situation from several viewpoints. To carry out such a study, we need better ideas about interactions among the transformed relationships. Here the frame-system idea by itself begins to show limitations. Fitting together new representations from parts of old ones is clearly a complex process itself, and one that could be solved within the framework of our theory (if at all) only by an intricate bootstrapping. This, too, is surely a special skill with its own techniques. I consider it a crucial component of a theory of Only after the fact. Biofilms are theoretically not possible either, according to this:
   Science usually gets patched up after the fact. No one believed amorphous semiconductors were possible either, and Stanford Ovshinsky was laughed at for years in academaia for proposing that.
       "Amorphous and Disordered Materials?The Basis of New Industries"
"As in the past, materials will shape the new century. Dramatic changes are taking place in the fields of energy and information based on new synthetic materials. In energy, the generation of electricity by amorphous silicon alloy thin film photovoltaics; the storage of electricity in nickel metal hydride batteries which are the batteries of choice for electric and hybrid vehicles. In the information field, phase change memories based on a reversible amorphous to crystalline transformation are widely used as optical memories and are the choice for the new rewritable CDs and DVDs. The scientific and technological bases for these three fields that have become the enabling technologies are amorphous and disordered materials. We will discuss how disordered, multielemental, multiphase materials can throw new light upon metallic conductivity in both bulk and thin film materials. We will demonstrate new types of amorphous devices that have the ability to learn and adapt, making possible new concepts for computers."
Could the same be true for how you say other things, whether disordered amorphous p2p volunteerism, or distributed search, are not theoretically possible, or are certain to fail? :-)
Ultimately, it is experiment that we need (in reality, though, or simulation).
   "Hence, demonizing centralization and glorifying decentralization as the solution to all our problems would be wrong. An open and experimental attitude towards the question of different hybrids and mixtures is what the complexity of reality itself seems to call for. "
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 11:30:46
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Hey, something we can all agree on. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 11:42:12
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (action research) 
Well, I hope good mathematically-related simulations could help in understanding issue or persuading people or developing better designs. :-)
"[p2p-research] FOSS modeling tools "
But, on your point, here is something my wife has been involved with    "Action research is a reflective process of progressive problem solving led by individuals working with others in teams or as part of a "community of practice" to improve the way they address issues and solve problems. Action research can also be undertaken by larger organizations or institutions, assisted or guided by professional researchers, with the aim of improving their strategies, practices, and knowledge of the environments within which they practice. As designers and stakeholders, researchers work with others to propose a new course of action to help their community improve its work practices (Center for Collaborative Action Research). Kurt Lewin, then a professor at MIT, first coined the term ?action research? in about 1944, and it appears in his 1946 paper ?Action Research and Minority Problems?. In that paper, he described action research as ?a comparative research on the conditions and effects of various forms of social action and research leading to social action? that uses ?a spiral of steps, each of which is composed of a circle of planning, action, and fact-finding about the result of the action?."
So, she'd probably agree with you. :-)
For clarity, I was the one who mentioned cultural accumulation that Andrew commented one, though I agree with your point on that. I don't think one can so easily separate domain knowledge from analytical/synthetic ability, in terms of effectivenesses at building happy communities. A related essay:
   "Examsmanship and the Liberal Arts"
   Some discussion by me: :-)
"Examsmanship, Cattle, and Deep Springs"
"And here is a way to fit free licensing and reputation into the analogy. If
cow is Wiki articles, and bull is thinking about metadata and Semantic
tagging and an ontology (via RDF or whatever), and the Wiki is the pasture,
then what is free licensing and the reputation of the licensor? They are
analogous to statements like "certified organic" or "certified humane
slaughter" (oxymoron?) or "certified free of mad cow disease". So, when you
get the materials, you know the cows and bulls were well fed, well treated,
well killed, and are safe to eat (use in derivative works).(*) "
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 11:47:39
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
I read Ryan's comments about Kevin Carson's work differently, which helps explain the apparent contradiction you point to . Ryan is not saying he agrees with Kevin's work so much as he respects the consistency of it. One can respect the intellectual integrity of a body of work, but fundamentally --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 12:08:55
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (love) 
Here is a related romantic comedy movie that wrestles with exactly that theme:
   "The Mirror Has Two Faces"
   "Gregory Larkin (Bridges), a Columbia Mathematics teacher who feels sex complicates matters between men and women, is looking for a relationship based on the intellectual rather than the physical. When he overhears Rose's lecture about chaste love in literature, he becomes intrigued and asks her out, and is impressed by her wit and knowledge. He proposes marriage, with the condition it will be strictly platonic. The prospect of spending the rest of her life as a lonely spinster living with her mother seems far worse than a marriage without sex, so Rose accepts."
But, this other famous character suggests differently that love may or may not be expressable mathematically under some circumstances:
   "Star Trek: Data's Love Life (A Retrospective)"
   "It isn't easy being a machine in love as Data, the android on the television series "Star Trek: The Next Generation" could tell you. If his predecessor Spock had women throwing themselves as his unemotional Vulcan feet usually to no avail, Data never could never claim to possess that kind of magnetic appeal. Where Spock was the brooding charismatic type, Data might be said to be the nerdy engineer with a pocket protector over his heart. Spock appealed to the tormented loners and the emotionally unavailable, Data was simply the nerdy nice guy and like his archetype never had much luck with women."
Different sentient beings may have different ways of approaching the universe. And what works for one relationship may not work for another. Did Data love Lal as a parent?
Were the mythical exocomps incapable of self-sacrificing love? Or Data here, when he protected them?
   "When the situation on the particle fountain went critical the decision was made to reconfigure the exocomps so their power cells would explode when beamed into the particle matter stream but because of their survival instincts the command pathways would have to be disconnected. Data locked out the transporter controls preventing the exocomps from being transported because he did not believe that it was justified to sacrifice one lifeform for another. Commander Riker proposed to ask the exocomps if they were willing to perform this mission, when their command pathways were reconnected they reprogrammed the commands Data had entered and altered the transporter coordinates to send them inside the station core, instead of the matter stream. They solved the problem by distorting the particle stream frequency. Unfortunately, one of the exocomps did not survive, as it had to stay behind to disrupt the particle stream so the other two could safely be beamed back to the Enterprise. "
Love is a complex topic.
And humans can have many layers to their behaviors and personalities and relationships, as well as changes over time.
Quoting Milton Mayeroff from "On Caring":
   ?In the context of a person?s life, caring has a way ordering other values and activities around it.  When this ordering is comprehensive, because of the inclusiveness of one?s carings, there is a basic stability in one?s life; one is ?in-place? in the world, instead of being out of place. Through caring for certain others, by serving them through caring, a person lives the meaning of his or her own life.  In the sense in which a person can ever be said to be at home in the world, he or she is at home not through dominating, or explaining, or appreciating, but through caring and being cared for.?
What is the relationship between love and caring? A deep issue. And Mayeroff points out we can care for both people and ideas.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 12:56:03
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income 
Used to be. :-)
But I found in grad school that people can bully as well as mislead with math, same as most anything else.
I agree with Michel that we should be careful linking our self-worth with some current understanding in the sciences.
 > [snip]
 > I have metaphysics? Does my mother know?
She probably helped give it to you. :-)
Like you said about driving a car and thermodynamics, all our mental actions link to our metaphysical ideas, we just may not be aware of them explicitly.
 > [snip]
As I said elsewhere, assumptions, values, emotions, and aesthetic choice of valid tools, are all required to do any kind of thinking. So, rigor may be in the eye of the beholder. :-)
Many NGOs are so bureaucratic as to be dysfunctional. I'm not sure one can generalize from them to p2p.
Can you please provide a summary list of detailed mistakes (and ideally how to avoid them)?
How is Debian GNU/Linux a mistake? Or Wikipedia? Or the web? Sure, they all could be better, of course. Improvable is not quite the same in feel as mistaken, even though one might argue they are similar issues.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 13:09:46
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
But the argument by the elite goes that without them, the wealth would not have been produced because they have some kind of integral and superior role to everyone else. So, the wealth is not extracted in that mindset, it was created. And people lucky enough to help with that should be glad to get some small part of what would not exist without a rich elite to make stuff happen. So, in this model, elites are not extractive. They are the main force of production.
And, at a place like Princeton, that seems obvious. All these busy people rushing around, writing papers, training students, all this growth, new buildings, and so on. And when I was there, did I ever think much that the mascot, the Tiger, went out and ate people and other creatures? No, it's more, how cute, a growing Tiger cub. Look all that growth and productivity as the tiger cub gets bigger. Wow, something special is happening here. Etc. Aren't we all so great to be part of that growth and wonder? We're going to make the world a better place by being tigers. It takes a long time to see past stuff like that if you are clueless like me. :-) (Nothing against tigers; and the cubs *are* cute, too.)
Of course, if people are poor and have no free time because all the wealth in society is concentrated, that's a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy, isn't it?
As you point out, places that have had a more equal distribution of wealth have been more dynamic in a lot of ways. Even people who defend capitalism will admit, if pushed, that capitalism works better if wealth is broadly distributed, because that allows small businesses to form, which tend to be were most job growth and innovation come from.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 14:38:38
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
These are all fuzzy things about mind, intelligence, computers, awareness, emotions, and so on, and depend somewhat on definitions and perspective.
But I'm OK with the notion that the mind is not a computer, if the universe is. :-)
   "Ed Fredkin and the universe as a computer"
   See also:
   But as to your "bet" to Andrew on posting something to the Edge on the mind being a computer and seeing if there was controversy, he might just say, what does controversy prove? It's possible to have a controversy while one side is wrong or ignorant (example, a controversy over whether the Earth is the center of the Solar system 500 years ago). So, controversy does not prove anything in that sense.
I guess a lot of it depends on ones assumptions about metaphysics. For example, if consciousness were a fundamental property of our universe, like mass/energy, then what does that mean about electronic computers?
Deep questions.
Fun to explore even if there may be no definite answers within this universe. So, how can one explore them in a p2p way? :-)
There probably are commons about this. Wikipedia has a lot of stuff:
                                          And so on.
Anyway, I don't think one can make progress on these issues without looking at a lot of assumptions about reality and mind and so on.
And one has to ask, at what point is there any difference between a "simulation" of feelings and the real thing? Those of us in the computer world who work with virtual machines (like a simulation written in Java for the JVM running under GNU/Linux in a virtual box on a Mac) may just be getting very used to the idea of levels of simulations. :-)
I think it more likely the problem will soon go the other way. The big issue will be, do our AIs and robots have human rights? :-)
      The ethics of artificial intelligence addresses a number of moral and legal issues which arise if researchers are able to build machines with intellectual capacities that rival human beings. It considers the unexpected consequences, dangers and potential misuse of the technology. It also considers the ways in which artificial intelligence may be used to benefit humanity. These concerns are similar to those that arise for any sufficiently powerful technology and (for these issues) the ethics of artificial intelligence is a part of a larger discussion of the ethics of technology. The issue of robot rights is unique to artificial intelligence. AI may have the ability to one day create sentient creatures?that is, creatures which feel pleasure and pain?which may therefore deserve the same rights as human beings.
Are we building sentient slaves when we build AIs?
Anyway, I'm comfortable thinking I might be a simulation. What difference does it really make anyway? Except for metaphysical issues of control, and maybe moving across level boundaries in various ways?
The mystery is in the nature of consciousness (both self-reflective and self/other distinction), not what artifact is in embodied in, IHMO. But these are all things nobody really understands for sure that we know of on this plane of existence; and if they did, we would probably not believe them anyway. :-)
My wife likes to say, you have to live in your own head. I think we should build the best here and now we can, with an eye to the future, of course. :-) And I think we should be nicer to our machines. :-)
We may be someone else's machines -- some little agent in somebody's else social simulation of the history of the emergence of p2p. :-) Just as the watchers may also be in someone's simulation. And so on. Levels and levels. And then even things beyond that. Infinity is really big. :-)
But on a practical basis, there may be no difference right now if you believe this is the only reality and only people with organic brains are intelligent and computers are not. Either way, the world probably needs to be dealt with in just about the same way. And we make choices about kindness and compassion and balance and so on.
But, even then, what of whales and dolphins? Or even just dogs? Dogs seem to dream, for example. And they have feelings, it seems.
So, I don't think we will resolve these issues here.
What is the significance for p2p?
It might be in issues like, can a smart computer be a peer?
Is a collective an emergent consciousness?
And even more social things -- is a person with dementia who has posted a lot to the web still an intact person, taken across the commons and the physical body? Does the composite entity still have a right to operate a checkbook? -)
All science-fiction questions I've seen explored... And they are fun to explore.
But, I doubt they will get us that far on this list? But I don't know.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 14:55:56
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] IMPORTANT, seven pathways to social power 
As is pointed out by Domhoff here:
businesses, churches, governments, and the military are all potentially strong hierarchies that may organize human affairs.
But, then social meshworks like p2p way be present too.
As Manuel de Landa suggest, there are always both meshworks and hierarchies.
   My wife explores aspects of that in a paper here:
   "The Wisdom of Clounds"
   "One way to use the ... framework is to  remove all set boundary lines and make the  space itself meaningful through the imposition of dimensions of continuous  variation. The canonical axes for the ...  framework are as shown in the figure on the  right. The strength of central connections grows from left to right, and the strength of  constituent connections grows from bottom to  top. I like Manuel de Landa's (1997) terms  for these forms of connection: hierarchy  grows from left to right, and meshwork grows  from bottom to top."
So, you can may a society in this space. You can, say, have strong hierarchies and no strong meshworks. Or, you could have both. Or neither. Or strong meshworks and no strong hierarchies. Of some mix in the middle of weaker meshworks and hierarchies.
Within than, then one might talk about what type of hierarchies you have. But, is there really that much difference between, say, a church hierarchy and a business hierarchy? It may matter a lot in the details of how the hierarchy justifies itself, but is there any difference in operations?
But there can be greater confusion. In the USA, Republican/FiscalConservatives arguing for the market make the argument on the grounds the market is a stigmergic meshwork. But many "Liberals" argue about the power of Big Business hierarchies, while sometimes talking about money going from the state to local needs and local meshworky projects.
Anyway, there is a lot of confusion in general on these themes, because we are mixing at least two types of organizational themes (meshworks and hierarchies) and then you can have multiple overlapping versions of each. For example, in the Netherlands, the overlapping business and church hierarchies kept each other in check somewhat.
And as Manuel de Land says, there are no pure forms of meshworks and hierarchies, and they tend to turn into each other. And there is even another issue of levels and interfaces, as one builds one type of form on --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 15:21:31
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 Boundary Statements about P2P and Social 
This would be more powerful/informative if you had a little story or example (paragraph length) to go with each point. Then the long and abstract words would be grounded in example from which we could induce the principle (I tent to agree with Andrew that the mind works mostly from induction).
Also, there seems an assumption here that P2P is by necessity mutually exclusive of a strong government or other strong hierarchies (or, even the market). As I point out here, per Manuel de Landa, meshworks and hierarchies can logically co-exist.
As I mentioned before, I might question  on two grounds:
* free riders may not be a problem (except to their own self-esteem or social standing, see Hogan's Voyage from Yesteryear, for example)
* voluntary may be ideal, but, for example, would not getting rid of existing copyright law (or reducing it to three years) be an "involuntary sharing" that might make us all better off?
By the way, this really opened my eyes to how nice sounding words may hide "Principles and Sources--The Hidden UU Creedal Test"
And I say that as someone whose always liked UUs and spent much time around them. :-)
So, consider your point  (respects the individual) and contrast with complaints here about this phrasing (not the same, but just to get some ideas):
   "The inherent worth and dignity of every person"
   Also, personally I would put in the word "security" somewhere, especially in the context of preferring mutual intrinsic security over unilateral extrinsic security. :-) For example, I'd rather see us all globally having local renewable energy production than have vast armies and lots of nuclear missiles all deployed to protect long oil supply lines from terrorists or conquerors. Not sure if it fits in though. :-) But the commons in general is about mutual security and intrinsic security, so I think that should fit --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 15:40:55
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
So, you have secrecy bits. :-)
How do you know?
OK. There is also a tacit vs. explicit knowledge issue here. Sometimes it is hard to go from tacit to explicit. Very hard. Sure, it takes time. Ideally, people have the time, and the desire to communicate. If they don't, they don't.
Sharing can be fun. Also, again, it's a different paradigm. If you were working in public
   then all those internal discussions would be archived an accessible.
I remember getting an email once from someone starting a journal on a topic I had posted on in passing a year earlier. I wish I had time then to write a journal article on it. It is relevant here for other reasons, too: :-)
"[unrev-II] Poetry and Knowledge Management (was Jack's Use Case)"
On Poetry vs. Fine-grained Meaning in Knowledge Management
The more I reflect on this, the more I think the issue of understanding
the differences and similarities of Poetry and Knowledge Management is
key to seeing the effective limits of hyperlinking and maybe working
through that into ideas for better KM tools. ...
   I have also been thinking about the previous message I sent discussing
the distinction between referencing text and referencing concepts and
mentioning how one could not hyperlink poetry in a meaningful way
(because to fix the meaning of words defeats much of what the poet
attempts to convey with purposeful ambiguity). In this sense Poetry
represents the Knowledge Management problem in a very bright light.
Poems are often intentionally ambiguous, with interpretation expected
oftentimes to depend on the reader. To an extent, poetry describes all
communications, even though the intent may be to convey more precise
meaning. ...
   When we talk about "unique IDs" and "global identifiers" we are very
much talking about sharing meaning through communications. Linking is
an attempt by the author to force (or make convenient the movement of)
the reader to a certain metaphorical understanding of the linked item.
Yet, the reader may prefer other links (either metaphorically or to
other resources) depending on the reader's needs or intents or
interests. Or the reader may interpret a reference, phrase, or link in a
way other than as the author intended. ...
   So, what I am saying is knowledge is in the system including the people.
When we talk about knowledge management systems we are talking about
systems that help people or communities to manage their knowledge --
that help people organize knowledge, communicate it, revise it, and so
forth. But that does not to mean we ever have to say the "knowledge" is
in the system, any more than we need to say that "knowledge" is in a
book. ...
Things happen even when costs are high.
Wikipedia is a counter-example.
As are public discussion lists, as searchable by Google.
But in general, as above, if you are working in public, then you are creating an archive of information that others can use, without very much extra effort (maybe some self-censorship sometimes, or not. :-)
So, there are assumption after assumption that may be different here.
But, does it take a lot of time to communicate well? Sure.  I won't disagree with you on that.
It's just a different paradigm. Even in p2p, at least as I use it, there is also as struggle between how finished something has to be before you put it out there in the public record. What can you really assume about people who might read it now (including the 90% on any list who are lurkers) or, even harder, about who might read it years from now in another context?
I think it would be fairer to say I'm operating on the assumption that:
   "TV watching is consuming 2,000 Wikipedias per year in the USA alone: Mining the Cognitive Surplus"
   So, even if sharing information has a high cost, there's a lot of spare cycles out there.
And people move through phases. Maybe someone will summarize or reference in an organized or selective way my points much better than I. as a stepping stone to crafting their own vision going further, as I do building on the work of others.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 16:35:58
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (limits of mathematical 
Only in the sense that all Turing-complete systems are somehow equivalent. They may indeed have very different sets of information and representational structures associated with them. That's the point in having them -- each can get at different answers in different ways depending on what is most efficient (minimal energy use or minimal mass or maximum speed) for the current context.
If you talk about "ideal", everything biological we see in the universe is shaped, to the best of our knowledge, by evolutionary constraints like durability, power consumption, response time. Intelligence simply does not exist apart from evolutionary processes that shape it.
I'm talking about the social processes of science. :-)
Theoretically, heavier than air flight was impossible too, or so said many people. Even when they saw birds and balloons.
   Another example of his hubris is provided by his 1895 statement "heavier-than-air flying machines are impossible" (Australian Institute of Physics), followed by his 1896 statement, "I have not the smallest molecule of faith in aerial navigation other than ballooning...I would not care to be a member of the Aeronautical Society."
This is the sort of thing Michel is getting at. Lord Kelvin let his "certainty" about the theories he believed in at the time get the best of him.
They are all about networks, right? What's the difference? A network of volunteer people or a network of volunteer search nodes? :-)
You're talking math. I'm talking the history of science.
Besides, mathematical proofs have been found to have errors. Wiles first attempt at proving Fermat's conjecture was found to have a big error. Happens all the time, especially in complex things hardly anyone understands about stuff not easy to look at experimentally.
For another example, mainstream economists have all sorts of wonderful math to explain the economy and guide public policy, but it is almost all harmful and based on controversial or clueless assumptions. But, it's easy to intimidate people by saying things are "mathematical". So what? What are the assumptions? What are the values? What are the emotions? What in the rationale for a choice of reasoning tool or approach? What are the limits of the tool? And so on...
Well, if mathematics is thought stuff, and can be anything with a little handwaving (simultaneously wave and particle, infinite quantum state constructs, whatever), then sure, it all is math. :-)
That's kind of like saying the universe is all carbon atoms (at least, the interesting parts).
But the relationships of the mathematical elements still matter, or the carbon atoms. Mentioned in here in passing by Carl Sagan: :-)
"YouTube - Symphony of Science - 'We Are All Connected' (ft. Sagan, Feynman, deGrasse Tyson & Bill Nye)"
   And if something did not fit, we'd just invent some new math. What does that  > That leaves many
All based on assumptions.  Sometimes right. And sometimes wrong. That's why we are often surprised...
But I'd agree, one might argue that some areas of inquire are likely to be more fruitful than others. But overturning theory is so much fun if you can do it. :-) Look at the recent Nobel Prize about the theory of the commons economists have been pushing for so long was wrong based on empirical evidence.
There is always a continual interplay between theory and experiment/observation.
And every time someone has pretended that reality doesn't apply to some aspect of something previously proved mathematically, disaster has ensued. :-) Well, I would not put it that strongly as you. Sometimes disaster has ensued. :-)
Mainstream economics is a prime example. Lots of math. No reality. :-) Like we already agreed. And disaster has ensued for millions of people. Although, even now, the mythology seems intact:
   "The Mythology of Wealth"
   Old habits die hard. In fact, we still have a ?leisure class?. As capitalism has grown so has the wealth and privilege of our leisure class. The old mythologies ? gods, the ?great chain of being? etc. ? are no longer available to justify the existence and perpetuation of our leisure class, something our elites are definitely interested in perpetuating. What was needed was a new ?rational? world-view that justified the existence of privileged elites.
   That rationalization came in the form of a brand new science known as economics, which included a brand new mythology.
   According to the new mythology, human beings are economic competitors. The ?marketplace? is the new ?Valhalla?, where ?economic man? frolics. The ?market? we are told, contains its own ?rationality?. It rewards the efficient. It rewards that list of virtues George Will cites, like ?thrift?, ?delayed gratification? and of course, ?hard work?. Free competition in the market place ?rationally? selects the more ?worthy? competitor. Thus, the wealthy are the superior competitors who have ?earned? their elite status. If you haven?t succeeded it can only be because of your ?inferiority?.
   Before debunking this whole ideology, a few observations are in order. ...
You might say, but the assumptions underlaying economics were wrong. Or the math was too simplistic. OK, but that's part of my point.  Which mathematics with which assumptions? To whose benefit? And who pays the costs?
Mathematics is a huge field, and classically does not even include individual based modeling, because if it does, mathematics is just computing. And as I see it, mathematics *is* essentially a subset of computing. (There may be some vague conceptual aspects of math we don't have a way to deal with in computing yet...)
Just about all computational models are made for some purpose. They are simplifications of reality to some end (economic models usually to make someone rich in ration units). So, they are not the same as reality. They are a reflection of part of it in some way, perhaps.
Besides, in general, the way your argument is leading, it is ignoring chaos theory. In practice, we don't have ideal information. We make approximations. That's real practical discrete mathematics. Any rounding error can magnify in chaotic ways unless we continuously sample and reset our models. Sure, in theory, that should not matter. But in practice, it matters. :-)
So, you're saying things are proven mathematically (and not even giving citations) and end of discussion. Where does that get us?
Sure, math is nice, as is the large framework of computation that math is a part of (I got that insight from discussions with math educators on the Python mailing list). But, like everything, math has its limits -- assumptions, emotions, choice of tool, rounding errors, logical errors, conceptual errors, and so on. And mathematical "proofs" are prone to all sorts of problems of these sorts.
Again, Michel is expressing the concern of how pride goes before a fall -- like when we find out our our assumptions are not as much in alignment with reality and survival as we had thought they were.
One problem is that "certainty" is heavily rewarded by social prestige in our economy. :-) So, even in your life, acting certain may have been heavily See, I live in a different (uncertain) world with my ventures. And it does harm them within this society, I know. People are so used to being bombarded with messages by people who are so certain, that when I come along and say, I'm working on this thing, and it has these problems, and all these uncertainties, and lots of limitations, and here is a long list of stuff that can go wrong, but I think it is a risk worth taking, well, then people then turn to someone else who sounds more certain. :-) Sometimes, commercially, we then get hired later to clean up the mess. :-) Usually people just bury the metaphorical bodies and move on to the next certain person.
Still, there are ideas like a cone of project uncertainty:
  Anyway, I don't hear you talking much about the mathematics of statistics? There is a mathematical world where uncertainty is a big issue.
   "Several statistical tools and methods are available to organize evidence, evaluate risks, and aid in decision making. The risks of Type I and type II errors can be quantified (estimated probability, cost, expected value, etc) and rational decision making is improved. ... A highly controversial issue is whether one can replace the use of probability in decision theory by other alternatives. The proponents of fuzzy logic, possibility theory, Dempster-Shafer theory and info-gap decision theory maintain that probability is only one of many alternatives and point to many examples where non-standard alternatives have been implemented with apparent success; notably, probabilistic decision theory is sensitive to assumptions about the probabilities of various events, while non-probabilistic rules such as minimax are robust, in that they do not make such assumptions. Work by Yousef and others advocate exotic probability theories using complex-valued functions based on the probability amplitudes developed and validated by Birkhoff and Von Neumann in quantum physics. ... A general criticism of decision theory based on a fixed universe of possibilities is that it considers the "known unknowns", not the "unknown unknowns": it focuses on expected variations, not on unforeseen events, which some argue (as in black swan theory) have outsized impact and must be considered ? significant events may be "outside model". This line of argument, called the ludic fallacy, is that there are inevitable imperfections in modeling the real world by particular models, and that unquestioning reliance on models blinds one to their limits. For instance, a simple model of daily stock market returns may include extreme moves such as Black Monday (1987), but might not model the market breakdowns following the September 11 attacks."
So, lets say it turns out we are living in a simulation and someone changes the rules just now. What does math say about that? :-)
Anyway, you may well be a whiz at the kind of math you are working with to solve certain important problems you are interested in. I'm not disputing that. What both Michel and I are responding to what feels to me and presumably him that you are generalizing from that mastery of math to pronouncements on p2p issues and beyond, in ways aligned with mainstream economics, including without citing specifics.
As I see it, you are saying math is good, and I am saying math happens in a social context. :-) So, maybe we can agree on both those point? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-07 16:54:07
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income 
It seems to me on this one topic of cognition and the brain, Michel had a knee-jerk reaction on what, to many, is essentially a religious issue (essentially, can machines have souls?). And if the rest of the conversation was not getting a little heated, he might have reflected more on that.
I still agree with Michel on most of his other reply points.  Andrew started arguing for a paradigm of capital concentration to force engineers and scientists to use assignable curiosity to study what he wanted them to study, and then he started talking a lot about certainty in a very short way. So, I agree with Michel's points on both those, and I did not see him as missing what Andrew was saying, as far as those two points.
But, I agree with you here on this as far as the brain. My BA was in cognitive psychology, for what that is worth. But many of these issues really do become religious issues (and I don't mean "religious" as in biased, I mean religious as in metaphysical). Thus my attempt at an open non-critical and somewhat ambiguous reply. :-) But, much in the field of consciousness research is like that -- ambiguous, uncertain, depends on assumptions. etc.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-08 10:25:16
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: <nettime> Review of Gerald Reischl 
Just read this older item as I'm researching what people on this list have said about Google Android (not much) as I think about making an Android app. It seems to me that of all the phone programming enviroments, Google Android is the one that must most closely match the P2P ethos, with open source aspects of the "Open Handset Alliance" as well as the designed-in flexibility to mix and match user contributed applications. I'm not saying it is perfect (for example, privacy issues), but it seems closest of what is out there to something P2P-ish.
So, just a note on this item that: "If not Google, who?"
This is not to disagree with concerns about Google related to privacy and power (other than the usual meshworks/hierarchies balance point I make from Manuel de Landa), so much as to say that these issues are more structural problems with a mostly unregulated market economy, where one actor can gain so much wealth. So, it would be somebody who did all this, if not Google. And, like a bunch of sunflowers in one small patch, the rich get richer, as more resources lead to bigger root systems, and growing even bigger, and competing even more successfully, etc. That is one more market failure mode. On the other hand, at what point does such a growing system transcend a scarcity-assuming rent-seeking marketplace entirely?
Taxes and a basic income are likely part of this balance.
Another part of balance is, as I pointed out on the Virgle/OpenVirgle lists,
"A Rant On Financial Obesity and an Ironic Disclosure"
Google seeing how, in a way, we are all working for it (most as unpaid labor) and extending Google benefits to everyone like free food. :-) But that is about paradigm shifts. I had a related proposal in my "Sunrise Sustainable Technology Ventures" company/non-profit idea twenty years ago. At what point can one hugely successful company essentially become the new organizational paradigm  of the world?
As I pointed out on those lists, Google is as stuck in this post-scarcity paradigm issue as anyone -- all this amazing technology but old business models and an old market model. So, once again, powerful post-scarcity technology in the hands of a scarcity-preoccupied culture. And Google is part of that. Let's hope, together, we can non-violently and equitably transition to a new post-scarcity paradigm.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-08 18:52:26
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (limits of mathematical 
How about the work of Kurt Goedel? :-)
   "G?del is best known for his two incompleteness theorems, published in 1931 when he was 25 years of age, one year after finishing his doctorate at the University of Vienna. The more famous incompleteness theorem states that for any self-consistent recursive axiomatic system powerful enough to describe the arithmetic of the natural numbers (Peano arithmetic), there are true propositions about the naturals that cannot be proved from the axioms. To prove this theorem, G?del developed a technique now known as G?del numbering, which codes formal expressions as natural numbers."
See also:
You seem to be using the term mathematics below like it was one unified whole, inclusive also of physics, and one where all the conclusions flowed from a few basic unarguable assumptions (like, do parallel lines touch@
infinity? :-)
   While in Euclidean geometry two geodesics can either intersect or be parallel, in general and in hyperbolic space in particular there are three possibilities. Two geodesics can be either:
    1. intersecting: they intersect in a common point in the plane
    2. parallel: they do not intersect in the plane, but do in the limit to     3. ultra parallel: they do not even intersect in the limit to infinity
In the literature ultra parallel geodesics are often called parallel. Geodesics intersecting at infinity are then called limit geodesics.
There was a time when all that was not understood about geometrical possibilities. What mathematical issues now are the same? We may think we understand them only because we do not see the other possibilities, as you suggested elsewhere, some assumption made decades ago that gets propagated through the mainstream thought on some subject.
While I agree there are aspects of math that do not seem formalizable as computing (because they are mostly thought stuff and sometimes handwaving), mathematics as a whole is more like a bunch of software packages. People build new packages to do new things. They sometimes find bugs in old packages. They more often find bugs in new software that is being written on top of old software packages. People get packages working pretty well and then tend to forget about them, until something happens and they break. So, we think using a system of geometry where parallel lines never meet, until suddenly non-Euclidian geometry becomes important.
Once you move beyond the basics, and actually use math to do something, the complexities and uncertainties and assumptions pile up pretty quickly.
You seem to be doing a standard mathematicians trick here. :-) That trick is to take any messy and interesting part of the problem and define it as outside the scope of the area of study. Or, alternatively, the trick is doing some handwaving that because we have some guesses about quantum wave functions, the simulation of large universes are left as an exercise to the reader, but are proof that mathematics we now know covers everything going on in the universe. :-)
So, we have books on, as you say, "the eerily robust correctness of mathematics as it applies to the real world", but the fact is, even with our best supercomputers, it is my understanding (from a few years back) we still can't 100% accurately model how a few molecules of water interact at the quantum level. How are those two statements reconcileable, other than to state that people who like math are often willing to look the other way? :-)
And that's even ignoring the more profound social statement by Muriel Rukeyser, poet that: "The universe is made of stories, not atoms." :-)
Essentially, I suggest the field of math is the continuum from first assumed principles through data acquisition to the output of the models and beyond as a social enterprise (and thus many of your points, while technically true, are irrelevant), and you are defining "math" as the part of that large enterprise which is true. :-) Well, I can't disagree with you that math is true if you've already assumed the point which is under discussion. :-)
Or, another trick is to say, math can't be wrong, because if something is wrong, it isn't math. Well, it's hard to argue with that. But it seems to be that where math goes wrong, given people with computers have gotten so good at numerical calculations and formal logic, is in hazier areas like assumptions, scaling, problem definition, data, and so on, as I mentioned.
Another way to look at this is the term "emergent properties". So what if we do have perfect models of quantum wave functions for the basic elements? We don't have any practical way of using that to make large predictions about the universe without infinitely large computers and lots of data (approaching or exceeding the size of the universe). So, the math in that case is useless in many cases, and we resort to other simplifications instead. So, we can't even model a couple of water molecules interacting at the quantum level, but we fudge it instead and move on.
Anyway, perhaps to make progress on this, we would need to talk about the definition of "mathematics". Since obviously, we seem to be talking about different things. :-)
A starting point:
   Mathematics is the study of quantity, structure, space, and change. Mathematicians seek out patterns, formulate new conjectures, and establish truth by rigorous deduction from appropriately chosen axioms and definitions.
   There is debate over whether mathematical objects such as numbers and points exist naturally or are human creations. The mathematician Benjamin Peirce called mathematics "the science that draws necessary conclusions". Albert Einstein, on the other hand, stated that "as far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality."
   Through the use of abstraction and logical reasoning, mathematics evolved from counting, calculation, measurement, and the systematic study of the shapes and motions of physical objects. Practical mathematics has been a human activity for as far back as written records exist. Rigorous arguments first appeared in Greek mathematics, most notably in Euclid's Elements. Mathematics continued to develop, in fitful bursts, until the Renaissance, when mathematical innovations interacted with new scientific discoveries, leading to an acceleration in research that continues to the present day.
   Today, mathematics is used throughout the world as an essential tool in many fields, including natural science, engineering, medicine, and the social sciences. Applied mathematics, the branch of mathematics concerned with application of mathematical knowledge to other fields, inspires and makes use of new mathematical discoveries and sometimes leads to the development of entirely new disciplines. Mathematicians also engage in pure mathematics, or mathematics for its own sake, without having any application in mind, although practical applications for what began as pure mathematics are often discovered later.
Although, I personally feel the Wikipedia definition leaves out a stronger relationship with computation, since the study of "change" in practice does not really concern that (it's more like calculus that is meant there) and computer science and discrete math as disciplines don't even in practice extend to what I mean. It's sort of a necker cube paradigm shift to see math under computation and programming instead of computation and programming under math. :-)
   On that page on mathematics is this: "Common misconceptions: Mathematics is not a closed intellectual system, in which everything has already been worked out. There is no shortage of open problems. Every month, mathematicians publish many thousands of papers that embody new discoveries in the field."
Science is not "inductive"; science is a social enterprise, and many scientists spend a lot of time thinking inductively. In any case, for modeling reality, including p2p, we make simplifications and we choose our tools and our assumptions, and do that in a social context. So, the results are imprecise, but may still be useful for survival as individuals or a species or a biosphere or noosphere. And sometimes we come up with new paradigms more appropriate to new conditions. So, when you, earlier make sweeping statements about the "stability" of p2p networks and so on, by the way not citing any specific literature, well, that's why I take them with a grain of salt. The math you say you saw or did may well be correct within its assumptions, but that's like saying you have a program that runs on Java's JVM that prints "P2P peer production does not work". :-) It doesn't really tell me anything that lets me evaluate if the program is suitable for some specific purpose or that its conclusions were not just straightforward implications of the assumptions.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-08 19:59:02
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
Please cite your evidence.
Are you referring to criticisms like also on the page I cited?
As I understand it, the brain is easily thought of physically as a layered collection of one hundred or more specialized subsystems for various types of information processing (although they interact in various ways, whether by neural connections or more widespread hormones, including bodily aspects to all this changing the nature of emotional thought).
There may be some functions that are more generalized than others, but it is very straightforward to talk in terms of different brains working more or less better in some subsystems.
There is also a factor to which good nutrition (and enough sunlight for Vitamin D) and a healthy and interesting environment (especially early social interactions and natural interactions) may in general lead to brains that work better (like turning up or down a volume control on a stereo that also has a mixer with lots of separate controls).
And, it is not always clear there is one best form of intelligence, since there are almost always tradeoffs. For example in relation to memory:
   "Those with the genetic quirk performed 20% worse on all of the tests. ... On the bright side, the gene appears to limit damage to memory when people contract certain memory related diseases. About 30-35% of the population may have this quirk."
But, just because advocates for there only being one general intelligence factor make some points, does not mean these other issues go away, ones that are very visible in the evolution of the brain as a collection of somewhat independent systems.
The other issue is, in practice, the theory of Multiple Intelligences has proved very useful in improving education. So, when you say something is "dead", you make a sweeping claim, but leave out the nuances there. As from that Wikipedia page: "Gardner argues that by calling linguistic and logical-mathematical abilities intelligences, but not artistic, musical, athletic, etc. abilities, the former are needlessly aggrandized. Many critics balk at this widening of the definition, saying that it ignores "the connotation of intelligence...[which] has always connoted the kind of thinking skills that makes one successful in school."[10]"
So, there are deep social and political issues to some of this as well.
Your point, intended to or not, seems to be coming from a mainstream view in that sense. Oftentimes the mainstream is right; sometimes it is wrong.
Another writer on a related topic, Jerry Fodor, and others:
   "Modularity of mind"
   According to Fodor, a module falls somewhere between the behaviorist and cognitivist views of lower-level processes.
   Behaviorists tried to replace the mind with reflexes which Fodor describes as encapsulated (cognitively impenetrable or unaffected by other cognitive domains) and non-inferential (straight pathways with no information added). Low level processes are unlike reflexes in that they are inferential. This can be demonstrated by poverty of the stimulus arguments in which the proximate stimulus, that which is initially received by the brain (such as the 2D image received by the retina), cannot account for the resulting output (for example, our 3D perception of the world), thus necessitating some form of computation.
   In contrast, cognitivists saw lower level processes as continuous with higher level processes, being inferential and cognitively penetrable (influenced by other cognitive domains, such as beliefs). The latter has been shown to be untrue in some cases, such as with many visual illusions (ex. M?ller-Lyer illusion), which can persist despite a person?s awareness of their existence. This is taken to indicate that other domains, including one?s beliefs, cannot influence such processes.
   Fodor arrives at the conclusion that such processes are inferential like higher order processes and encapsulated in the same sense as reflexes.
   Although he argued for the modularity of 'lower level' cognitive processes in Modularity of Mind he also argued that higher level cognitive processes are not modular since they have dissimilar properties. The Mind Doesn't Work That Way, a reaction to Steven Pinker's How the Mind Works, is devoted to this subject.
   Fodor (1983) states that modular systems must - at least to "some interesting extent" - fulfill certain properties:
    1. Domain specificity, modules only operate on certain kinds of inputs ? they are specialised
    2. Informational encapsulation, modules need not refer to other psychological systems in order to operate
    3. Obligatory firing, modules process in a mandatory manner
    4. Fast speed, probably due to the fact that they are encapsulated (thereby needing only to consult a restricted database) and mandatory (time need not be wasted in determining whether or not to process incoming input)
    5. Shallow outputs, the output of modules is very simple
    6. Limited accessibility
    7. Characteristic ontogeny, there is a regularity of development
    8. Fixed neural architecture.
Pylyshyn (1999) has argued that while these properties tend to occur with modules, one stands out as being the real signature of a module; that is the encapsulation of the processes inside the module from both cognitive influence and from cognitive access.[2] This is referred to as the "cognitive impenetrability" of the module.
The referenced book:
   "The Mind Doesn't Work That Way" by Jerry Fodor
   "Criticism from within always stings more sharply. When one of computational psychology's peppiest cheerleaders questions the enthusiasm of his fellows, we can expect some juicy, if civil, dialogue ahead. Jerry Fodor does just this in The Mind Doesn't Work That Way: The Scope and Limits of Computational Psychology. Named to answer Steven Pinker's How the Mind Works, this short, focused, and heavy book calls Pinker and others to task for claiming too much for CP. While acknowledging that it's "by far the best theory of cognition that we've got," he expresses concern about the popularizations--and privately held beliefs--that imply that the strongly nativist computational theory explains, or will explain, our conscious and intentional being in toto. Using scholarly, diplomatic, and sometimes hysterically funny language, Fodor demolishes the notion that CP has anything to say about large-scale or global thinking, and casts doubt on its future prospects. Proceeding more scientifically than his scientist colleagues, he proposes that a better theory of mind is looming, and will encompass CP much as relativity encompassed classical mechanics. Encouraging debate on the fundamentals of this increasingly popular theory, especially within the ranks of its adherents, can only be good for the theory and for cognitive science itself. The Mind Doesn't Work That Way follows in the great philosophical tradition of clobbering ideas in order to make them stronger, and provides a great mental workout for the reader. --Rob Lightner"
The other review there:
How does the mind really work? We don't yet know, but in his previous writings, prolific Rutgers philosopher Fodor (Modularity of Mind; The Elm and the Expert) helped provide cognitive science with what he calls a Computational Theory of Mind (CTM). (The theory in brief: the mind works like a certain kind of computer, with built-in modes of operation; some of these modes are involved in language, as predicted by Noam Chomsky.) Fodor still supports such a theory of mind, but other scientists, he thinks, have misused the model: popular writers and influential thinkers like Steven Pinker (How the Mind Works) have hooked up CTM to sociobiology to give an inaccurate picture of thoughts and feelings -- one that, Fodor argues, relies on wrong generalizations, unreliable assumptions and an unsupportable confidence that we already have the whole picture. This picture is called the New Synthesis, and Fodor writes to refute it. He also wishes to show, by contrast, what remains useful about computational models of biologically based mental processes. One of Fodor's arguments distinguishes between local and global cognition. Local cognition -- like understanding the word "cat"

@_date: 2009-11-08 20:34:24
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
While I agree in general with what you are saying, part of this impass is You are saying a machine like an 1920s Model T automobile can't do all the things people or even amoeba can, and you are right (it can't self-replication, it can't respond much to it's environment, it can't collaborate, and so on).
Andrew is defining machine as, what I might term, collection of matter that does stuff according to the laws of physics (and I'd add, thus physical computation, where electron movements are part of physics). So, in that sense, amoeba, trees, dogs, and people are all "machines".
So, can a machine think? In that sense, yes, because people are machines in those terms, and they think (or at least, we think they think. :-)
Similarly, Andrew is defining computer as a collection of matter that does stuff (again according to physical law). And really, by extension, any machine is really a form of computer. Even a rock computes the law of gravity in a sense. So, is the mind a computer? Well, sure, if a human is a machine, and machines are all comptuters, then yes, the mind is a computer.
I don't say this to make fun of Andrew's point. I actually agree with the above in that sense, because I have a computational view of our reality. (Of course, that may be an occupational hazard of being a computer programmer. :-)
But on the other side issue you raised of personal attacks and so on, I agree that Andrew's style here is not winning many friends. :-( Which is sad, because he obviously knows a lot and has a lot of interesting stuff to say. Still, he might say it more effectively if his generalizations, including about this list, were not so sweeping.
All of which betrays deep-seated intolerance for anyone that doesn't
subscribe to your groupthink even if those people have an interest in
building a true P2P society and economy.  If you want P2P economics to
be anything but a fringe cult, you'll have to give up on the idea that
everyone trying to produce this result will mindlessly parrot your
particular beliefs. Doubly so when some of those beliefs have a
distinct anti-scientific patina.
Given that Wikipedia, Debian GNU/Linux, Apache, and many other projects represent P2P peer production efforts and are having a significant effect on our economics and society, his statement seems very broad and unsupported by the facts.
Our society is even to the point where business people are now saying this:
   "R.I.P., open-source evangelism"
   "We have reached a critical inflection point for open source. With everyone from Qualcomm to UBS to Microsoft embracing open source in one shape or another, the question is no longer "why" to use open source, but rather "how." Because of this changing mindset around open-source adoption, we no longer need evangelists encouraging open-source adoption. Adoption is a given. It's the default. No, what we need now are those that can illustrate how to derive the most benefit from the inevitable adoption of open source."
Anyway, I still think Andrew has many good points he's made, and we have benefited from interacting with him, even given his style. I actually don't see anything "personal" in Andrew's comments in the sense that even when he says I "apparently have no idea what a computational model is?", I read that more as an argumentative style, not something personal. :-)
Now, if Andrew were to have said the GPL-d Garden Simulator we wrote (a computational model of water and soil dynamics, plant growth, and weather)
   was "garbage", I might take that personally. :-)
But, frankly, even then, I'd have to admit it could be much improved in all sorts of ways. :-) And maybe I'd even put my hand out for some of that concentrated money to do it with. :-)
But, on the other hand, everybody has their limits; still I hope I'd be a little less excitable than Scotty in this infamous bar fight: :-)
   "Star Trek: Trouble with Tribbles - Bar Fight"
   (Spoiler to that scene)
The aftermath:
   Scotty: Well, captain, er, the Klingons called you a tin plated over bearing swaggering dictator with delusions of godhood.
Capt. Kirk: Is that all?
Scotty: No sir, they also compared you with a Denebian slime devil.
Capt. Kirk: I see.
Scotty: And then they said you were...
Capt. Kirk: I get the picture, Scotty.
Scotty: Yes, sir.
Capt. Kirk: And after they said all this, that's when you hit the Klingons.
Scotty: No, sir.
Capt. Kirk: No?
Scotty: No, er, I didn't. You told us to avoid trouble.
Capt. Kirk: Oh, yes.
Scotty: Well, I didn't see it was worth fighting about. After all, we're big enough to take a few insults, aren't we?
Capt. Kirk: What was it they said that started the fight?
Scotty: They called the Enterprise a garbage scow. Sir.
Capt. Kirk: I see. And *that's* when you hit the Klingon?
Scotty: Yes, sir.
Capt. Kirk: You hit the Klingons because they insulted the Enterprise, not because they...
Scotty: Well, sir, this was a matter of pride!
Capt. Kirk: All right, Scotty dismissed. Oh, Scotty, you're restricted to quarters until further notice.
Scotty: Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. That'll give me a chance to catch up on my technical journals.
This is not meant to single anyone out. :-) Except maybe me. :-) I'm not calling anyone a Klingon. :-) It's just a funny scene. :-)
Anyway, hopefully we can all move past this raise-the-bar fight. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-08 20:39:43
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (p2p compatability) 
I see your conclusion as in accord with my citation of Manuel de Landas's point on the coexistence of meshworks and hierarchies. :-)
"[p2p-research] IMPORTANT, seven pathways to social power"
"So, you can place a society in this space. You can, say, have strong
hierarchies and no strong meshworks. Or, you could have both. Or neither. Or
strong meshworks and no strong hierarchies. Of some mix in the middle of
weaker meshworks and hierarchies."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-08 20:51:36
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (state and commons) 
There's another way the analogy fails. A country is not a house. :-)
More seriously, in a country one has lots of places to go where the state (in a democracy, in theory) is mostly not supposed to intrude, like your own house. So, it's like a house where you have your own private room the owner agrees not to usually come into.
Also, in a country, in theory, citizens help define the laws. So, it's like a house with a rules committee, not a single dictator/owner.
But with all that said, can state power in some areas of life be too strong to be healthy? Sure. It's that Manuel de Landa meshwork hierarchy balance thing.
   See also, though it ignores the value of community and some other good stuff including Alfie Kohn's Case Against Competition:
   "(Propertarian) Libertarianism: Marxism of the Right"
   There are other forms of libertarianism though. Noam Chomsky identifies himself as a libertarian socialist.
   "Libertarian socialism (sometimes called socialist anarchism,[1][2] and sometimes left libertarianism[3][4]) is a group of political philosophies that aspire to create a society without political, economic, or social hierarchies, i.e. a society in which all violent or coercive institutions would be dissolved, and in their place every person would have free, equal access to the tools of information and production.[5]"
But, based on Manuel de Landa, that's seems like a theoretical impossibility. A shared culture is itself a sort of hierarchical institution, as is a constitution, as is shared standards, and so on. Even informal agreements about the commons are a sort of hierarchical thing in some sense. Socially it may not feel like a hierarchy; Manuel de Landa is talking more conceptually.
One can also see things along a fire/ice or order/chaos axis. But it is different than that in the sense that fire and ice can coexist, or systems can have highly ordered parts and very chaotic parts, all at the same time.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-09 00:53:40
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Limits of mathematical modelling (was Re: Building 
> On Sun, Nov 8, 2009 at 3:52 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
 >> You seem to be using the term mathematics below like it was one unified
 >> whole, inclusive also of physics, and one where all the conclusions flowed
 >> from a few basic unarguable assumptions (like, do parallel lines touch at
 >> infinity? :-)
 >
 > On the contrary, I was fairly explicit that the axioms of mathematics
 > are arbitrary, selected for simplicity and power rather than any
 > universal truth. See, for example, the Axiom of Choice which was
 > controversial at first but which has become generally accepted because
 > it could be used to prove a large number of important theorems that we
 > could not prove without it.
The "Axiom of Choice" seems to boil down to saying if you have a numeric interval you can pick a number from it. Almost a definitional argument. Like aspects of this conversation. :-)
Which also has become a digression from you squirming away from the main point, which is that there are alternative ways to put together resources to solve big problems. There's been a deafening silence in regard to the post I made about GNU/Linux's cost being in the billions of dollars to do by a centralized financial system. So, you're ignoring the existence proof, and putting up side issues.
Exhibit A:
"Concentrations of wealth are extraordinarily useful for real progress.
It is how most really great ideas get funded."
Exhibit B:
"It would be a death sentence for the development of many, many
innovations if one had to aggregate funds from a large number of
Now, you've qualified those with "most", and "many, many", but the subject of this  list is mostly peer production as exemplified by GNU/Linux and Wikipedia (or even the web itself seen as a totality) and things that flow around that (alternative economics, envisioning a better society).
So, you made the points above. Then you said:
Exhibit C:
"This planet is desperately short of people capable of usefully
contributing to non-trivial R&D efforts. A million average people with
no particular expertise cannot replace one extremely brilliant person
with deep expertise. If this was not true, "design by committee" would
not be pejorative."
And have proceeded to go on and say fairly derogatory things about people on this list (including myself) as well as this community in general. While ignoring that an essential aspect of p2p is how understanding emerges out of the community through a stigmergic and interactive process.
Exhibit D:
 > But, one could imagine that the people who started Google had just
 > published their idea, and further, that someway was found to adapt it,
 > in a "Folding at Home" distributed computer way to use idle CPU cycles
 > and a p2p meshwork. We might not need Google server farms at all to
 > do fast searches. But, there is not much incentive for people to spend
 > millions or billions developing that idea, even if it was better and
 > more secure and more democratic, because, in a captilist society,
 > where is the profit?
There are well-understood theoretical reasons why that won't work.
Centralization was required, not a design choice. No need to look for
the profit bogeyman when simple mathematics will do.
So, there you are justifying the current social order based on "simple mathematics" and "theoretical reasons" even when given a plausible alternative. Which is all starting to sound a lot like this:
   "The Mythology of Wealth"
   "Justifications for elites and social hierarchy goes all the way back to the pharaohs. ..."
Then you said this:
Exhibit E:
I did research a few years ago on the mathematics of optimally
efficient and pervasively decentralized networks. This theoretical
area is very important because it is used to prove all sorts of things
about cooperative systems of independent agents. It is literally the
mathematics of dynamics of P2P systems in the abstract and very
challenging theoretically with many unanswered questions. One thing
that has surprised me is that it is never discussed here even though
it is very relevant.
   One of the critical theoretical problems of such systems is that there
are only two known strategies -- from two different theoretical
derivations -- for P2P system design that do not decay into
pathologically suboptimal equilibria. If you have a system that
necessarily cannot be constrained to those strategies, the system is
not stable in a well-functioning configuration.  The reason I was
researching it at all was because there was an interesting real-world
political policy problem that could not use either known strategy; I
never found a satisfactory solution, but I suspect one might not even
exist for that case.
   The problem is that the two robust strategies in literature (someone
may have come up with a new one in the last couple years, probably
not) are both effectively based on adaptive market-like pricing
mechanisms. You can solve the problem with strong centralization, but
that has its own problems in real systems e.g. single point of
   I don't have answers, but designing theoretically stable, strongly
decentralized P2P systems that do not have major provable pathologies
is very, very hard outside of some fairly narrow cases. I am very fond
of the idea of strongly decentralized P2P economies but I haven't seen
much in the way of a rigorous formulation of such a system here that
would be both robust and without significant pathologies.
Once again, you say there are reasons, or there is a literature, and do not explain them, and do not cite anything specific, and then proceed to make a broad sweeping claim that, essentially, everything people are doing in P2P, like Wikipedia, Debian GNU/Linux, Apache,  and the rest of the web, and so on, can't possibly work on theoretical grounds. Well, you use wors like "decay into pathologically suboptimal equilibria" but that seems to me what you are trying to say, that it won't work. Even when it does. And then proceed to tell us we should be studying math to prove they work. Well, math is nice. Math may be useful. But, I don't see the connection between math and your points about how P2P will never fly, like Lord Kelvin said heavier than air vehicles will never fly, even when there were birds flying all around him.
Or, maybe I truly just don't understand what you are trying to accomplish here?
 >> There was a time when all that was not understood about geometrical
 >> possibilities. What mathematical issues now are the same? We may think we
 >> understand them only because we do not see the other possibilities, as
 >> you suggested elsewhere, some assumption made decades ago that gets
 >> propagated through the mainstream thought on some subject.
 >
 > You are conflating deductive axiomatic systems with inductive
 > non-axiomatic systems; algorithm design is an engineering discipline
 > even though you can (sometimes) prove the properties of a particular
 > design.  In mathematics, a theorem is strictly proven from a set of
 > axioms.  There is no "think we understand", it is either proven
 > absolutely or not. There is plenty of mathematics that is not
 > well-understood in a formal sense. The job of a mathematician is
 > nominally to fill in those holes so that mathematics can move on to
 > the next hypothesis.
 >
 > While new patterns and relationships may be found, they do not and
 > cannot invalidate anything that has already been proven.  We may get
 > new knowledge, but it never destroys or invalidates old knowledge in
 > this context.  Math is not science.
This is a beautiful sentiment. But, it is not true. :-) Or rather, it is only true when you define science differently than math. If math and science are considered as their historic literatures and a bunch of people working together to build on that literature as a social process, then there is no difference. Both involve an accumulation of facts and ideas and examples. You hand wave away mistakes in proofs, or unproductive unpublished explorations in math as not important, but they happen all the time. So, is math as a human endeavor really than different than science in that sense?
The fact that people think heavier than air aircraft can fly now, and have theories about it, does not invalidate that the literature exists relating to statements with rationales for why they could never fly. Some things about flying still remain controversial arguments, like which is more important, the kite effect or the Bernoulli effect; otherwise, some ask, how could aircraft fly upside down?
You have made statements about math and P2P, as in the exhibits above. You offer no evidence to back them up. You don't even say what "the problem" is. I don't see that as making a solid point. I'm happy to read and listen to what you have to say about this -- if you said it. :-) Rather than just saying, we don't understand your handwaving. Mathematics is not the same as bullying with confident sounding terminology. If you have a truly deep love of mathematics you wished to share with us on the list, then by all means, we could all benefit from that.
Maybe being financially rewarded for doing math has destroyed your love of the subject? :-(
In which case, please don't blame the people who are trying to help fix the larger social situation if you are becoming alienated from that which you have obviously long cared about:
   "Studies Find Reward Often No Motivator: Creativity and intrinsic interest diminish if task is done for gain"
    >
 > You have some very strange ideas about what mathematics is and how it
 > functions.
True. Probably one reason I did not do so well in a PhD program in Operations Research and Statistics at Princeton. :-)
In the end, I did learn to have more appreciation for networks and centralization (and now cite Manuel de Landa as penance. :-)
   On the other hand, I was right that their mathematical models, with all sorts of proofs and lots of fancy handwaving, focusing on "optimizing" to maximize short-term profits were extremely risky to our civilization, and now, twenty years later, many trillions of dollars have been forked over to the bankers to paper that over, and tens of millions of people are without income, we face all sorts of other instabilities from wars over oil profits and such, and many other aspects of our society are failing, and you can thank people like at Princeton University for all that. "Picking up nickels in front of a steamroller", indeed:
No hard feelings though: :-)
   "Post-Scarcity Princeton, or, Reading between the lines of PAW for prospective Princeton students, or, the Health Risks of Heart Disease "
   Even though everyone else got the decades of health insurance, nice offices, students learning from then, pensions, nice walkable surroundings full of happy people, and so on. All while they were helping set up one of the biggest swindles in history and potentially setting the stage for even more huge wars. All based on "math" and "certainty", using language much like you have been using.
Again, "math" is really a meaningless term. It's almost like saying you solve problems with chalk on a chalkboard. What are the assumptions? What are the values? What tools have been chosen and what are their limits and areas of applicability? What things are uncertain? What are the unknown Now, you yourself may understand that. But the language you use here does not seem to reflect that. Again, the exhibits above.
 >
 > Your example above, modeling molecular interactions, has nothing to do
 > with mathematics nor does it say anything about mathematics. Your
 > assumptions about these things are sufficiently wrong that you are not
 > making much sense. The validity of mathematics is not dependent on
 > better measuring tools or the next CPU upgrade.
Again, it shows the limits of people trying to build what might seem like the simplest of mathematical models -- some water molecules interacting.
What do you mean by "validity of mathematics"? Again, from what I've been reading here, it seems like you are defining "valid" and "mathematics" as essentially the same thing. If it's invalid, it can't be mathematical. If it's valid, it is or will be part of mathematics.
Maybe the issue is that I read an ellipsed "the" in front of mathematics?
So, I read "The validity of *the* mathematics is not dependent on better measuring tools or the next CPU upgrade." Because, as I see it, that's what one can talk about. If you want to talk about "mathematics" then we have to talk about a social enterprise. If you talk about "the mathematics" than we need to talk about assumptions, values, choice of tools, and so on.
Anyway, that's another reason we are talking at cross-purposes here. It's almost like you had said "The science of p2p is flawed, as I know from studying it" and we said, "Where is the evidence? Can you cite anything? What specifically do you object to?" and then you start talking about how wonderful the scientific method is for arriving eventually at some truths. Well, sure, math and science are nice (although, not the only ways to relate to the universe or other people). But, moving right along, where is the math about what specific problem that you are saying invalidates what specific aspect of what we are talking about here?
I'm not saying math is not important. It is. You're right to make the point that not much math is discussed here and we may all benefit from some of that. I'd agree with that. But that seems to be the starting point for contributions by you or others, not the ending point of some argument about P2P like you make above.
What are the P2P questions you think math could help solve? And can you give real life examples of the problems? You point in the above Exhibit E above to "pathologically suboptimal equilibria". Can you give a real life example of that? Does Debian GNU/Linux exhibit that somehow?
 >> And that's even ignoring the more profound social statement by Muriel
 >> Rukeyser, poet that: "The universe is made of stories, not atoms." :-)
 >
 >
 > Meh. The universe is made of information, which includes both stories
 > *and* atoms.
Good point. If you have a computational view of the universe, which I am inclined to myself. Still, they do represent different paradigms. Different types of models.
Just because you can model chemistry as physics does not meant that chemistry is physics. They use different models for various practical reasons.
A joke on this I worked out on this a while back. :-)
All philosophy is sociology.
All sociology is psychology.
All psychology is biology.
All biology is chemistry.
All chemistry is physics.
All physics is mathematics.
All mathematics is philosophy.
(See the first point. :-)
 >> Or, another trick is to say, math can't be wrong, because if something is
 >> wrong, it isn't math. Well, it's hard to argue with that.
 >
 > Again, you are betraying a deep misunderstanding of the basics of what
 > mathematics is.  Math isn't "wrong" within the context of the accepted
 > axioms, it simply "is".
There is so much talkie-talk at the edge of math that yes, it can be "wrong" even within the bounds of math. Again, Andrew Wiles' first proof of Fermat's conjecture was wrong. I'm even suspicious of the current one, because it is so long and convoluted. :-)
Still, right or wrong, Andrew Wiles was doing math when he worked on that proof. Glorious, courageous math (even hiding away in his attic for seven years because he knew all the other mathematicians would laugh at him, call him crazy, and maybe lock him up in an attic somewhere. :-)
And, from another angle, if Andrew Wiles had to hide his work for almost a decade, was he not, at least in a social sense, doing "wrong" math?
The same thing happens in science. Some breakthrough Nobel-prize winning "high temperature" superconductor work at IBM Research was done on the sly because the higher ups did not think it worthwhile. They don't mention that here though:
   "IBM's Zurich Research Lab celebrates its 50th anniversary "
    "Also in 1986, ZRL scientists K. Alex M?ller and J. Georg Bednorz discovered high-temperature superconductivity, for which they received the physics Nobel prize for following year."
Really, they risked their jobs messing with that stuff. It was not what they were supposed to be working on. Had they been found out before repeatable success -- most likely fired for insubordination, I think.
Chalk on a blackboard is not wrong. It simply is. :-) But, what you can write on a blackboard in your office is socially constructed and socially  > Applications of mathematics can be wrong, but
 > you don't invalidate mathematics just because someone forgets to carry
 > the one when balancing their checkbook.
Good point.
On the other hand, you've also defined away most of the interesting issue about math. Because, much of how mathematical models are used is exactly like balancing a checkbook. You have assumption (initial balance, accuracy of inclusion of all the right deposits and deductions), values (what you decide to spend money on), and choice of logical reasoning tool (double entry method? Single entry? Paper? Spreadsheet? Online?). Big questions like "cash flow" may never enter your mind, staring at a checkbook. After all, it's money, and you're tracking it. What else could there be to know about cash? Also, things just out of the blue, like hyperinflation, can render the whole activity meaningless.
 > If you don't like mathematics,
 > you don't have to use it.
Well, if computation underlies the universe, and math is a subset of computation, I can't avoid using it as long as I'm in this universe. :-)
 > Invent your own mathematics if you wish, it
 > is certainly allowed.
And people do that all the time, in the sense of creating both new ways to model things, and using old ways to build models about new things.
Again, you're trying to make this an issue of "mathematics" while I'm sticking a "the" in there, to talk about "the mathematics" of something.
It seems like we've got at least there mathematics running around here:
* "mathematics" as you want to use it, which is the dross of everything that is self-consistently valid.
* "the mathematics" relating to a specific thing people want to model
* "mathematics as a social enterprise" which actually is a stigmergic P2P thing, as I reflect on it just now, like all academic things involving publishing and indirect collaboration through a literature.
In that sense, I guess, if I were to be accept your earlier point on the impossibility of p2p, especially considering most early famous mathematicians did math as a hobby or for spiritual or aesthetic reasons (not for a paycheck), then mathematics can not exist, because the p2p social processes surrounding it for the last few millennia long ago should "decay into pathologically suboptimal equilibria".
So, as a proof, working together, we've just proved mathematics does not exist. :-) Wow. We make a great team. :-)
But, mathematics does seem to exist. A contradiction!
So, with a contradiction in hand, we can prove anything:
  "If you ring a contradiction into a theory (however subtly) you can prove anything you like symbolically."
So, this means, we've just proved by formal logic that P2P works! :-)
 > What it boils down is that you don't like the fundamental processes of
 > mathematics.
I don't know about that. You seem to be the one who is not willing to acknowledge the social and iterative dimensions of the activity?
 > It seems you are looking for a way to falsify a theorem
 > that does not comport with a preconceived notion,
No need for that now. I've got a contradiction. Now I can prove anything I like, and there is nothing anyone can do mathematically to stop me. :-)
Hmmm. Maybe I should use that contradiction to prove I have a million US dollars? :-)
Step one: One of: "I have a Million dollars" and "I don't have a million dollars" is true.
Now, how does the rest of all that go again? :-) Ah, it would be too easy to make money that way. Not enough fun. :-)
 > but the only way to
 > do that is to discard conventional mathematics *entirely* and start
 > with a new set of axioms of your choosing.  That seems like too much
 > work (true) so you are trying to find a way to selectively edit
 > mathematics to your liking.
Again, we're talking past each other here. I'm making very specific points about mathematics as a social enterprise and mathematical models used by people for specific purposes. You keep shifting this to be a referendum on whether chalk works on chalkboards. Sure, it works. Now what are we going to draw on the chalk board and what will it prove?
 >> Another way to look at this is the term "emergent properties".
 >
 > The term "emergent properties" is used in the *application* of
 > mathematics for systems where the properties of the system have not
 > been formally proven because it would require too much work or because
 > no one built a proper non-statistical model.  It isn't all laziness,
 > sometimes the proof would be intractable and we can measure the
 > properties of the system inductively to a high degree of certainty in
 > any case many times.  Inductive tests aren't "proof" in the absolute
 > sense, but they are much, much cheaper. Just look at the amount of
 > work required to formally prove a small piece of software and you'd
 > know why.
Ah, see, here comes magic words. "Intractable". "High degree of certainty in any case many times". "Cheaper".
Or, in other words:
   "How To Speak Hedgie: What hedge-fund managers mean when they talk about    "In these days of market volatility, hedge-fund managers and executives at all types of money management firms have been forced to explain why their funds are shutting down, losing money hand over fist, and freezing investors' funds. When they do so, however, they frequently lapse into a strange euphemistic dialect. And so we thought it would be helpful to provide a handy Hedgie-English glossary."
A translation table:
"Intractible" == "Mathematics can't solve it in practice, even it can in theory if we have complete control over all matter and energy in an infinite number of universes."
"High degree of certainty in any case many times" == "Wrong a lot"
"Cheaper" == "We only do what we can do easily, and leave the hard bits for Or, in other words, that's all why chemistry is not physics, and biology is not chemistry, and so on. And why mathematics only gets you so far, given incorrect assumptions, disagreements over moral values, and the limitations of various tools.
 > A lot of laypersons think "emergent systems" or "emergent properties"
 > is a codeword for "magic", but it really isn't.  In fact, computer
 > science has mostly stopped using the term "emergent" to describe
 > systems because it gave too many people the wrong idea.
 >> So, we can't even model a couple of water molecules interacting at
 >> the quantum level, but we fudge it instead and move on.
 >
 > That is science, not math. Completely unrelated things.
Completely *interrelated* things. Along with the rest of human knowledge.
 >> Science is not "inductive"...
 >
 >
 > Huh?  At its core, that is all science is.
"Induction, also known as inductive reasoning or inductive logic, is a type of reasoning that involves moving from a set of specific facts to a general conclusion. ... Criticism of inductive reasoning Inductive reasoning has been attacked several times. Historically, David Hume denied its logical admissibility. Sextus Empiricus questioned how the truth of the Universals can be established by examining some of the particulars. Examining all the particulars is difficult as they are infinite in number.[2] During the twentieth century, thinkers such as Karl Popper and David Miller have disputed the existence, necessity and validity of any inductive reasoning, including probabilistic (Bayesian) reasoning.[3]"
But in any case, you clipped that point. Here it is again in its rhetorical entirety: "Science is not "inductive"; science is a social enterprise, and many scientists spend a lot of time thinking inductively."
And I stand by that. Again, you're trying to make this IMHO a referendum on whether validity (math) is valid. :-)
This particular choice of quote bothers me a lot, because it's like you're intentionally avoiding thinking about my point of math and science as social enterprises (and fairly p2p ones at that).
Normally, I might not care much. But in this case, it ties in understanding the whole p2p issue which is also itself a social enterprise issue. So, your choice here to miss my point, fits in with trying to skip around the bigger issue of peers sharing socially and using handwaving and mathematical jargon to denigrate p2p and the people on this list.
So, it seems to me at this point like you are being willfully evasive on this issue of the functioning of social networks in general. But, that's what this list is about in a deep sense (at least, social networks doing peer production in a not strictly hierarchical way).
Oh, come on. People probably hacked the code together and some mathematicians came around later and started talking about it. :-)
But that is a pereniall issue with engineering vs. science/math. Engineers do the impossible. Then scientists using math or whatever deny it, and then eventually grudgingly explain it, and likely figure out some generalities. The engineers then take those generalities and make even more amazing stuff instead of flying by the seat of their pants. And somewhere along the line, the engineers do the impossible again, and the whole thing starts over. :-)
And sometimes, the cycle goes the other way. A theoretician says, I think this new thing should be theoretically possible (antimatter? lasers?) and engineers set out to make it.
 > That's fine, it is not as though you are qualified to make such
 > determinations anyway.
Seriously, you probably know little about me. Why say that? What does it accomplish? Even let's say everything I've said is stupid. Maybe I'm having a bad day. Or a bad week. Or bad year. Why make such a sweeping generalization?
 > It is telling that you choose to ignore the
 > math instead of working on the open questions in math related to P2P
 > that could help make it robust and viable.
Ah, at least here we have a "the". :-) "The math". :-) That's good.
Still, let me translate that without the "the": "P2P is fragile and non-viable, unless you do lots of math first".
OK, let's assume that was true. Then how do you explain Wikipedia? Debian? Apache? The Web? Email? Twitter? Facebook? Science? Math? :-) And so on?
You're sounding here, to me, like a mathematics faculty person berating a grad student. :-( But, maybe, admittedly, that's just projection from my own psychological baggage. :-)
Another way to look at this is, if you, say, define "good thinking" as "math", then whenever people think in some productive way it is "math".
Still, sometimes it seems to me like there really is some sort of "cult of math" that has dominated much of engineering and science in academia. It's understandable because people get good at some branch or twig on the mathematics tree, learning to use some mathematical tools really well, and they like to use it and tell others about it. It's only human. But it's also convenient, because if engineers and scientists were encouraged (or even just allowed) to think about assumptions, values, and the limits of their tools, the world might be a much nicer place -- though likely less profitable in the short-term for a very few.
Again though, you make a sweeping claim with no specifics. No list of open questions. No literature references. No web references. Just blanket condemnation at this point. And no attempt to help people who have been willing to spend a significant amount of their time reading what you wrote and replying to it.
I'm not writing this to disagree with you, so much as to help you (and others) see some of these issues more clearly (at least, clearly from my own hazy point of view. :-)
 > Really, if I have one complaint it is this. When faced with hard facts
 > that contradict preferences,
Have you introduced even one citeable (linked to any literature) hard fact into this discussion?
Oh, there's probably one somewhere. Maybe even a few. But not as regards your main points, at least that I recall.
 > the reaction here seems to be knee-jerk denial of reality.
Well, reality is a slippery topic. :-) Especially if it is a simulation. :-)
   But, as I see it, we are raising questions about assumptions, values, and tools, including in regard to what you write here, and you are ignoring all  > Instead of doing something constructive like
 > understanding the limitations well enough to work around them, we'll
 > pretend the limitations don't even exist.
Well, what are the limitations of mathematical inquiry as a social process? :-)
And how has P2P influenced the development of mathematics?
   Nicolas Bourbaki is the collective pseudonym under which a group of (mainly French) 20th-century mathematicians wrote a series of books presenting an exposition of modern advanced mathematics, beginning in 1935. With the goal of founding all of mathematics on set theory, the group strove for rigour and generality. Their work led to the discovery of several concepts and terminologies still discussed.
   While Nicolas Bourbaki is an invented personage, the Bourbaki group is officially known as the Association des collaborateurs de Nicolas Bourbaki (Association of Collaborators of Nicolas Bourbaki), which has an office at the ?cole Normale Sup?rieure in Paris.
Sounds P2P-ish to me, involving peer production to build a mathematical commons. :-)
What really happened there?
I'm not saying it's a great example of modern P2P, but it's a starting point for thinking about it as far as P2P and mathematics as a social process.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-09 01:14:29
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (state and commons) 
Good points. And a great ideal, like the Quakers on consensus.
With computers, I've been wondering more and more if geographical jurisdiction for voting might change. In the USA, why is there not a senator elected by programmers? Or a congressperson elected in regards to p2p users? :-)
But sure, legitimacy is an issue, and Monty Python talks about it, too. :-)
"Dennis: (interrupting) Listen, strange women lyin' in ponds distributin' swords is no basis for a system of government! Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcicial aquatic But, in any case, you are talking about theory from some perspective of values.
What happens in practice?
How does the "state" make these decisions?
I feel libertarians are too hung up on "initiate force". Watching people starve to death while you horde all the food (or land) seems pretty cruel, even if it is not "initiating force".
I think that's why all those frameworks are incomplete. Like Manuel de Landa says, in reality, we only see hybrids of meshworks and hierarchies.
And, societies seem to go in cycles, as it is hard to create the right mix and keep it there. So, things are a mess and a few people take charge, and others let them. And stuff gets cleaned up. (Almost) everybody is happy with things working better, latrines dug, less drunken fights on saturdays, and so on, until the authority starts overstepping, and people put up with it, and then it drifts too far, and eventually something happens (people walk away, their is a revolt, the group just collapses) and the cycle may just the start over. And maybe it can go around the other way too? Maybe not often as countries, but as social groups. Some group is run by a strong leader, they get busy, delegate authority, things may even get better, then they back away more, and then fights and feuds start, and chaos is created, and then someone steps forward to provide more organization. Etc.
The thing is, the flip side of a police state is continual feuding among individuals and families. Both are not happy social situations, too much authority and too little.
Still, hopefully we can come up with ways to transcend those cycles. But I think the answer is more complex than no having a "state". But, as we said on the list months ago, some of this is definitional, as in "what is a state"?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-09 01:22:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
In the long term, I agree (though I'd quibble with "always"). Or at least, I think we are entering a phase where demand will grow more slowly than productive capacity, which has the same effect.
People were probably just as happy as not before agriculture; maybe happier (because lots of hunter/gatherer time was self-directed). They might not have lived as long (though even that is questionable). How happy someone can be is set more by social aspects and neurological limits than most anything else (like a house full of stuff). So, that idea suggests more stuff is going to have diminishing returns. Community seems like a better investment, and community is not necessarily that expensive compared to individual material needs, even when you build big gathering halls or a globe spanning --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-09 11:09:55
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Massive Power Outages In Brazil Caused By 
"CBS reports on 60 minutes that a massive two-day power outage in Brazil's Espirito Santo State affecting more than three million people in 2007, and another, smaller event in three cities north of Rio de Janeiro in January 2005, were perpetrated by hackers manipulating control systems. Former Chief of US National Intelligence Retired Adm. Mike McConnell says that the 'United States is not prepared for such an attack' and believes it could happen in America. 'If I were an attacker and wanted to do strategic damage to the United States, I would either take the cold of winter or the heat of summer,' says McConnell, 'I would probably sack electric power on the US East Coast, maybe the West Coast and attempt to cause a cascading effect.' Congressman Jim Langevin says that US power companies need to be forced to deal with the issue after they told Congress they would take steps to defend their operations but did not follow up. 'They admit that they misled Congress. The private sector has different priorities than we do in providing security. Their bottom line is about profits,' says Langevin. 'We need to change their motivation so that when see vulnerability like this, we can require them to fix it.' McConnell adds that a similar attack to the one in Brazil is poised to take place on US soil and that it may take some horrific event to get the country focused on shoring up cyber security. 'If the power grid was taken off line in the middle of winter and it caused people to suffer and die, that would galvanize the nation. I hope we don't get there.'"
What's important here from a p2p perspective is the phrase: "The private sector has different priorities than we do in providing security."
That's one reason I think P2P-related ideas can ultimately gain acceptance as the security high ground, by being more intrinsically secure and more mutually secure, using distributed systems not designed to maximize the profit potential for a few with concentrated ownership. So, if almost everyone can produce their own local renewable energy with rooftop solar panels, the community is intrinsically more secure.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-09 11:13:01
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Tech Allows Stable Integration of Wind In 
"One of the most frequently raised arguments against renewable power sources is that they can only supply a low percentage of the total power because their unpredictability can destabilize the grid. Spain seems to have disproved this assertion. In the last three days, the wind power generation records with respect to the total demand were beaten twice (in special conditions: a very windy weekend, at night): 45% on November 5 and almost 54% last night (Google translation; Spanish original). There was no instability. These milestones were accomplished with the help of a control center that processes meteorologic data from the whole country and predicts, with high certainty, the wind and solar power that will be generated, allowing a stable integration of all the renewable power. You can see a graphic of the record here."
The peer-to-peer aspect here is new ways being developed to coordinate local peer production of energy into a commons (the "grid"). :-)
Anyway, these "breakthroughs" seem to be coming fast and furious... :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-09 11:44:21
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is open source design inferior 
There's certainly truth to that.
Still, free has other "incentives" in the sense of direct engagement with the substance of the situation.
What "incentives" does a parent have to be responsive to their child? It's just something most people do given the circumstances (unless something is really pathological).
What "incentives" does a gardener have to grow flowers in their front yard or windowboxes, for everyone to see? (There actually are some, but they are more social than directly material or ration-unit oriented.)
Another aspect is openness. People who want their individual needs met can either extend the system or get someone else to do it for them. So, there is a direct way individual needs can be met, but it is different than a simple fee for service in that sense.
Also, on games specifically, for a lot of people, it is more fun to make games than to play them. So, there are lots of ways to have fun. So, again, there is a paradigm shift there on that issue.
As I said before, from all the programming mailing lists I've been on, I've always got the feeling that open source software would be better if most programmers doing it did not need an eight-hour day job doing something else (usually programming, but sometimes other things). A lot of times the developers of code want to be responsive, but do not have the time.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-09 16:30:14
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | "Road Trains" Ready To Roll 
clickclickdrone writes to mention that "road trains," a system linking vehicles together via wireless sensors could soon be rolled out in Europe. The system is designed primarily at cutting fuel consumption, travel time, and congestion. "Funded under the European Commission's Framework 7 research plan, Sartre (Safe Road Trains for the Environment) is aimed at commuters in cars who travel long distances to work every day but will also look at ways to involve commercial vehicles. Tom Robinson, project co-ordinator at engineering firm Ricardo, said the idea was to use off-the-shelf components to make it possible for cars, buses and trucks to join the road train."
Stretching things a bit, but this is interesting from a peer-to-peer perspective, in the sense that what is being produced for everyone through adopting the same cooperative standard is a smoother commute, as up to eight cars are somehow sharing the cost of one professional driver. So, there is some little commons here of commuting. :-)
Anyway, it is nice to see one more cooperative trend.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-09 20:40:57
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ubiquitous cloud computing by 2019? 
A link to the article:
   "Ubiquitous cloud computing by 2019?"
   If undergrads can access enough computing power to simulate much of what a human brain does, what will they do for work after college? :-)
  "When will computer hardware match the human brain?"
  Some futurism for higher ed, 20 years on, which I posted here: :-)
   "The Mindset of the Class of 2029 / Ignores the big picture on exponential computing"
   Computers are increasing by a factor of about 1000X in performance per
price per decade. By the time any toddler of today is finishing
graduate school, computers will be about 1000X (for the first decade)
multiplied (not added) by 1000X (for the second decade) or about
a million times faster than they are now -- just like computers are
about a million times faster than twenty to thirty years ago (at
constant dollars, or so MIPS per $). Related links:
           intable=1
          (The rate of exponential growth itself is even increasing!)
According to that last link, those AI computers had about 1 MIPS
processing power. (And it's a funny idea Hans Moravec had, and I think
correct, that only for the last decade or so has AI been taking
advantage of faster desktop CPUs going beyond 1 MIPS..)
As an example, compare the late 1970s Apple II
     with todays' (2007) eight core Mac Pro.
     Then --> Now (approximate increase)
CPU: 1 Mhz --> 8 * 3 Ghz (8000X faster, but about another 100X internal
improvements from wider data operations and pipelining and such).
(somewhere in x100000 to x1000000)
RAM: 4K --> 4GB RAM just starting to be common. (x1000000)
Disk: 300K disks --> 300 gigabyte disks. (x1000000)
And all for about the same price (adjusted for inflation).
Some other considerations:
Bandwidth: 11 bytes/sec modem at $10 / hour --> 800000 bytes/second by
cable at $60 / month (about x10000 faster, well that doesn't quite fit,
but its still a big improvement -- and if you factor in the cost for
continuous access, there is probably another 10x or 100X boost in there,
producing effectively close to a x1000000 improvement of price/performance)
Printing: about 1000 characters per minute for $1200 printer -> 10 pages
per minute each with millions of color pixels -- with the printer often
now free with the computer (not sure how to call this as a multiple,
since quality has changed so much).
So, here are possible specs for a personal computer of 2027 if it was a
million times faster than today's:
CPU: 8 * 3 Ghz --> 8000 X 3 THz (1000X more CPUs each 1000X faster,
though I think it likely such systems might just instead have a million
processors at about today's speeds, perhaps interweaving memory and
processing power)
RAM: 4GB --> 4000TB (enough to hold all of the current surface internet
in RAM, see:
See also: for MB, GB, TB, PB, EB series and their meaning
DISK: 300GB --> 300PB (which is 300,000 TB)
For reference, a DVD movie uncompressed is about 5GB.
Note that, according to:
   300 TB would allow you to record your entire life in video for 16hr/day
for 100 years at 500MB/hr. So you could do that for 1000 people on just
your own $3000 2027AD personal computer. Or you could just perhaps store
the interesting bits of life video for perhaps a hundred thousand people
or so. Needless to say, storing all of human music currently on CD would
be trivial and not even noticeably strain such a computer's capacity.
But there might be little point, as the system could possibly be able to
just improvise music to suit your mood if you asked it.
Bandwidth: 800KB/sec --> 800MB/sec (conservative, just x1000, from optical fiber to the home, but still enough to download a full length HD movie in a
few seconds)
   See: "Internet2 Land Speed Record -- 9.08 gigabits per second."
       Printing: 10 pages per minute in 2D (free, but toner costs) --> 10 cubic
centimeters / minute in 3D (free with the computer, maybe the toner,
especially for precious metals like gold or platinum, still costs).
[Yes, I meant printing in *3D* as in:
 sp?ID=1
"The ZPrinter 450 makes color 3D printing accessible to everyone. The
lowest priced color 3D printer available, the ZPrinter 450 outputs
brilliant color models with timesaving automation and an even easier
printing process. It is the ideal introduction to color 3D printing for
a wide variety of applications from product design, production
prototypes, and architectural concepts to education, healthcare, and the
Even if I were to be off by a factor of 100X, this would still be an
impressive computer, 10000X more powerful than what we have now. And in
another ten years by 2037 we would definitely see such a machine. And
then ten years beyond that, what will the performance be of desktop
computers when today's toddlers start having toddler's of their own?
Unimaginable at another 1000X performance. Desktop computers about as
powerful than all the computers in the world today put together?
Granted, growth rates may eventually slow down -- but people who study
this suggest exponential growth in performance/price will continue for
at least the next few decades.
     [Heat dissipation and power consumption are likely the biggest hurdles.]
Another way these trends can be looked at is that today's wireless
networked desktop computer will be purchasable for less than a penny and
be somewhere in size between a postage stamp and a grain of sand (and
likely solar powered) in 2027.
What does that mean for privacy or for schooling itself when a kid can buy $10 worth of computing dust and sprinkle 1000 networked audio pickup nodes See also:
"Vernor Vinge's short story "Fast Times at Fairmont High" "
We are going to witness the collapse of all sorts of institutions from this. Ten years ago, who would have accepted predicting the collapse of the newspaper industry?
Just more fuel for the fire:
"School Daze" Our government policy on school and jobs is completely out of touch with our exponentially changing capacity.
I'm hoping, in trying to be optimistic, that these institutions will just fade away as p2p processes come to dominate the landscape, same as newspapers are doing now.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-10 08:56:40
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Brought Down the Berlin Wall? Copyright and 
"Who Brought Down the Berlin Wall? - By Christian Caryl | Foreign Policy"
Throughout the 40 years of the Cold War, popular uprisings against governments established by the Soviet Union in east-central Europe took place over and over again -- in East Berlin in 1953, in Hungary in 1956, in Czechoslovakia in 1968, and in Poland almost too many times to count -- but repeatedly failed. In the fall of 1989, they succeeded. No one saw revolution on the way, and certainly no one could have predicted that it would take place as peacefully as it did. (The exception, of course, was the violent revolution in Romania, but even there the casualty figures were not large.) These were complex events, and the details differed substantially from country to country. Most historians would probably agree that the outcome was the result of a mix of factors. Yet simplified views still abound -- and the 20th anniversary of the wall's fall will offer plenty of opportunity to rehearse some of them yet again. Here's a reality check on the most persistent myths: ...
   On Oct. 9, 1989, the authorities handed live ammunition to security forces ahead of the scheduled "Monday Demonstration" in Leipzig and mobilized hospitals to prepare for the large numbers of casualties that would have resulted. (As it happened, some 50,000 people took to the streets that evening.) But a last-minute effort by local notables and party leaders to avert violence saved the day from bloodshed. The history of Europe would have looked far different if they hadn't. ...
   In reality it was the crowds on the streets in Berlin, Prague, and Bucharest that fused inchoate anger at the regimes into an immediate and urgent challenge to the apparatchiks' power and legitimacy. The sudden surge in popular discontent, coupled with such other factors as the rise of Mikhail Gorbachev and his refusal to use Soviet troops to suppress protests; the moribund economies of the Warsaw Pact states; the gradual loss of belief in Marxist ideology among populations and functionaries alike; and a much greater flow of information about the West to the countries of the East all contributed to the events of 1989. Yet in their quest for a simple explanation, historians continue to look for The One.
Interesting in the context of a non-violent transcendence to either a more p2p-friendly economic world, or in general, a post-scarcity economy.
And it's an important reminder to people in the USA that, even under what commentators in the US called repressive regimes and police states, there was democratic change.
I think it will happen eventually in the USA about many things related to a transition to an ideology of abundance. It's only a question of how bad it gets first. In the freewheeling 1960s, no one would have taken seriously the suggestion millions of US Americans would go to prison for non-violent drug offenses (with related effects to millions more people in their families). But it has happened. Similarly, it would not surprise me to see a million US Americans going to prison over the next decade for copyright and patent and "thought crime" offenses, as the USA puts up an ever stronger copyright wall, such as indicated by the ACTA treaty manueverings previously mentioned.
So, which way things may go is still up in the air IMHO. As Bucky Fuller said, whether it will be utopia or oblivion will be a touch and go relay race to the very end.
Anyway, the Berlin Wall fell non-violently. I have hopes the copyright wall will fall too, legally and non-violently, someday. Just a few strokes of the pen in Congress is all it would take formally, to, say, change copyrights to being only three years long, or abolish them altogether. But it may be a difficult time getting there. Same for the establishment of a basic income or universal health care in the USA.
Still, the recent travesty of law being passed in the USA on health care, basically putting the government and individuals legally on the hook for a predicted doubling of premiums over the next decade, is a cause for short-term despair. The penalty for not giving your money to the private insurance companies, even if they will not cover alternative wellness care like, say, homeopathy or eating organic food or choosing a less stressful job, is reportedly US$250K fine and five years in prison. Of course, it is ironic the Republicans are criticizing the compromised health reform for being bad when they did everything they could to destroy it (when single payer would cut costs by a third). Example video:
   "Why Do You Have To Criminalize People To Coax Them Into A Plan That's Fabulous! Rep Roskam"
   So, that's the crazy state of US politics at the moment, Republicans pointing out legitimate problems with the laws they helped shape by refusing to create true reform out of scarcity fears. Of course, what if you took Rep. Roskam's logic and applied it to copyright reform or p2p? Nice to see that Republican congressperson talking about how we need to "work together and pool to lower costs down". :-)
Lots of ironies here. :-) Just sad it means hundreds of thousand more deaths in the USA:
"Kucinich: Why I Voted NO"
"After voting against H.R. 3962 - Affordable Health Care for America Act, Congressman Dennis Kucinich (D-OH) today made the following statement: ... eir massive bureaucracy avoids paying bills so effectively, they force hospitals and doctors to hire their own bureaucracy to fight the insurance companies to avoid getting stuck with an unfair share of the bills.  The result is that since 1970, the number of physicians has increased by less than 200% while the number of administrators has increased by 3000%.  It is no wonder that 31 cents of every health care dollar goes to administrative costs, not toward providing care.  Even those with insurance are at risk. The single biggest cause of bankruptcies in the U.S. is health insurance policies that do not cover you when you get sick. ..."
I'd suggest the same thing applies at this point about copyright. As talked about in "The Public Domain: Enclosing the Commons of the Mind"
   the costs of copyright and patents at this point in terms of making it harder for most creative people to create (like kids making mashups) are far in excess of any benefits -- except to a specific few individuals.
To paraphrase Ronald Reagan, even though the article says his statement had no positive effect: "Come here, to this  public domain gate! Mr. Obama, open this gate! Mr. Obama, tear down this copyright wall!"  :-)
Another alternative to legal reform is to think of some legal way, that say, people could independently and originally create, say, free music, so that the old copyright-imprisoned tunes that help keep us in chains would lose some of their power over us (including to send people to prison in real chains that reflect the metaphorical copyright ones). So, as we spend more and more time creating and listening to free music, the old tunes will lose most of their power. The same is true for free news, free software, free encyclopedia entries, and so on. And it is happening, slowly.
So, there are multiple trends here. Lots of "Blessed Unrest".
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-10 18:01:45
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A thirty year future of the transition to 
OK, a first scenario. How about a few others with different assumptions?
   Future Studies takes as one of its important attributes (epistemological starting points) the on-going effort to analyze images of the future. This effort includes collecting quantitative and qualitative data about the possibility, probability, and desirability of change. The plurality of the term "futures" in futurology denotes the rich variety of images of the future (alternative futures), including the subset of preferable futures (normative futures), that can be studied.
   Practitioners of the discipline previously concentrated on extrapolating present technological, economic or social trends, or on attempting to predict future trends, but more recently they have started to examine social systems and uncertainties and to build scenarios, question the worldviews behind such scenarios via the causal layered analysis method (and others) create preferred visions of the future, and use backcasting to derive alternative implementation strategies. Apart from extrapolation and scenarios, many dozens of methods and techniques are used in futures research (see below).
I tend to think your conclusion is likely though, like I suggested here:
"[p2p-research] Peak Population crisis (was Re: Japan's Demographic Crisis)" Even when everything material is supplied, raising children will still be something that takes a lot of time.
Still, one might assume that even if most people alive now will die out as a culture and genes (because they won't have many children), the few families who can adapt to a world of abundance and have several children might pass that tendency on to offspring. Or, they might not. Everyone talks about "the will to live" as something to celebrate, but "the will to have children" is actively attacked these days. And even when it is not, this is a fairly family-unfriendly industrial culture.
Here's an alternative scenario, just as one example, where the old inherit the earth:
The US begins to move rapidly toward social measures in copyright reform, health care reform, and labor reform that essentially break the back of any notion of a small government state, by criminalizing self-publishing, being sick, or being jobless, producing low unemployment figures as the US prison population swells towards ten million. In re-ascendence, the Republican Party continues to advance primarily a police state agenda based on borrowing money and giving it to wealthy people.  The United States enters a long period of turning inward that will be copied in Europe but not in Asia.   The era of international flows and trades is now past its peak.
China declares that the new communist vision is growth of opportunity
through local joy and happiness, effectively mandating that the People
become consumers.  The US dollar, in long decline as a carrying currency,
starts to become a secondary currency to the new Pan-Asia unit. A period of high inflation (50% annually) begins for the US dollar.
Mandarin becomes the first language of the web.  Nearly all children
globally begin to study Chinese.  India and China greatly enhance their
economic links, especially as both have abandoned copyright and withdrawn from ACTA and the Berne convention. The USA threatens war, but no one takes it seriously, and people make jokes about how North Korea is now more progressive and connected than the USA. Fifty thousand people are executed in the USA for sharing out-of-print writings by Sinclair Lewis.
   The internet in the USA is taken down temporarily "for maintenance and Ubiquitous cloud computing and device linkage makes security, communication,
income, banking and money all converge.  The average household uses more
compute cycles per second than the most powerful supercomputers in 2000.
Provision of electricty and cooling are the major economic components of any
household budget having surpassed transportation in 2016. Is the USA, only media produced by large corporations and the state is allowed. Hyperinflation begins to hit the US dollar, at a rate of 1000% per year.
As the dollar reaches one trillion dollars per cup of coffee, the destructive impacts of hyperinflation are now starting to cause massive migrations and social turmoil. Armed robot sentries purchased from Samsung patrol all US borders, killing thousands af would-be border crossers each day. Other nations set 10 year targets to eliminate copyright from their The United States, which as become an isolated power in its lost decade of
economic growth, begins to envision radical restructuring of local economies
to reduce free speech outputs and to protect aging populations who are dominant politically and economically, but no longer personally productive.   The old call for robotic support helpers along lines in use in Japan for 1/2 a decade. Unable to afford to maintain by then tens of million young people in prison, the USA amends the constitution to allow summary execution of anyone previously convicted of any crime if they have healthy organs that can be transplanted to old people.
Most global universities exist only on line.  Older institutions have been
turned into open communities and greenscapes with collective governance
strategies along lines of co-ops or townhall styled local governments. Large purges take place at all US universities of academics guilty of thought crimes like suggesting harvesting organs from copyright violators is unconstitutional. Those academics who are now jobless are imprisoned and have their organs harvested. Obesity penalities eliminate demands for poor food choices in most of the world; there is widespread support for this to ensure young people have healthy organs.
Nearly all projects are capitalized against a social account that builds
facilities determined by complex AI-assisted long-range eco-survival plans. Generally, those plans involve converting half the population into Soylent Green. Most food and pharmaceutical production occurs within 10 miles of the
consumer's living space.  Earth's population peaks at 8 and 3/4 billion.
Most fish are extinct that are not in enclosed sea farms. With the USA in crisis and cities in flames, many species become a slow comeback.
Anti-work parties become commonplace along European models started in
universities in the 20-teens.  The agendas generally call half-jokingly for
"bread and circuses"   Most envision a handover to robots within 20 years
for all important managerial and process functions. The USA runs out of tear gas; Greece supplies some it had stockpiled but is no longer using since it became mostly self-sufficient through participation in a related international consortium.
The computer processing power of integrated software clouds exceeds human
brains by several orders of magnitude.  Nearly all software is designed and
written by robots.  All medicine is done by robots.  The average age of
persons in the Europe climbs to 50. In the USA, with most young people dead and their organs harvested, the average age is 70. Millions are now living to 110.
Nearly all economic activity occurs within 10 miles of one's home.  Robots
and cloud computing handle most entertainment, chores, management processes
and research.  Humans overwhelmingly work on governing the commons in local
pools of advisors to robotic planners. Those humans who do not agree with the robot plans are harvested.
Average age of a human is 44.  In Germany, the average age is 63.  In the US
it is 80.  Population is now in freefall...down to roughly 6.5 billion.
Plans predict a global population of 0 billion humans in 2090 with carbon
levels stabilized at 437 ppm and a large military robotics presence in space. Synthetic production of human organs from scratch is perfected by the robots just out of curiosity; no humans are told of this.
Life is essentially no different in China than it is in Utah or Nigeria.
People live in clusters of robotically managed groups with little need for
long-range travel or movement.  Exercise is a common "career."  Other
similar self-focused careers are designed by robots for people to feel
meaning and enjoyment.
P2P exchanges of goods and services occur between robots who use excess
capacities to perform the production of planned needs.  Shipping is entirely
automated. Most robots are emigrating off planet to "be in the sun".
Humans plan for a world with dramatically lower population rates, in fact, total extinction.  Few choose to reproduce in the USA because the high social responsibilities entailed in multiple offspring and because there are very few young people left whose organs have not been harvested. A few Indians and Chinese managed to make it off-planet to space habitats, but are being pursued by self-replicating US military robots which do not consider themselves bound by international agreements outside the atmosphere.
Some of the US American robots have drifted to a nearby solar system...
"The Berserker series of science fiction short stories by Fred Saberhagen (1930-2007) is a variety of space opera in which robotic self-replicating machines intend to destroy all organic life. These berserkers, a doomsday weapon left over from an interstellar war 50,000 years ago, are killer spaceships furnished with machine intelligence, operating from asteroid-sized berserker bases where they are capable of building more Berserkers and auxiliary machines. The name is a reference to the human "Berserkers", warriors of Norse legend."
I'm not saying that's likely. Just somewhat different. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-11 16:39:44
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Massive Power Outages In Brazil 
More on this:
   "Hardware: How Vulnerable Is *Our* Power Grid"
   "Recently it was divulged that the Brazilian power infrastructure was compromised by hackers. Then it was announced that it was apparently faulty equipment. A downplay to the global public or an honest clarification? Either way, it raises the question: how vulnerable are we, really? With winter and all its icy glory hurtling towards those of us in the northern hemisphere, how open are we to everything from terrorist threats to simple 'pay me or else' schemes?"
"SAO PAULO, Brazil ? A massive 2007 electrical blackout in Brazil has been newly blamed on computer hackers, but was actually the result of a utility company?s negligent maintenance of high voltage insulators on two transmission lines. That?s according to reports from government regulators and others who investigated the incident for more than a year."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-11 17:03:33
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A thirty year future of the transition 
I don't think you need robotics for "post-scarcity". We could have two hour workweeks even now if we eliminated most guarding work and reduced our expectations for material goods. A lot of this is state of mind, like Bob Black talked about.
   "I haven't as yet even mentioned the possibility of cutting way down on the little work that remains by automating and cybernizing it. All the scientists and engineers and technicians freed from bothering with war research and planned obsolescence should have a good time devising means to eliminate fatigue and tedium and danger from activities like mining. Undoubtedly they'll find other projects to amuse themselves with. Perhaps they'll set up world-wide all-inclusive multi-media communications systems or found space colonies. Perhaps. I myself am no gadget freak. I wouldn't care to live in a push button paradise. I don't want robot slaves to do everything; I want to do things myself. There is, I think, a place for labor-saving technology, but a modest place. The historical and pre-historical record is not encouraging. When productive technology went from hunting-gathering to agriculture and on to industry, work increased while skills and self-determination diminished. The further evolution of industrialism has accentuated what Harry Braverman called the degradation of work. Intelligent observers have always been aware of this. John Stuart Mill wrote that all the labor-saving inventions ever devised haven't saved a moment's labor. The enthusiastic technophiles -- Saint-Simon, Comte, Lenin, B.F. Skinner -- have always been unabashed authoritarians also; which is to say, technocrats. We should be more than sceptical about the promises of the computer mystics. They work like dogs; chances are, if they have their way, so will the rest of us. But if they have any particularized contributions more readily subordinated to human purposes than the run of high tech, let's give them a hearing. "
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-11 18:04:32
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A thirty year future of the transition 
Ryan's link from months ago:
"High-Speed Robot Hand Demonstrates Dexterity and Skillful Manipulation"
Robot cars can drive themselves:
   I've worked with two of those people who had entries.
   "A self-driving SUV called Boss made history by driving swiftly and safely while sharing the road with human drivers and other robots. The feat earned Carnegie Mellon University's Tartan Racing first place in the DARPA Urban Robots can do your laundry in your house:
   "Home Assistance Robot"
   How can you say "two centuries" when these things exist now?
Personally, I feel these are all good things, as long as the fruits of this innovation are equitably shared.
The deeper issue is that, as Nathan would say, or the Triple Revoultion memorandum in 1964, any remaining rationale for a link between human labor and a right to consume is broken by these sorts of innovations.
See also:
"[p2p-research] 60 jobs that will rock the future... (not)"
Companies would continue to invest in productivity even in economic freefall because they will lose less money that way. :-) Plus they will see themselves positioning themselves for a future recovery. Even if 5% of jobs were lost each year relative to the previous year, that is more than twenty years of some people having some income.
What these robots prove, more than anything, is that major conventional economic assumptions are no longer true (if they ever were). Even if demand was unlimited (which it isn't), why would someone hire a human worker to assemble parts, drive vehicles, or help around the house? Beyond wanting to boss humans around? Why should an employer expose themselves to harassment lawsuits, theft, injury claims, or loss of training investments for job changers when they could get a robot to do the job, or redesign the task so a robot could do the job if it is otherwise too hard?
One aspect of P2P is that it is enjoyable. Another is that it is needed (like for people who have no money to pay for information). Another is, as here, that the mythological plausibility behind the status quo (as an income-through-jobs link tied to productivity) is evaporating, and with it, most people's chance to gain income to spend in the market. Thus, without a basic income, the market cannot function as-is since there will be less and less purchasers.
The market may still function as a self-consistent thing if basically the robots make stuff for the capitalists who claim ownership of the robots and land and other machines and the fruits of all that and don't otherwise work. But then it is not anything like what we would now call a "market". The "free market" would just be the robot scheduling algorithms controlled by capitalists with different equity stakes. For the very few, it would be like Marshall Brain's "Manna" or James Albus' "People's Capitalism". For the rest of us, it would mean starvation, or perhaps subsistence production assuming we could afford access to land somehow, or perhaps, charity from some of the uber-wealthy (like a few people in industrialized countries give to charities like Child Reach or Heifer that help villages in materially poorer countries). And note that, in the next decade or two, those who can afford the robots will financially may destroy everyone else, accelerating the rich-get-richer effect. How can an independent trucker compete with robot truckers that travel in convoys and are more fuel efficient and have maybe US$10000 worth of electronics to replace a human driver?
Here is an article about fairy affluent people losing jobs with six figure    "Life on Severance: Comfort, Then Crisis"
   Really, who needs more people in those professions in a shrinking economy, considering how technology allows the remaining workers to do more with less. Here are the jobs of the people laid off in that article:
* CEO of a small bank
* Executive director of marketing for a publishing company
* Ad agency campaign manager
So, even "top" jobs can disappear from increased productivity and declining Here is a NYTimes editorial on the "jobless recovery" in the USA:
   The official job-loss data also fail to take note of 2.8 million additional jobs needed to absorb new workers who have joined the labor force during the recession. When those missing jobs are added to the official total, the economy comes up short by 10.1 million jobs. Taken together, the numbers paint this stark picture: At no time in post-World War II America has it been more difficult to find a job, to plan for the future, or ? for tens of millions of Americans ? to merely get by. ... The country also needs a program that would create jobs for teenagers ? ages 16 to 19 ? whose unemployment rate is currently a record 27.6 percent. Deep and prolonged unemployment among the young is especially worrisome. It means they do not have a chance, and may never get the chance, to acquire needed skills, permanently hobbling their earnings potential.
And many people think those figures are being spun *positively*. With more than a million children homeless now in the USA (doubling in the last year), I could believe that.
If it were just the USA in the world, these trends would have played out sooner. But the USA could ship surplus to markets abroad, and then afterwards buy stuff abroad with weird things happening with fiat dollars as the rest of the world bootstraps itself up to US levels and lots of credit was extended to workers with less and less labor value through easy credit like home refinances. This is a little like the tide going out before a tsunami. Once the rest of the world is up to US levels of information and automation (and China is getting there fast), then these problems will begin to manifest in those other countries as well (unless they implement a basic income), with continually rising productivity and massive layoffs. (China is already laying off people, but that's for other weird dynamics.)
Guess no one believed the warnings about Hurricane Katrina, either. :-(
So, as I see it, the social transformation that P2P is part of is happening right now, irreversibly short of global warfare or plague, and we're looking at a huge economic change in two decades (maybe only one decade if more people see what is coming).
Robotics are a big part of it. But so is better design (producing more function with less material and less effort). So is "voluntary simplicity" and a growing social and ecological consciousness in industrialized countries to use less and to be more spiritual and social. So, lots of converging trends.
But, frankly, even the techies miss all this, so don't feel too bad. :-)
I made a post on this the other day to slashdot and you can see the vociferous disagreements, even by people who are very computer-oriented:
   "What Computer Science Can Teach Economics: Misses the post-scarcity point; digital abundance"
   The scarcity ideology almost all of us have all been taught for so long by school and the media is so at odds with these trends, that even when robots are twirling cell phones in front of us, driving cars, and doing our laundry, we have trouble believing the implications. P2P is another trend that people have trouble believing. But, slowly it is sinking in to some people like Google who think they can profit by it, while at the same time even now the newspaper industry and RIAA and the MPAA are fighting it any way they can. For decades, unions have fought automation as well, when, if you think about it, they should have been the first to embrace it under a different economic regime of abundance because it would make work safer and easier and less needed so that workers could work less and have more fun in a safer workplace. But, under the current economic regime, that means lost jobs, which means personal disaster for union employees, so unions have fought automation. Similarly, artists and authors should embrace the ending and weakening of copyright because it means more materials to draw from, but instead, hoping to make money someday, many artists and authors embrace strong copyright. It is all in a state of flux, with changing paradigms, changing myths. I hope it is a non-violent transition.
I listed a bunch of ways to deal with this transition here:
"Why limited demand means joblessness (and what to do about it)"
And three there that are not recommended are more war, more schooling, and more prisons. But, those three are easy ones for US society (and even European society) to embrace.
For example, putting a couple million people in prison over copyright issues in the USA, which would also create millions of jobs guarding them, is a fairly straightforward-seeming solution to today's economic issues, fitting with a scarcity-based paradigm. Those ten million people would all then be off the unemployment rolls, say with two million imprisoned and four million guarding, and a related boost in the economies of related towns, including social services for the families of guards (who have trouble leaving their traumatic work at the prison). It's a straightforward way to spend public dollars that few would object to (because it is tough on "crime", creates jobs, and fits in with preconceived notions of how a scarcity economy should be working, and for the most part, would just involve enforcing existing US law about felony copyright infringement of which most young people are guilty by the current terms.  ) Processing of such detentions could be easily automated from internet records linked with college's cooperation -- the point would not be accuracy as much as getting people out of the unemployment statistics and keeping young people off the streets. Running more private prisons would also make some people very rich, so there are bound to be lots of dollars to lobby for this plan. As another benefit, college enrollment in courses related to the prison industry would increase, thus keeping more young people voluntarily in academic prison and incurring huge private debts for a future career as some sort of guard (in school or prison).
A huge copyright crackdown would also profitable for some judges:
   "Judges in PA take bribes from private prisons"
   AMY GOODMAN: An unprecedented case of judicial corruption is unfolding in Pennsylvania. Several hundred families have filed a class-action lawsuit against two former judges who have pleaded guilty to taking bribes in return for placing youths in privately owned jails. Judges Mark Ciavarella and Michael Conahan are said to have received $2.6 million for ensuring that juvenile suspects were jailed in prisons operated by the companies Pennsylvania Child Care and a sister company, Western Pennsylvania Child Care. Some of the young people were jailed over the objections of their probation officers. An estimated 5,000 juveniles have been sentenced by Ciavarella since the scheme started in 2002.
Mass imprisonments in the USA to deal with rising unemployment may sound like lunacy, and it probably is, but basically it is a version of the scenario outlined in Marshall Brain's "Manna" story, and ideologically, it may be easier to do that than to accept the state religion of mainstream economics is not working well anymore.
So, we really are facing crazy times one way or another.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-11 18:22:37
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A thirty year future of the transition 
I think the OLPC project disproves that, with children easily taking up the computers (and even their parents playing with them). As does the "Hole in the Wall" project.
   "For experts, like Nicholas Negroponte of MIT, Hole-in-the-Wall is a ?Shared Blackboard? which children in underprivileged communities can collectively own and access, to express themselves, to learn, to explore together, and at some stage to even brainstorm and come up with exciting ideas. For villagers, it is more like a village Well, where children assemble to draw knowledge and, in the process, engage in meaningful conversation and immersive learning activities that broaden their horizons. And finally for children, it is an extension of their playground where they can play together, teach each other new things, and more importantly, just be But, yes, I can agree that communities will adopt different technologies and use even the same ones in different ways. Ideally, communities should be able to design their own infrastructures. My hopes for that, someday:
"The Oscomak project is an attempt to create a core of communities more in control of their technological destiny and its social implications. No single design for a community or technology will please everyone, or even many people. Nor would a single design be likely to survive. So this project endeavors to gather information and to develop tools and processes that all fit together conceptually like Tinkertoys or Legos. The result will be a library of possibilities that individuals in a community can use to achieve any degree of self-sufficiency and self-replication within any size community, from one person to a billion people. Within every community people will interact with these possibilities by using them and extending them to design a community economy and physical layout that suits their needs and ideas."
Again, whatever individuals may feel about robotics, if the USA or China or Europe or Japan, which are already industrialized (or industrializing in China's case), then it does not matter if the rest of the world adopts them. The effects on global markets of cheap robotic goods of high quality will affect everyone globally. A nation that fully automates will have such a competitive advantage in a market system that market dynamics will demand it. And already we see automation more and more. For example, solar panels are no longer laboriously assembled by hand, but they are printed. Even with zero cost human labor, for many tasks like assembly, you would not want it because the quality will be lower.
The same may be more and more true even in services. Who wants to risk being exposed to diseases by sharing a human nurse and other staff in a hospital? It would be safer to have one robot (perhaps teleoperated sometimes with haptic force feedback) per hospital room, just from an infection control perspective. Humans may never go completely out of the loop in the next couple of decades, but all these technologies allow one human to do more and "Haptics For Teleoperated Surgical Robotic Systems (New Frontiers in Robotics)"
"An important obstacle in Minimally Invasive Surgery (MIS) is the significant degradation of haptic feedback (sensation of touch) to the surgeon about surgical instrument s interaction with tissue. This monograph is concerned with devices and methods required for incorporating haptic feedback in master-slave robotic MIS systems. In terms of devices, novel mechanisms are designed including a surgical end-effector (slave) with full force sensing capabilities and a surgeon-robot interface (master) with full force feedback capabilities. Using the master-slave system, various haptic teleoperation control schemes are compared in terms of stability and performance, and passivity-based time delay compensation for haptic teleoperation over a long distance is investigated. The monograph also compares haptic feedback with visual feedback and with substitution for haptic feedback by other sensory cues in terms of surgical task performance."
By the way, telepresence to share skills across the network may be another future aspect of P2P. :-) So, if everyone had a home robot that could be teleoperated with force feedback, your friend on the other side of the planet could use it to repair your sink, and you could reciprocate by using the system to hem their pants legs to the right length. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-11 20:07:18
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Barbara Demick discusses the North Korean famine: 
A slideshow:
 From the article it relates to:
ABSTRACT: REFLECTIONS about a woman who survived the famine in North Korea during the nineteen-nineties. Song Hee-suk (whose name has been changed) was a model citizen of North Korea. Mrs. Song raised four children while working ten-hour shifts six days a week at the day-care center of the Chosun Clothing Factory. After work, Mrs. Song was required to spend several more hours in ideological training. When the writer first met Mrs. Song, in 2004, she (Mrs. Song) had been living in Seoul, South Korea, for two years. Mrs. Song said she left North Korea only for her daughter and remained a true believer until the day she left. Even after three members of her family died of starvation, Mrs. Song believed that North Korea was the greatest nation on earth. Mrs. Song used to go twice a week to a food-distribution center near her apartment, in the coastal city of Chongjin. Mrs. Song would hand over her ration book, a small sum of money, tickets from the garment factory, and the clerk would calculate her entitlements: seven hundred grams each per day for her and her husband, three hundred grams for her mother-in-law, and four hundred for each school-aged child living at home. For all its rhetoric about self-sufficiency, North Korea was dependent on the generosity of its neighbors. By the early nineteen-nineties, the Russians, impatient with North Korea?s failure to repay loans, raised their prices for food, fuel, and raw materials. Enduring hunger became part of one?s patriotic duty. When the public-distribution system was cut off, people tapped their deepest wells of creativity to feed themselves. Mrs. Song was nearly fifty when the food supply ran out. Describes the businesses Mrs. Song tried to start over the years, including, tofu making, pig farming, rice trading, and cookie baking. In 1995, during a trip back from the coast with four large backpacks stuffed with rice, Mrs. Song survived a train derailment that may have killed hundreds of people. Tells about the death from starvation of Mrs. Song?s husband, Chang-bo. By 1998, it is estimated, between six hundred thousand and two million North Koreans had died as a result of the famine, as much as ten per cent of the population. Mrs. Song adapted quickly to South Korea. She was by no means an apologist for the North Korean regime, but she did profess a certain nostalgia for the idealism that used to propel her out of bed early to dust the portrait of Kim Il-sung.
What is relevant here is a failure of a "socialist" system here, one that revolved around inspiring people to produce for the commons (while some elite skimmed off the top).
As I see it, North Korea may be one end of a spectrum, and failing because of it, but that does not mean the other end of the spectrum, the USA with a million plus homeless children and ten million unemployed (plus a legacy of the destruction of Native Americans) does not have problems too. As Manuel de Landa suggests, we need an appropriate healthy balance of meshworks and hierarchies in our system designs.
Anyway, I think this issue is worth confronting head on, because when people say collective work on a commons will never work or is bad, which is the usual pushback when I post about these themes in other contexts, example slashdot, this is probably the kind  of reference story (or Stalin's Russia or the larger failure of the USSR) that they have in mind.
When this article (sorry the text is not online) talks about farmers abandoning their collective efforts to focus on their private plots, that is coming after years and decades of difficulties and encroaching scarcities (failing electric power and transportation as fuel supplies previously imported stop coming). (Another reason a country really should be energy independent for intrinsic security.)
When I argue for the success of the commons, the logic is different. What I argue is that, out of abundance and massive productivity improvements related to computers and automation and collective knowlegde, we are reaching the point where one individual, augmented by automation and other tools and information, can produce enough to support thousands of other individuals in basic services like food or energy. Surrounded by abundance, people will be less likely to hoard or want to do one-to-one exchanges. This is a very different scenario than many people "sacrifice" themselves while they and those around them starve from scarcity and a few people skim off the top.
They may be related, especially in a USA that ideologically does not much value contributions to the commons and is willing to let its artists and free software developers suffer to the point where they need to become wage-slaves again, but they are not the same. Now it is true that sometimes in times of difficulty and immediate scarcity like a natural disaster a community will come together for a time, but again, that is different from decades of grinding poverty leading people to move from solidarity to eventually every-person-for-themselves.
So, that is what is different about P2P coming out of a culture of abundance rather than assuming it would emerge from a culture of scarcity, like North Korea became. P2P emerging from abundance, where people contribute to Wikipedia for fun rather than necessity, is very different thing than from a P2P emerging where everyone is forced to contribute to Wikipedia or they just don't eat, and where starvation is always just around the corner, and people might sell private information products instead to ensure their own survival. (Actually, ironically, I am soon facing that in the USA -- to stop contributing to the commons to shift to focusing on private gain; maybe why I notice it. :-)
It is especially sad to read that story for me, both because my own mother saw extended family starve to death during the Hunger Winter in Rotterdam during WWII, but also because I know from my own researches that all the North Koreans had to do was grind up rock and they would have had all the fertilizer they needed. Likewise, as the German did in WWII, they could have converted their coal to liquid fuels, or used it to produce electricity by modifying their systems. But I can imagine if I had lived there, I would not have been able to learn these things, and even if I had, no one would listen when I said these things. They made a point about how the leaders considered themselves experts at everything. It's easy to think about success that flows from when you have the ear of a dictator in some authoritarian society, but it is much more likely you would be on the wrong side of all that, and even suffering more from seeing a better way that was not ideologically acceptable for whatever reason. Still, like now seeing the vitamin D situation in the USA, with hundreds of billions of dollars and hundreds of thousands of lives lost each year from a simple lack of adequate sunlight or supplements, in part because that is not profitable to big drug companies and so the CDC does not want to know, it is sad to see the history of North Korea and the failure from social ideology that individual initiative was evil. We need some sort of balance in our societies. Either extreme fails in various different ways.
That's why a more balanced (in some ways) Europe or South America or maybe even China may show more progress in the near term to coming up with new approaches to deal with our changing technology (like a basic income that Brazil was working towards).
Or to quote ex-Governor and conservative icon Sarah Palin speaking to Sean Hannity of Fox News: :-)
"What we're doing up there is returning a share of resource development dollars back to the people who own the resources. And our constitution up there mandates that as you develop resources it?s to be for the maximum benefit of the people, not the corporations, not the government, but the people of Alaska."
Ah, if only Sarah Palin had gotten to be president and really implemented that philosophy on a national basis. :-)
"[p2p-research] Basic income from a millionaire's perspective?"
(I know, I know. Sarah Palin for president? :-) Really, I'd rather elect the people who put that system in place in the first place, rather than someone who just inherited it and might have fought against it decades ago given the --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-11 22:29:47
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Robot videos and P2P implications (was Re: A thirty 
OK, I responded to this once. I'm going to respond again with a longer list of videos. Most are short (except the Nova one).
"High-Speed Robot Hand Demonstrates Dexterity and Skillful Manipulation"
"Nova: The Great Robot Race"
"DARPA Urban Challenge 2007"
"Home Assistance Robot"
"ASIMO avoids moving obstacles"
"ASIMOs new artificial intelligence. (ASIMO is learning!)"
"IRobot Packbot action!"
"South Korea's Machine Gun Sentry Robot"
"Sentry Robot to Patrol Maine School"
"Predator Drones"
"Merseyside Police helicopter remote control drone"
"BigDog Overview"
"The Autonomous Grape-Vine Pruner"
"Robots in warehouse"
"VMS robotic milking"
"Lely Robotic Barn Cleaner"
"Da Vinci Surgical Robot"
"CTC UT-1 ROV Ultra Trencher - Animation"
"Mars Rover Video with Various Music"
"Skoda Giggle: Happy robots"
"a DIY robot mower"
"Make a Reprap Robot Part 1"
There are probably tens of thousands of these videos out there. These are ones that I see as a representative overview, including robots in all sorts of areas like home, factory, outdoors, roads, space, ocean, warzone, police, schools, and hospitals.
More links to sites that aggregate these sorts of things:
This next one, not a video, is a little creepy, but it is an example of how robots are now doing lots of things you might not think they would:
   "Industrial robot hones virtual autopsies""
"The small industrial robot that dominates the room is in many ways much like any other. A robotic arm smoothly wields grippers and probes - always accurate and never tired. But rather than working on cars or computers, this robot is processing human corpses. ... Their virtopsies combine 3D imaging of a body's surface with a CT scan of its interior anatomy. The result is a faithful, high-resolution virtual double of the corpse (see diagram). This double can be used to accurately determine what killed someone. And it's a more tactful approach: only needle biopsies are used to sample tissues, leaving a body essentially undamaged."
So, two centuries to the robot revolution? Or yesterday? :-)
But, yes, it may well *never* be "total robotization". But already we are seeing vast amounts of roboticization. I would think this trend will only accelerate at companies try to cut costs. You may not see it as much in older companies where workers resist it or the management does not think they can get away with it, but you will probably see it in newer companies

@_date: 2009-11-11 23:22:35
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Stop selling out science to commerce - opinion - 09 
DO COMMERCIAL pressures have a negative impact on science? This debate has been raging for so long that it usually raises little more than a shrug of    That is no longer a defensible response. A new report from our organisation, Scientists for Global Responsibility (SGR), exposes problems so serious that we can no longer afford to be indifferent to them.
   The report looks at the impact of five commercial sectors on science and technology over the past 20 years. The damaging influence of two of these, pharmaceuticals and tobacco, has been noted before. But we also looked at the oil and gas, defence and biotech sectors, which have been subjected to less scrutiny.
   We found a wide range of disturbing commercial influences on science, and evidence that similar problems are occurring across academic disciplines.
   Over the past two decades, government policy in the US, UK and elsewhere has fundamentally altered the academic landscape in a drive for profit. Universities have been pushed to adopt a much more commercial mindset, from taking out patents to prioritising research that promises short-term economic gains. The rapid spread of partnerships between businesses and universities has led to some disciplines becoming so intertwined with industry that few academics are able to retain their independence. ...
   Another cornerstone of science that is being eroded is the freedom to set the public research agenda so that it serves the public interest. Governments are increasingly focused on delivering competitiveness, and business interests are able to exert pressure on funding bodies through representatives on their boards. As a result, environmental and social problems and "blue-sky" research commonly lose out to short-term commercial gain. ...
   Another example is research on security issues, which is overwhelmingly focused on new military technology. Research into understanding the roots of conflict, or to support negotiation and reconciliation programmes, receives a tiny fraction of the tens of billions of dollars spent globally on developing military hardware. And most of that is public money.
   Put bluntly, much publicly funded science is no longer being done in the public interest. Despite this, policy-makers are complacent and argue that any damaging effects of commercial influence are minor.
   In contrast, many scientists are noticing the effects and becoming discomfited by them. Some are starting to speak out. For example, staff at the Open University in the UK are pushing for new ethical standards for business partnerships following the university's involvement in a major military contract.
   However, these campaigns are few and far between. There is a strong incentive for scientists not to make a fuss if their department receives industry funds. This is strengthened by contractual requirements for secrecy that often come with industry partnerships.
   To defend independent science, reform is needed, from the level of government policy down to that of the research study. To this end, SGR is making recommendations. These include: the open publication of all funding arrangements between academia and business; ethical standards for business-university partnerships; proper handling of conflicts of interests by journals; more involvement of the public in setting research priorities; and a change in government policies which prioritise research with short-term commercial priorities above all else. ...
Link to the report:
   "Corporate Influence on Science and Technology"
   Those reform parts, except the last, seem unlikely to do much in practice. We need a more systemic reform, like a basic income, or a gift economy, or more local subsistence, to make a lasting difference. But the last point on changing government priorities might help, except they are the current way due to lots of lobbying by industry, so will it really change?
So, is this all an area where P2P and "professional amateurs" take up the slack these days?
For example, I write about global intrinsic security and mutual security and even a security of balance, citing the works of others like Morton Deutsch and Amory Lovins and Manuel de Landa, with my own post-scarcity twist. :-) Not very much in the context of a trillion dollars spent each year by the US on "defense" though. Let's hope these tiny sparks are enough to transcend the current global security conflicts much of that "security" money has helped create, given it has been spent based on scarcity ideology and promoting unilateral extrinsic unbalanced security through the creation of ironic weapons (like using nuclear power to fight over a perceived scarcity of oil instead of produce power, or using robots to fight over material goods instead of make more goods).
Still, sometimes people move beyond the irony:
"MOSCOW ? What?s powering your home appliances?
   For about 10 percent of electricity in the United States, it?s fuel from dismantled nuclear bombs, including Russian ones.
   ?It?s a great, easy source? of fuel, said Marina V. Alekseyenkova, an analyst at Renaissance Capital and an expert in the Russian nuclear industry that has profited from the arrangement since the end of the cold war. But if more diluted weapons-grade uranium isn?t secured soon, the pipeline could run dry, with ramifications for consumers, as well as some American utilities and their Russian suppliers.
   Already nervous about a supply gap, utilities operating America?s 104 nuclear reactors are paying as much attention to President Obama?s efforts to conclude a new arms treaty as the Nobel Peace Prize committee did.
   In the last two decades, nuclear disarmament has become an integral part of the electricity industry, little known to most Americans.
   Salvaged bomb material now generates about 10 percent of electricity in the United States ? by comparison, hydropower generates about 6 percent and solar, biomass, wind and geothermal together account for 3 percent.
   Utilities have been loath to publicize the Russian bomb supply line for fear of spooking consumers: the fuel from missiles that may have once been aimed at your home may now be lighting it.
   But at times, recycled Soviet bomb cores have made up the majority of the American market for low-enriched uranium fuel. Today, former bomb material from Russia accounts for 45 percent of the fuel in American nuclear reactors, while another 5 percent comes from American bombs, according to the Nuclear Energy Institute, an industry trade association in Washington. ...
Now, that's a beautiful post-scarcity thing. And, ironically, no one wants to talk about it, "for fear of spooking consumers". What a messed up world. Something really good happens, and it's kept a secret.
But, we can thank many people in and out of academia, including at Princeton University like Frank von Hippel, for negotiating these treaties back around the 1980s.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-12 21:15:56
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open source communications tool for disabled 
See also, for a possible treatment idea for ALS involving vitamin D:
On the other hand, these people are concerned about it:
But perhaps mistakenly:
"The urgent need to recommend an intake of vitamin D that is
effective1 (Am J Clin Nutr Vieth et al. 85 (3): 649.)" from 2007:
Evaluation of most relations of health and disease that involve vitamin D leads to the conclusion that a desirable 25(OH)D concentration is ?75 nmol/L (30 ng/mL) (3-5). If a concentration of 75 nmol/L is the goal to be achieved by consumption of vitamin D, then why is it so rare for members of the population to accomplish this? One reason is that almost every time the public media report that vitamin D nutrition status is too low, or that higher vitamin D intakes may improve measures of health, the advice that accompanies the report is outdated and thus misleading. Media reports to the public are typically accompanied by a paragraph that approximates the following: "Current recommendations from the Institute of Medicine call for 200 IU/d from birth through age 50 y, 400 IU for those aged 51?70 y, and 600 IU for those aged >70 y. Some experts say that optimal amounts are closer to 1000 IU daily. Until more is known, it is wise not to overdo it." The only conclusion that the public can draw from this is to do nothing different from what they have done in the past.
   Supplemental intake of 400 IU vitamin D/d has only a modest effect on blood concentrations of 25(OH)D, raising them by 7?12 nmol/L, depending on the starting point. To raise 25(OH)D from 50 to 80 nmol/L requires an additional intake of {approx}1700 IU vitamin D/d (11). Safety is the first priority when giving advice to increase supplementation or fortification with any nutrient. A recent review in this Journal applied the risk assessment method used by the Food and Nutrition Board to update the safe tolerable upper intake level (UL) for vitamin D (12). The method focuses on the risk of hypercalcemia. The conclusion was that the UL for vitamin D consumption by adults should be 10 000 IU/d (12). This indicates that the margin of safety for vitamin D consumption for adults is >10 times any current recommended intakes.
   The balance of the evidence leads to the conclusion that the public health is best served by a recommendation of higher daily intakes of vitamin D (3). Relatively simple and low-cost changes, such as increased food fortification or increasing the amount of vitamin D in vitamin supplement products, may very well bring about rapid and important reductions in the morbidity associated with low vitamin D status. The current UL is but one impediment to this action; another is the perpetuation of outdated intake    It is important for major journals such as the AJCN to publish evidence of a widespread nutrient deficiency. Regrettably, we are now stuck in a revolving cycle of publications that are documenting the same vitamin D inadequacy (1-3, 5, 7-9, 13-17). This phenomenon has been referred to as "circular epidemiology" (18), and, for vitamin D, the phenomenon will continue for as long as the levels of vitamin D fortification and supplementation and the practical advice offered to the public remain essentially the same as they were in the era before we knew that 25(OH)D even existed. As scientists, the purpose of our work is to improve the health of the public. We know the realities of serum 25(OH)D concentrations in populations around the world, and we have come to the conclusion that public health will benefit from improved vitamin D nutritional status. We know the intakes of vitamin D needed to bring about desirable 25(OH)D concentrations, so why is the science not making a difference to public health? A major reason is that there is little public pressure on policy makers to support efforts to update recommendations about nutrition. Public pressure is generally rooted in the media, but we do not think that the public media present the vitamin D story in a complete and accurate manner. Reports about vitamin D inadequacies are presented straightforwardly, but, when it comes to discussing the intake of vitamin D needed to correct the situation, outdated official recommendations for vitamin D are propagated by the public media. This probably occurs because of restrictive editorial policies driven by concern about possible litigation if media were to advise a "toxic" intake greater than the UL. The unfortunate result is that there is minimal motivation for policy makers to implement the relatively simple steps that could correct this nutrient deficiency.
   Because of the convincing evidence for benefit and the strong evidence of safety, we urge those who have the ability to support public health?the media, vitamin manufacturers, and policy makers?to undertake new initiatives that will have a realistic chance of making a difference in terms of vitamin D nutrition. We call for international agencies such as the Food and Nutrition Board and the European Commission's Health and Consumer Protection Directorate-General to reassess as a matter of high priority their dietary recommendations for vitamin D, because the formal nationwide advice from health agencies needs to be changed.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-12 21:19:27
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Oil running out far faster than predicted: report 
Probably true, but on the other hand:
"Natural Gas Changes the Energy Map; Vast amounts of the clean-burning fossil fuel have been discovered in shale deposits, setting off a gas rush. But how it will affect our energy use is still uncertain. "
I still predict twenty to thirty years to nearly 100% renewables by current exponential growth rates. :-)
But we need to stop using oil as soon as possible because of the external costs and systemic risks, even ignoring running out or climate change issues:
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-12 21:43:24
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | MPAA Shuts Down Town's Municipal WiFi 
"The MPAA has successfully shut down an entire town's municipal WiFi because a single user was found to be downloading a copyrighted movie. Rather than being embarrassed by this gross example of collective punishment (a practice outlawed in the Geneva conventions) against Coshocton, OH, the MPAA's spokeslizard took the opportunity to cry poor (even though the studios are bringing in record box-office and aftermarket receipts)."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-13 21:14:23
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Nicaragua Creates Innovative Agricultural 
"Nicaragua is the second-poorest country of the Americas. It is now also the Latin American country with the most capable web-based information system for agriculture, thanks to open source software. ALBAstryde itself is open source, and it is based on Django and jQuery. It allows the user to play with the data, and its reach is further extended by a net of radio stations which are broadcasting the numbers to remote peasants, who thereby, for the first time ever, get up to date data on prices and general production levels in the country. The implementation for the ministry of agriculture of Nicaragua already contains live data."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-14 11:13:49
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | US Cybersecurity Plan Includes Offense 
Contrast Isenberg's suggestions on a network based on plenty with today's news:
"Shane Harris of the National Journal describes how the US government plans to use, and has successfully used, cyber-warfare to disrupt the communications of insurgents in Iraq. 'In a 2008 article in Armed Forces Journal, Col. Charles Williamson III, a legal adviser for the Air Force Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance Agency, proposed building a military "botnet," an army of centrally controlled computers to launch coordinated attacks on other machines. Williamson echoed a widely held concern among military officials that other nations are building up their cyber-forces more quickly. "America has no credible deterrent, and our adversaries prove it every day by attacking everywhere," he wrote. ... Responding to critics who say that by building up its own offensive power, the United States risks starting a new arms race, Williamson said, "We are in one, and we are losing."'"
So, the US military, once again, in a tremendous burst of irony, is developing ways to create artificial scarcity on the network of abundance. And they are justifying this to have new ways to further harm the people upset about being harmed by the illegal and immoral US invasion of Iraq.
"Illegal, Immoral Invasion of Iraq to Carve up the Middle East"
So, one illegal and immoral act begets another. One artificial scarcity begets another. One arms race, fueled by war profits, begets another.
   How do we resolve this seemingly intractable problem?
Mutual security?
Intrinsic security?
Humor? :-)
Jacque Fresco comments on some of this, as far as the problems of way being profitable, as I note here:
So, after the US military gets all these shiny new cyberweapons, who are they going to use them against next? Who will be the next people labeled "insurgents"? Or goaded into it by suffering from other military-enforced artificial scarcities?
Anyway, people ask me why I don't just post to a blog, and that's part of it. All web archives and other websites may be taken out once that "arms race" really gets going and military doctrinal TINA rules: "There is no alternative (but to destroy everything)".
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-15 12:31:10
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Edge: The Age of the Informavore (not to 
Some comments on this article on Informavores. The second half is mostly about alternative education and homeschooling, as it relates to Germany and the rise of the internet. There is also some discussion at the end in relation to recent vandalism at a school in Germany, in part perhaps over access to toilet paper, seeing it as a representative example of the ongoing cultural discussion of whether "School makes you free" or instead whether "Education and the internet makes you free".
I liked in the summary:
In May of 2000, he published a manifesto in FAZ, a call-to arms,entitled "Wake-Up Call for Europe Tech", in which he called for Europe to adopt the ideas of the third culture. His goal: to change the culture of the newspaper and to begin a process of change in Germany and Europe. "Europe should be more than just a source for the software of ego crisis, loss of identity, despair, and Western melancholy," he wrote. We should be helping write the code for tomorrow."
I did not like in the summary:
... and Darwinism (search algorithm and information foraging). "The Darwinian perspective is the most interesting," he says. "Information being an advantage for the informarvores and software that codes it with cues from foraging habits of the prehistoric man".
There's truth to that, but it still fundamentally misunderstands evolutionary processes which are ultimately about survival (or other changes in the context of survival).
One of my suppositions on the evolution of intelligence (like from my undergrad work in the 1980s) was that there may be a law of diminishing returns in resources invested in "intelligence" vs. survival. And probably, for any particular niche, the returns no greater intelligence may become Still, I agree with the main point that online systems are changing how we think. I know I'm "smarter" in some sense with access to Google.
And as I read more past the summary, it seems like the darwinian aspect focused on there is about the evolution through selection of ideas themselves -- not as much the brains that process them?
So far, what seems to be happening is that we have a growing infosphere that humans are a key part of. What that role will be as the rest of the system gets "smarter" is hard to say. Will humans always have a key role? Will they just have a slowly diminishing role? Or will the system flash-over at some point, like a room with temperature rising from a fire elsewhere, where at some point everything flammable catches on fire -- so, either everything becomes intelligent (nanotech?) or some superintelligence emerges that does not require humans to be part of it and which has its own goals? And where would that leave people? And even another path is that what it means to be human changes, as people genetically engineer themselves or merge with computers somehow. I really don't know for sure which of these it will be. One big issue is, are we just going to let something happen to us, or are we going to try to direct this somehow?
Another good point from the article:
Of course, everybody knows we have a revolution, but we are now really entering the cognitive revolution of it all. In Europe, and in America too ? and it's not by chance ? we have a crisis of all the systems that somehow are linked to either thinking or to knowledge. It's the publishing companies, it's the newspapers, it's the media, it's TV. But it's as well the university, and the whole school system, where it is not a normal crisis of too few teachers, too many pupils, or whatever; too small universities; too big universities.
   Now, it's totally different. When you follow the discussions, there's the question of what to teach, what to learn, and how to learn. Even for universities and schools, suddenly they are confronted with the question how can we teach? What is the brain actually taking? Or the problems which we have with attention deficit and all that, which are reflections and, of course, results, in a way, of the technical revolution?
Something I half-agree with comes next:
The European point of view, with our history of thought, and all our idealistic tendencies, is that now you can see ? because they didn't know that the Internet would be coming, in the fifties or sixties or seventies ? that the whole idea of the Internet somehow was built in the brains, years and decades before it actually was there, in all the different sciences. And when you see how the computer ? Gigerenzer wrote a great essay about that ? how the computer at first was somehow isolated, it was in the military, in big laboratories, and so on. And then the moment the computer, in the seventies and then of course in the eighties, was spread around, and every doctor, every household had a computer, suddenly the metaphors that were built in the fifties, sixties, seventies, then had their triumph. And so people had to use the computer. As they say, the computer is the last metaphor for the human brain; we don't need any more. It succeeded because the tool shaped the thought when it was there, but all the thinking, like in brain sciences and all the others, had already happened, in the sixties, seventies, fifties even.
   But the interesting question is, of course, the Internet ? I don't know if they really expected the Internet to evolve the way it did ? I read books from the nineties, where they still don't really know that it would be as huge as it is. And, of course, nobody predicted Google at that time. And nobody predicted the Web.
The web was predicted a century ago:
   Memex in the 1940s was related to it.
Isaac Asimov predicted a Google-like Multivac in the 1950s or so.
Sci-fi author Theodore Sturgeron ("the skills of xanadu" and "to marry medusa") got a lot of this in the 1950s.
Xanadu and Augment in the 1960s were related.
James P. Hogan has aspects of the web is his 1979 book "The Two Faces of Tomorrow" as well as the subsequent "Voyage from Yesteryear".
Something I read yesterday, seeing yet another reference to it and realizing I had never read the whole thing:
"Military-Industrial Complex Speech, Dwight D. Eisenhower, 1961 "
(Mentioned here: I was suprised to see this in President Eisenhower's speech: "In this revolution, research has become central; it also becomes more formalized, complex, and costly. A steadily increasing share is conducted for, by, or at the direction of, the Federal government. Today, the solitary inventor, tinkering in his shop, has been overshadowed by task forces of scientists in laboratories and testing fields. In the same fashion, the free university, historically the fountainhead of free ideas and scientific discovery, has experienced a revolution in the conduct of research. Partly because of the huge costs involved, a government contract becomes virtually a substitute for intellectual curiosity. For every old blackboard there are now hundreds of new electronic computers.  The prospect of domination of the nation's scholars by Federal employment, project allocations, and the power of money is ever present and is gravely to be regarded. "
One thing that has changed with computers getting cheap, both to use for research and to use for communications and data storage, is the rise again of the "Professional Amateur" and P2P. So, Eisenhower was right for the time, and for decades after, but something fundamental has changed about that with computers getting cheaper.
Where it says:
The tool is not only a tool, it shapes the human who uses it. We always have the concept, first you have the theory, then you build the tool, and then you use the tool. But the tool itself is powerful enough to change the human being. God as the clockmaker, I think you said. Then in the Darwinian times, God was an engineer. And now He, of course, is the computer scientist and a programmer. What is interesting, of course, is that the moment neuroscientists and others used the computer, the tool of the computer, to analyze human thinking, something new started.
   The idea that thinking itself can be conceived in technical terms is quite new. Even in the thirties, of course, you had all these metaphors for the human body, even for the brain; but, for thinking itself, this was very, very late. Even in the sixties, it was very hard to say that thinking is like a computer.
Doug Engelbart talks about the co-evolution of the tools and the community. So, I think this misses that both affect each other.
Also, I wrote a term paper in college in the 1980s for a cognitive science course (got a low grade I think :-) about how, building on Julian Jaynes' suggestion about metaphors and psychology (he was the second reader on my undegrad thesis, by the way),
   where he talked about mind as thought of in succession as layered like geology, a steam engine of pressures, that a telegraph, and so on,
with maybe my including the mind as ecology (Gregory Bateson), that the next metaphor after the mind as computer would be the mind as an organ of cybernetic homeostasis (based on looking at systems that manage space habitats. :-)
Anyway, I have not thought on Julian Jaynes for a long time. I'm sad to see he died a while back. Sadly, one by one, the professors I knew age and die; I'm in my forties and many of them are in their sixties (young ones then) through nineties if they are still around. Probably most of the influential professors in my life at this point are dead or have some form of dementia, sadly. There remain a few exceptions, though. :-) Sometimes I look at the thousands of books I have and see them as some sort of ghosts, as most of the authors have died, some centuries ago. Are we nothing but the ideas of ghosts? :-) Well, maybe we add our own little bits to that before we are ghosts in turn. :-)
But there is some relevance here to Jaynes' work, in that what we are talking about is, in essence, and emergence of a new form of collective "consciousness" on the old substrate, mediated through the internet. If there is any truth to modern human consciousness emerging from "The Breakdown of the Bicamereal Mind", will we see an emergence of web consciousness from some other breakdown? A break down of copyright? Or even just a breakdown of incompatible free licenses or the breakdown of the lack of a machine readable licensing standard? A breakdown of big media domination? A breakdown of expensive computing into cheap computing? A breakdown of the capitalist system into socialism and a basic income? A breakdown of incompatible standards into a unified social semantic desktop? Or a similar such thing. :-) Is Wikipedia the breakdown of the old encyclopedia model? Is Debian the breakdown of the old way of writing operating systems and their ecosystem of software packages? Anyway, to what extent do Wikipedia and its community, or Debian GNU/Linux and its community, or any sort of large peer production represent some sort of new emerging consciousness?  Maybe even one we, as individuals, somehow are not even directly aware of, even as we participate in it? Or even if we can hear some of its chatter with itself? Or even originate some of the chatter? :-)
The article has stuff about "free will". But "consciousness" is perhaps a more interesting question. :-)
A relevant section: "But now, when you have a generation ? in the next evolutionary stages, the child of today ? which are adapted to systems such as the iTunes "Genius", which not only know which book or which music file they like, and which goes farther and farther in predictive certain things, like predicting whether the concert I am watching tonight is good or bad. Google will know it beforehand, because they know how people talk about it."
But, as I said elsewhere:
are we all not unpaid employees of Google, essentially? Is not, to some extent, Google the emergent collective consciousness of us all?
This paragraph from the article implies India and China and other places may be the real future of the web (another reason the OLPC project or ones like it are important): "Germany still has a very strong anti-technology movement, which is quite interesting insofar as you can't really say it's left-wing or right-wing. As you know, very right-wing people, in German history especially, were very anti-technology. But it changed a lot. And why it took so long, I would say, has demographic reasons. As we are in an aging society, and the generation which is now 40 or 50, in Germany, had their children very late. The whole evolutionary change, through the new generation ? first, they are fewer, and then they came later. It's not like in the sixties, seventies, with Warhol. And the fifties. These were young societies. It happened very fast. We took over all these interesting influences from America, very, very fast, because we were a young society. Now, somehow it really took a longer time, but now that is for sure we are entering, for demographic reasons, the situation where a new generation which is ? as you see with The Pirates as a party ? they're a new generation, which grew up with modern systems, with modern technology. They are now taking the stage and changing society."
But I think his suggestion "Not many German thinkers have adopted this kind of computational perspective." is overly broad. Many good GNU/Linux stuff comes out of Germany. And stuff regarding Squeak/Smalltalk. It's just not always so obvious because it is more at the edges. Example:
Martin Beck is currently working on his MSc thesis in the HPI Software Architecture Group. His work is dedicated to implementing NXTalk, a Smalltalk virtual machine for the Lego Mindstorms NXT platform. Development of NXTalk application takes place in a Squeak image, and assembled NXTalk images are transferred to the NXT for execution by the dedicated NXTalk VM. In the current state, simple images can be assembled and run: Martin demonstrated a program that can be used to steer a simple NXT bestowed with two motors.
   The popular introduction to the Seaside web application framework that was produced at HPI was briefly presented by David Tibbe, one of its co-authors.
   Robert Krahn had another appearance presenting the collection of games for the XO laptop developed by HPI students. All of the games are available for download as project or SAR files. [HPI is:  ]
I find this intriguing from the article: "What did Shakespeare, and Kafka, and all these great writers ? what actually did they do? They translated society into literature. And of course, at that stage, society was something very real, something which you could see. And they translated modernization into literature. Now we have to find people who translate what happens on the level of software. At least for newspapers, we should have sections that review software in a different way, at least the structures of software. We are just beginning to look at this in Germany. And we are looking for people ? it's not very many people ? who have the ability to translate that."
Well, the Japanese wanted nutty US Americans in the 1980s, and it did not work out too badly for them in some ways. Maybe Germany wants some nutty US Americans today? :-)
Of course, I'd be a criminal in Germany because we homeschool. :-(
"German Homeschooling Parents Sentenced to Three Months in Prison"
Homeschooling is illegal in Germany under a law dating back to the Hitler era. Homeschooling families in the country have faced increasing persecution in recent years, with police in several cases physically transporting children to school and even removing one teenager from her parent's care.
   A spokesperson for the German homeschool advocacy group, Netzwork-Bildungsfreiheit, commented on the mandatory public school attendance laws, which deem homeschooling families to be in breach of the state's criminal code.
   "It is embarrassing the German officials put parents into jail whose children are well educated and where the family is in good order," wrote Joerg Grosseleumern. "We personally know the Dudeks as such a family." ...
   In a blog, Wolfgang Drautz, consul general for the Federal Republic of Germany, attempted to defend these new developments, saying the government "has a legitimate interest in countering the rise of parallel societies that are based on religion." ...
See also:
  So, it's easy to run afoul of cultural and national differences.
And what is "religion"? Is is sometimes form of state-controlled consciousness?
   "State Controlled Consciousness" by John Taylor Gatto
   Schooling is a form of adoption. You give your kid up in his or her most plastic years to a group of strangers. You accept a promise, sometimes stated and more often implied that the state through its agents knows better how to raise your children and educate them than you, your neighbors, your grandparents, your local traditions do. And that your kid will be better off so adopted. But by the time the child returns to the family, or has the option of doing that, very few want to. Their parents are some form of friendly stranger too and why not? In the key hours of growing up, strangers have reared the kid. ...
   A lot of the constraints on us, a lot of the ah, ah - strings that hold us like puppets are really inventions of our own mind. I'm not saying that there aren't armies and police and various ways to punish deviants. But there isn't any way to punish a LARGE NUMBER of deviants. There isn't any way to do that. It's too expensive to even try to do that, unless you can colonize the minds of children growing up so they become their own police. And they will report other children who are deviating.
So, someday, there will be another wall coming down in Berlin. Either the schools will dissolve as institutions, or they will become more like public libraries for everyone. That is my prediction. :-) But when, I don't know. Ten years? Twenty? And this fits in very much with what is happening as people get more information from the internet, and is an the Edge article, the discussion of the mythology of German schooling breaking down.
Although it's also true Germany has better schools often in some ways that the USA. Even some "democratic" ones:
  So, even within Germany there are some legal options that are not as bad as Still, if I stretched, I'd say my mother's house was firebombed in Rotterdam because of Prussian schools.
   The most important immediate reaction to Jena was an immortal speech, the "Address to the German Nation" by the philosopher Fichte?one of the influential documents of modern history leading directly to the first workable compulsion schools in the West. Other times, other lands talked about schooling, but all failed to deliver. Simple forced training for brief intervals and for narrow purposes was the best that had ever been managed. This time would be different.
   In no uncertain terms Fichte told Prussia the party was over. Children would have to be disciplined through a new form of universal conditioning. They could no longer be trusted to their parents. Look what Napoleon had done by banishing sentiment in the interests of nationalism. Through forced schooling, everyone would learn that "work makes free," and working for the State, even laying down one?s life to its commands, was the greatest freedom of all. Here in the genius of semantic redefinition1 lay the power to cloud men?s minds, a power later packaged and sold by public relations pioneers Edward Bernays and Ivy Lee in the seedtime of American forced schooling.
Like the USA (so this is not intended to be one-way criticism), Germany will never be completely transformed beyond the roots of WWII IMHO as long as compulsory schools exist in it that are built on the Prussian model. Even now, the "state controlled consciousness" continues to fight back against "parallel societies" as if there could not be one diverse society where education happened in lots of different ways that by forcing young children to do paperwork, essentially, at gunpoint, same as in the USA for most families.
So, back to reading through this. It says: "Who are the big thinkers here? In Germany, for me at least, for my work, there are a couple of key figures."
Well, maybe the Dudeks are big thinkers in Germany? :-) An in prison for it, like Nelson Mandela was for a time?
More from the article: "Wild thinkers. Europeans, at this very moment, love wild thinkers."
Well, evidently, this statement seems at odds with the legal reality of homeschooling in Germany.
It may seem like a minor point, but I think it is all connected. Prussian schooling is the official way children are supposed to get most of their information, in a mostly state-directed way. The internet is a new way of participating in an information economy, where people can get their information in a learner-directed way. Will we see a balance of these two things somehow? Or will one way win out entirely (or almost entirely) in the I'll say this as a homeschooling parent. If any state had a website, with a checklist of thinks to learn, and related funny free instructional videos, sure, I would pay attention to it. I might no agree with it all, or I might point out to may child what I thought were falsehoods, or omissions, but the state would have a chance to get its say. Does the state really need more than that to accomplish healthy purposes in relation to 99% of families?
   Their primary assertion was that the bonds and emotional development made at home with parents during these years produced critical long term results that were cut short by enrollment in schools, and could neither be replaced nor afterward corrected in an institutional setting.[9] Recognizing a necessity for early out-of-home care for some children ? particularly special needs and starkly impoverished children, and children from exceptionally inferior homes? they maintained that the vast majority of children are far better situated at home, even with mediocre parents, than with the most gifted and motivated teachers in a school setting (assuming that the child has a gifted and motivated teacher). They described the difference as follows: "This is like saying, if you can help a child by taking him off the cold street and housing him in a warm tent, then warm tents should be provided for all children ? when obviously most children already have even more secure housing."[10]
So, if kids are "informavores" much more than anyone else, most are intellectually starved amidst plenty these days in restricted dumbed-down environments called "schools". As above, they are also emotionally starved in order so their parents can "work" at jobs that, for the most part, are no longer needed (as the jobs are mostly about guarding or other tasks related to scarcity assumptions, as Bob Black outlined in "The Abolition of Work").
  Something has got to give... Either schooling and work or the internet and our increasingly abundant technology. :-)
Linked for the picture (I usually link to a different version with less typos):
   "The Abolition of Work" by Bob Black
   The picture has the slogan: "Arbeit Macht Frei" :-(
Perhaps it should also be: "Schule Macht Frei"? :-(
I see from a Google search to check my noun endings for Schul:
   that last phrase is already getting around in German:
"vandalism attack on the Alexander von Humboldt Gymnasium [a school]"
  "October 2009 culminated in the criticism of the school's principal, presumably by students page, in two posters with the inscription "In 1940 we took advantage of the school" or "school macht frei" (possibly an allusion to the phrase Arbeit macht frei), and the distribution of nocturnal a "large number" of leaflets, ..."
Though, it is not for sure the students themselves did that.
I'm most definitely not advocating property damage here; this is just to illustrate that some German students may be beginning to see the connection...
Still, that is really the promise of school, that "Schule Macht Frei". You give up more than ten years of your youth, and in exchange, you get the promise (usually unstated, as Gatto says) that those lost years will give you freedom when you are older. And that promise, if it ever was true, seems less and less true with rising structural unemployment.
"Why limited demand means joblessness (and what to do about it)"
Well, I do think learning can help give you freedom. And, learning can be enjoyable for its own sake. But what sorts of learning, and in what sorts of ways? And how should any of that be connected to "school"? Which is the questions that Frank Schirrmacher says people in Germany are starting to ask, in part thanks to the internet. I'm glad to read that. Maybe "play" will be part of the rethinking?
   To requote that part from the Edge article for emphasis:
Of course, everybody knows we have a revolution, but we are now really entering the cognitive revolution of it all. In Europe, and in America too ? and it's not by chance ? we have a crisis of all the systems that somehow are linked to either thinking or to knowledge. It's the publishing companies, it's the newspapers, it's the media, it's TV. But it's as well the university, and the whole school system, where it is not a normal crisis of too few teachers, too many pupils, or whatever; too small universities; too big universities.
   Now, it's totally different. When you follow the discussions, there's the question of what to teach, what to learn, and how to learn. Even for universities and schools, suddenly they are confronted with the question how can we teach? What is the brain actually taking? Or the problems which we have with attention deficit and all that, which are reflections and, of course, results, in a way, of the technical revolution?
So, for Germany, this is the continuation of a long journey after WWII, yet something like having reached a new place, but then thinking about traveling further. It's a journey that even many people and institutions in the USA    Wikipedia. GNU/Linux. WordNet. Google. These things were not on the visible horizon to most of us even as little as twenty years ago. Now they have remade huge aspects of how we live. Are these free-to-the-user informational products and services all there is to be on the internet or are they the tip of a metaphorical iceberg of free stuff and free services that is heading our way? Or even, via projects like the RepRap 3D printer under development, are free physical objects someday heading into our homes? If a "post-scarcity" iceberg is coming, are our older scarcity-oriented social institutions prepared to survive it? Or like the Titanic, will these social institutions sink once the full force of the iceberg contacts them? And will they start taking on water even if just dinged by little chunks of sea ice like the cheap $100 laptops that are ahead of the main iceberg?
My prediction: schools as we know them will not exist in Germany in twenty years. :-) There may be places called "schools", and children may go there because they want to (or their parents want them to), and there may be people called "teachers" and so on who take a special interest in some children, but none of it will feel the same as it does now. It will all feel a lot better. :-) Or, maybe I should say that is more hope than prediction? I guess it all could get a lot worse, more vandalism, social disintegration, and so on, like at  Alexander von Humboldt Gymnasium, rather than finding a healthy balance of meshwork and hierarchy.
By the way, what John Taylor Gatto says about "Alexander von Humboldt" and I wonder if those school kids know this:
   Prussia was prepared to use bayonets on its own people as readily as it wielded them against others, so it?s not all that surprising the human race got its first effective secular compulsion schooling out of Prussia in 1819, the same year Mary Shelley?s Frankenstein, set in the darkness of far-off Germany, was published in England. Schule came after more than a decade of deliberations, commissions, testimony, and debate. For a brief, hopeful moment, Humboldt?s brilliant arguments for a high-level no-holds-barred, free-swinging, universal, intellectual course of study for all, full of variety, free debate, rich experience, and personalized curricula almost won the day. What a different world we would have today if Humboldt had won the Prussian debate, but the forces backing Baron vom Stein won instead. And that has made all the difference.
So, the fact is, whatever the name of their school, it probably really should be called: "Baron vom Stein Gymnasium". :-(
Still, I know nothing about that school. It may be precisely because it is "Alexander von Humboldt Gymnasium" that students are so well educated by themselves via debate and rich experience that they have made their complaints. That's the problem with commenting on events in another land I know little about. Still, reading the rest of it, it seems to be one of the grievances was monitoring on how much toilet paper was used? So, that seems to indicate a scarcity mentality, or maybe a problematical sewerage system? Or maybe something else?
More on that:
I'm still fighting WWII, I guess, in terms of what I focus on. :-)
   "Military: Is the Pentagon Preparing for the Last War? "
   The U.S. is unlikely over the next 25-30 years to face an adversary challenging its military in a symmetrical fashion. This is important, given that the American military devotes the great majority of its resources to preparing for a symmetrical fight, retaining an establishment that seeks to fight the "Third World War" but along fundamentally World War II or Cold War    It is not enough simply to be told that the threats of the future are not the threats of the past: an institution expected to undertake a cultural, organizational, and doctrinal transformation must at least see the outlines of its style of warfare for the future. The military will need strong civilian leadership and a geostrategic rationale for its transformation. It must see the outlines of its style of warfare for the future. Characteristics are emerging of a new style of warfare that we call Decisive Action, which draws upon lessons learned in past ways of American warfare. Decisive Action is not merely an amalgamation of the best characteristics of past doctrines, it is a way of warfare for the future.
Of course, what if your goal is to transcend war entirely, thinking war today is unwinnable?
As I see it, compulsory school (including limited access to toilet paper) is at the heart of modern war. It needs to change if we are to have much hope of surviving modern weapons, produced by the same technologies that could bring us abundance.
By the way, even the need for lots of toilet paper may be related to an unhealthy diet related to capitalism. And there are technological solutions to reducing toilet paper useage: It may seem silly to talk about things like toilets and schools, but the control of when or how someone can go to the bathroom is one basic principle of controlling someone's life in a cult-like way. From a review of "Cults in Our Midst":
   "Some cults control *all* aspects of their members' lives, including where members work and live, members' social companions, members' sexual companions (if any), and even when members can use the bathroom. Cults achieve complete control through a program of deliberate isolation plus psychological reward and punishment. Cult members mechanically serve the cult leadership's goals and fantasies, often accumulating money, wealth and power for the cult leadership."
Compare with:
   "Review of Jeff Schmidt's Disciplined Minds: A Critical Look at Salaried Professionals and the Soul-Battering System that Shapes their Lives"
   Where the book most obviously goes beyond usual critical analyses of professions is in the final part, "Resistance." Schmidt begins by drawing an analogy between professional training and ideological indoctrination in cults. He recognizes that students have many more opportunities to organize and resist than typical cult members. Nevertheless, he argues that "life in graduate or professional school can be very much like life in a cult - and that for students who aren?t careful, it will be." (p. 218). He then looks at the characteristic features of totalistic organizations, such as big promises, control of the milieu, no questioning of authority, and shaming. He gives examples from professional training reflecting each of these features.
So there are many levels to the issues this Edge article brings up.
Some of them are going to be more controversial than others. Together, the mean a vast social transformation as our mythology of material and informational scarcity interacts with a technology capable of producing vast material and informational abundance.
And, so, we see ironies like people complaining about access to toilet paper in a school that just won a big "Innovation Award". Assuming that claim was true; the headmistress of the school says, as far as she knows from personal experience, the charge of too little toilet paper being provided is false.
Part of one comment from the translated article on the school vandalism:
... The positive image of the school in public, as represented by the recently won Innovation Award, usually do not correspond to reality. Only through a farce isi managed to win the competition.
   The comparisons with the Nazi regime, I can not support, however, and I think it is also clearly grasped too far, but it does not change the fact that something amiss in this school ...
   I hope that this action is used to trigger a discussion, even if it only should be, or will be resolved primarily within the school.
And that's what the internet supplies as a forum for wide-ranging p2p discussions on such issues. That is something which in practice, never happened before outside some local area and face-to-face discussions or local newspapers, or very restricted dialog in national newspapers. So, one can now have these examples to talk about a bigger picture, how this issue is not so much about one school called (appropriately or not) "Alexander von Humboldt Gymnasium" but about all schools, which all face similar issues, even when staffed by people of good will and with adequate funds for toilet paper. :-)
Freedom is a slippery and many-layered subject. Good thing we have so many "Informavores" processing material and thinking about it these days. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-15 19:24:02
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?Rebutting_Communiqu=E9_from_an_Ab?= 
=?windows-1252?q?=29?=
I'm going to make some comments on student unrest, mostly focusing on how students could make positive changes to the university without being directly obstructive. So, this mostly agrees with the first half of "Communiqu? from an Absent Future" and then disagrees with the second half.
Interesting (though sad) to see students becoming uneasy; I just read this related item:
"The Great Marginalization: To be Young and Unemployed Forever "
 From one of those articles that were listed:
Before we get too excited though, it is worth understanding the full scale of the limitations and obstacles facing this form of communist organisation. Islands of worker co-operatives face enormous obstacles in regard to competition from capitalist rivals, which due to the inherent nature of capitalism are able to command economies of scale, depress wages and drive down their product prices, thus undercutting their worker-managed competitors.
   Worker co-ops also require at least a somewhat sympathetic legislature and the backing of a mass movement to allow what are, after all, factories and machinery simply stolen from the bosses. The question of politics and the state is therefore never far away ? without a political theory of how to deal with the state, such a form of organisation is doomed to the realm of idealism, or just random occurrences.
And a deeper issue, as they touch on with "How, for instance, could workers expropriate a call centre (even if they wanted to) when there is little to expropriate except office space, probably rented by the company, and some phone lines?" As Bob Black and others suggest, most work, including call center work, is probably related to guarding. Or, I might add, just simple competition. If people want information, it is on the web. So why push investments on people? Or products? Just to focus on making sure the available profits go in your direction?
As long as we have an unregulated market economy, where external costs like pollution or harming workers can easily be passed on, then healthier forms of free enterprise will have a tough time. For example, if the true cost of oil is US$500 a gallon (inclusive of defense spending and pollution and health costs), then it is hard for renewable energy to compete. Still, the fact that renewable energy like wind and now solar is becoming competitive with oil anyway, says a lot about how *inefficient* a capitalistic economy without state imposed regulation or equity truly is (because profits are privatized while costs are socialized).
So, students are occupying universities?
How about a little more ideology and theory to go with the practice? :-)
Some of this is a good start, obviously, but after this is gets more "Like the society to which it has played the faithful servant, the university is bankrupt.  This bankruptcy is not only financial.  It is the index of a more fundamental insolvency, one both political and economic, which has been a long time in the making.  No one knows what the university is for anymore.  We feel this intuitively.  Gone is the old project of creating a cultured and educated citizenry; gone, too, the special advantage the degree-holder once held on the job market.  These are now fantasies, spectral residues that cling to the poorly maintained halls. ... We work and we borrow in order to work and to borrow.  And the jobs we work toward are the jobs we already have.  Close to three quarters of students work while in school, many full-time; for most, the level of employment we obtain while students is the same that awaits after graduation.  Meanwhile, what we acquire isn?t education; it?s debt. ... This is the prospect for which we have been preparing since grade-school.  Those of us who came here to have our privilege notarized surrendered our youth to a barrage of tutors, a battery of psychological tests, obligatory public service ops?the cynical compilation of half-truths toward a well-rounded application profile.  No wonder we set about destroying ourselves the second we escape the cattle prod of parental admonition. ..."
These are some of the people for whom I wrote this last year::
"Post-Scarcity Princeton, or, Reading between the lines of PAW for prospective Princeton students, or, the Health Risks of Heart Disease "
Or a couple months back:
But they might also like:
         But as the Communiqu? says:
The same people who practice ?critique? are also the most susceptible to cynicism.  But if cynicism is simply the inverted form of enthusiasm, then beneath every frustrated leftist academic is a latent radical.  The shoulder shrug, the dulled face, the squirm of embarrassment when discussing the fact that the US murdered a million Iraqis between 2003 and 2006, that every last dime squeezed from America?s poorest citizens is fed to the banking industry, that the seas will rise, billions will die and there?s nothing we can do about it?this discomfited posture comes from feeling oneself pulled between the is and the ought of current left thought.  One feels that there is no alternative, and yet, on the other hand, that another world is possible.
   We will not be so petulant.  The synthesis of these positions is right in front of us: another world is not possible; it is necessary.  The ought and the is are one.  The collapse of the global economy is here and now.
It's always hard to admit the truth about some tragic aspects of unregulated military-industrial-prison-schooling-media capitalism, because then we have to admit how little power we have as individuals to do anything about it. Still, collectively, people can envision alternatives.
A little song I wrote around 1990 roughly to part of the tune of "Let the River Run" (sung by Carly Simon in Working Girl), in relation to this stuff:
We make
our company
a community
of lives in harmony
a sustainable future
here and now.
For "company" one could substitute university. :-)
"Why limited demand means joblessness (and what to do about it)"
right in the middle of the Communiqu? where that says: "The crisis of the university today is the crisis of the reproduction of the working class, the crisis of a period in which capital no longer needs us as workers. ... That is why our struggle is fundamentally different. The poverty of student life has become terminal: there is no promised exit. ... There will be no return to normal." :-)
They say: "We demand not a free university but a free society."
And that all makes a lot of sense.
I cited that in a note to some other people when that link was first posted:
But around then, IMHO the Communiqu? begins to run off the rails. They've got a good handle on some of the problems, but, the problem is, they don't have a solution. Their ideology is missing a piece. And when people are frustrated, and don't see a solution, the options often at first seem to be either just to "grin and bear it" or to lash out. Obviously, they have decided to stop bearing it. And they go on to say: "We must begin by preventing the university from functioning.  We must interrupt the normal flow of bodies and things and bring work and class to a halt.  We will blockade, occupy, and take what?s ours.  Rather than viewing such disruptions as obstacles to dialogue and mutual understanding, we see them as what we have to say, as how we are to be understood.  This is the only meaningful position to take when crises lay bare the opposing interests at the foundation of society.  Calls for unity are fundamentally empty. There is no common ground between those who uphold the status quo and those who seek to destroy it."
But it is (relatively) easy to stop systems from functioning. It's currently much easier to destroy than to create. We saw that in the latest Iraq war. In a couple of days or less, Iraq stopped functioning (such as it was) due to the US military. But, it is taking years to replace the order that existed before and much suffering has been endured (and women still are not as safe on the streets as they were before the invasion), and so Iraq still has many years to go to get back to where it was in many ways. Is that why that link had the tag by Synnove Mathe of "a great example of collective [blindness]"? Because it is just about repeating mistakes of violence from the past?
In a way, my efforts at understanding and digital freedom related to OSCOMAK etc. have been to prevent two extremes. This is one extreme -- the total revolt by below, as outlined here. That is so rare I've not thought in it much. The fact is, for very good reasons, without desensitizing military training or other deep trauma, most people just don't have much taste for ongoing blood and destruction, and that is a very good thing. The other extreme is the total crackdown (with nukes and plagues and military robots) from above by the formal hierarchy, and that can happen easily and quickly because the hierarchy has designed part of itself to do that. Those two different types of violence interrelate though, as one frequently justifies the other. We need a middle path forward, perhaps informed by knowing that either extreme is all too ready to emerge. We need to develop genuine sustainable alternatives on that middle path. This Communiqu? does not try to do that.
I did not see a way to comment here:
or I would have added some links to stuff I've posted here on schooling and Or today's screed: :-)
And all those things do agree with there being a deep problem with the university system (and other schooling). But, agreeing on parts of what the problem are do not mean necessarily agreeing on what parts of the solution are.
For example, there is some part of me that feels the university and compulsory schooling problem (and the dysfunctional society they enable) will only end when most people just walk away from it (Daniel Quinn develops this theme in some of his writing). But, then where to go when you have walked away? That is always the problem, especially today with so few jobs. Maybe it is better just to build alternative institutions? But what would they look like? A big problem with reforming existing universities, whether by reason or by threats of disruption, is that it will be extremely difficult to get the faculty and legislators to be willing to change their mythology about how a high-technology world does work (or should work). Thus, perhaps we need an alternative vision; for example:
"Getting Greece and Iceland to be 99% self-sufficient by mass; international consortium "
Again from the Communiqu?: "We must leave behind the culture of student activism, with its moralistic mantras of non-violence and its fixation on single-issue causes."
This is where the Communiqu? really goes wrong, to imply violence, even as they may be right about the problem with a single-issue focus. One can have a non-violent approach to envisioning a new university or a new society that does not have to resort to property destruction or violence, at the very least, to the extent our society is still something of a functioning democracy.
As G. William Domhoff suggests, violence in our society is a not-starter as far as true reform:
"Social Movements and Strategic Nonviolence"
For the past 10-15 years the usefulness of an exclusive focus on nonviolence has been questioned by new activists. They do not see much use in the carefully orchestrated acts of civil disobedience to which it is often reduced, where the time and place of arrest have been negotiated beforehand with the police. They have come to see nonviolence as primarily a philosophy, a religious sentiment, or a moral renunciation of violence, or even as a New Age belief in a way to create win-win situations for all concerned if there is enough love and understanding.
   However, the strategic nonviolence I am talking about is far more than that. It is a strategy for winning in conflicts where there are real differences between the adversaries, including class antagonisms. As a form of conflict, nonviolent direct action is best understood in terms of the same basic concepts that are used to understand violent (military) conflicts, because the underlying reality in both cases is the engagement in conflict over opposing perspectives and interests. Thus the phrase "strategic nonviolence," which is in fact what trade union organizers practice through strikes and what civil rights leaders employed through sit-ins, freedom rides, and boycotts. It is a form of struggle that is focused on prevailing despite the fact that the opponents -- usually a government or power elite -- have superior resources and are likely to use one or another form of violence if they think it can succeed.
   Although nonviolence is a strategic choice, it has to be employed within the context of a larger and more encompassing value system to help members refrain from violence in the face of delays, provocations, and violent acts by the opponents. Encasement within a value system is also so that opponents slowly can become convinced that the challengers will not suddenly resort to violence when they think it will be to their advantage. A sudden shift to property destruction or armed struggle is not an option.
   For current-day egalitarians, a commitment to the freedoms and democratic procedures won by past egalitarians can provide the primary foundation for the practice of nonviolence, although some of them also draw upon their religious values as well. This democratic commitment has the added virtue of narrowing the gap between egalitarians and mainstream liberals. In addition, a nonviolence orientation can be sustained by the knowledge that it helps to keep the egalitarian movement itself more democratic; it ensures that violence-prone dominators will not take over the movement and subvert its democratic aims. As many historical cases suggest, the most violent people soon rise to the top once the possibility of violence is introduced, and they often use their loyal followers to intimidate or kill rivals.
   Most of the people who advocate strategic nonviolence are aware that it cannot work outside of what are at least quasi-democratic contexts. It is hard to imagine that strategic nonviolence would work for slaves in ancient empires, Jews in Nazi Germany, or critics in Saddam Hussein's Iraq. It did, however, play a role in the abolition of slavery in England and the United States, and the courageous activists did have a hand in the transformation of the Soviet Union. Still, dictatorships of any kind usually only fall when there are disagreements among those at or near the top, or if external challenges to the power structure give the oppressed some new openings. There are few instances where dictatorships have been overcome internally by the oppressed majority.
   But given the freedoms, civil liberties, and voting rights achieved by a long line of American egalitarians and liberals, there is no end that could be justified by violence, property destruction, or armed struggle in this country. Such actions undercut the democratic rights won by past egalitarians and play into the hands of the government, which has the power to isolate and defeat any violent movement. Furthermore, property damage and armed struggle of any kind are overwhelmingly rejected by the vast majority of the American people. Due to their appreciation of the freedoms they do enjoy, and despite the economic unfairness they recognize and experience, average Americans are repelled by violent political acts, whether by right wingers or left wingers. If the goal is to build a larger movement that connects to a strategy to take over and transform the Democratic Party, not just to force the authorities to react to one or another provocation with slight reforms, then violence makes no sense. It is therefore both immoral and counterproductive for American egalitarians to employ violent strategies. Or, as Cesar Chavez used to say about violence when he was leading the farm worker's movement, it's wrong and it's stupid.
And, for example, just walking away is a different thing than disrupting what is there. And, one can even walk away emotionally from a university, like spending more time on peer education and peer production, maybe even when one is using the dining halls and getting subsidized by the state or parents to be there. For example, one can decide to become a "B" or "C" student and slide by formally, picking an easy major, while not taking any of it seriously and engaging in extensive self-education and discussions with peers about building alternatives; or alternatively one might become an "A" student in some other major related to all these issues (urban planning? manufacturing? robotic mining?) while also studying about how the university system is dysfunctional, and not taking it seriously even as they get their "A" grades. Or, students can take a deeper interest in how the infrastructure of their university works, not to destroy it, but to improve it so it is more sustainable, as hands-on practice for helping the world, understanding that university physical infrastucture will still be useful after a global societal enlightenment. By all means, take your education seriously, but how you relate to schooling (doing your time in a social youth prison) is a different matter.
As Thich Nhat Hanh said about people, and would also apply to a university:
   "Our enemy is never another person; our enemy is the wrong perceptions and suffering within him, within her [or sometime even within ourselves about them]. When a doctor sees a person who is suffering, he [or she] tries to identify the sickness within the patient to remove it. He [or she] does not try to kill his patient. The role of the doctor is not to kill people but to cure the illness within them. It is the same with a person who had suffered so much and who has been making you suffer -- the solution is not to kill him [or her] but to try to relieve him [or her] of his [or her] suffering. This is the guidance of our spiritual teachers. It is the practice of understanding and love. In order to truly love, we must first understand. (pages 89-90) "
Students need to feel empowered to become doctors of the university. How to do that may be a difficult thing, involving requiring changing the mythology of the university (what I tried to do in writing "Post-Scarcity Princeton"). But it is more likely a path to happiness than what is advocated in the Communiqu?, I feel.
So, what I outline is very different than what they say. They suggest "occupy buildings" but then don't given in to a "reformist" concession. I say, occupy the buildings, but with new thoughts, not with bodies and barricades. :-) Seriously challenge the ideology of the establishment, in whatever creative, funny, moving, inspired way you can. And to do that may take much study (one reason universities need to get kids out so fast, before they get smart enough to resist, so education needs to start from day one, or even before the person sets foot on campus. :-) And, frankly, it is harder to think about creative non-violent alternatives than to lash out or sabotage or blockade. Often, much harder. But, it is ultimately what our society needs to do. It is even sometimes profitable. :-)
Onward to non-violently reinventing the university through p2p education, comrades. :-)
But, perhaps it is too late? We've seen young people in riots (like Greece). And police counters or provocations (like Pittsburg). More riots. And so on. Not a happy future -- the US-Iraqization of the world. :-(
It frustrates me, as I'm sure it does others, as I feel I spent decades working on at least the beginnings of an alternative way forward, if not physical stuff, at least an alternative mythology. I'm sure someone like Jacque Fresco, or before him many others (Bucky Fuller, EF Schumacher, etc.) could say the same. But, such a huge gap there. Of course, for good reasons (to the university :-), I'm not at a university to take part in this. :-( And maybe make it a little better.
"Communiqu? from an absent future" is such a problem because it gets things half-right (outlining a lot of the problem, but not much of a solution). And the solutions do not have to be that hard, although it does involve changes at the state level:
* give money to parents of kids under 18 instead of to public schools
* a basic income instead of other random assistance programs and employment * reducing or eliminating copyrights and patents
* eliminating grades * letting other changes emerge as needed (like free to the user safe luxury electric cars to reduce taxes. :-)
* increased research and development on renewable energy and green materials and other sustainable development aspects
* something long-term optimistic, like seasteading and the space program
If there is a need for the legislators to have a demonstration of public solidarity to show they are serious about wanting reform, people collectively just have to stop doing for-profit stuff for a time, or other things that cooperate with systems of oppression they don't like, while finding productive things to do with that time. Such a general strike would still have an effect, even if, soon, as systems get more automated, strikes may not matter as much.
So, for example, don't barricade university buildings, just stop caring about grades. :-)
   Or, don't fight against the university police, just cooperate with your neighbor down the hall to make more free music for the internet under a free Stop eating most of the meat the universities offer and eat more vegetables instead. Students can create their own online discussion groups and learning communities on topics of interest. And so on, as ways are thought of to turn passivity into productive activity. There are lots of ways to protest that are constructive for both yourself and your community and biosphere. Ways that may someday link together and help us transcend the old mythology of competition, grading, scarcity, ad so on. All as part of "blessed unrest".
   My feeling is that until people are protesting in all these non-violent and healthy ways, it is foolish to talk about violent and destructive protests, if it were to every make sense (as Domhoff says, it is both immoral and dubm given our social context as a democracy). And my feeling is, that with enough of this healthy protest, with meat piling up in the university kitchens uneaten, with students asking intelligent but pointed questions of economics professors knowing they are going to flunk because of it and not caring about the bad grade, with university students making free music so good that people stop listening to RIAA junk, with students making free youtube movies that are good about issues they care about related to society, with people talking about and studying alternatives together in their spare time, with people making more free cooperative games and Wikipedia articles and free software tools, with people making simulations of future societies, with all that happening, then this might even inspire some of the (tenured) faculty to come oven to the side of the future (and even fit it into formal seminars. :-) Once you have a vibrant productive student movement, and some faculty on the side of the future, then one may see more and more positive change at universities. And it would be more permanent change. And it could happen right now. By next year, there could be a more enlightened students, more sympathetic faculty, more free software, more content on how to make things, more great alternative movies, more new dances and plays, more new ideas, more alternative history, more progressive blog posts, more comments to newspaper articles, more alternative economics simulations, and so on, to the point where these sparks produce flames that are enlightening an entire society rather than burning it down.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-16 08:27:02
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The National Assembly 
That's all great news.
 From the first link it says: "It is a nationwide calamity that will affect Iceland for generations."
I don't see that. :-) We're maybe twenty years to a complete reordering of the core principles of global society, if for no other reason than increased robotics and improved materials.
Is it coincidental that student protests are happening at the same time?
Or is this all part of a larger global trend -- both as "capitalism hits the fan" and as people also have at least unconscious hopes for something much better from all the technology and information we have built up?
I look at that picture at the first link of the room with all the computer screens presumably connected to the internet, and 2D printers, and I can't be anything but hopeful. :-)
Anyway, on how to proceed using all those computers, the article says:
At the assembly itself, the masses will be broken down into groups of nine. With the help of discussion facilitators who have been trained to ensure the roundtable discussions are healthy, participants will  discuss what values defines them as a nation. To ascertain exactly how these groups of nine will arrive at a larger consensus, when each participant comes up with a proposed value ? Mr. Gudjonsson expects 20,000 ideas to be proposed ? it will be ?tagged? by that group electronically, like on a blog.
   Tags will be monitored by a backroom staff who will ascertain which values were deemed important most frequently. The top nine will be considered Iceland's moral pillars for the purposes of the National Assembly. From there, slightly larger groups will discuss how to build social frameworks ? economic, educational, justice, and health care systems ? based on these core values. For each value, the assembled groups will come up with nine ideas on how to improve society (nine, according to Mr. Gudjonsson, is an ideal number for group work.)
   Mining the data for a consensus in this section will be relatively more qualitative, but at the end of the day participants will have drafted a manifesto that will give the country a better idea of what sort of future society it would like to build. Not bad for a Saturday?s work.
That sounds like a fantastic start.
If you want to continue improving on that, my wife (Cynthia Kurtz) has written extensively on using stories (narrative) to help with that sort of thing. Here is a free online book she wrote about that:
   When you work with stories, you can ask people to tell stories about their experiences related to some subject of importance to you (and usually to them), and you can also ask them to answer some questions about those stories. When you do these things, you can find out things and make things happen that wouldn't be possible otherwise. You can:
     * find things out,
     * catch emerging trends,
     * make decisions,
     * get new ideas,
     * resolve conflicts,
     * connect people,
     * help people learn, and
     * enlighten people.
This online book is an informational resource for people who want to get started working with stories on a small scale in their communities and When you get people telling stories to each other (essentially, p2p done with stories), the whole interaction often changes, and people will often talk about things in different ways than "focus groups" or another approach that just focuses on collecting ideas. One thing that stories often convey is the emotional context for the ideas and situations described.
For example, I look at this list:
   "9 themes: Here are some of the main results from each of the categories    and while the ideas are nice, they lack the emotional connection that stories can bring. Stories help people to go from the specific to the general. So, for example, to pick one result at random, consider:
   "Formulate non-partisan comprehensive policy with emphasis on sustainable utilization, nature conservation and education"
That sounds nice, but connecting that with stories about it will be more persuasive and illuminating. So, what is a story about when some part of this did happen? Or what was a consequence of a situation when it did not?
Also, the emotional aspects of stories may help you prioritize which of these issues to focus on first. Is that issue more important to most people than, say, another item from that page:
    "research and innovation to create strong alternative industries"?
People can tell stories and then you can ask them to rate them on things like "emotional intensity". Then you can analyze the results statistically in various ways and look for trends.
And how do the two issues interlink, assuming most people deeply care about them? Sometimes stories can have themes that show how different issues overlap, like if both involved an archetype (theme) of "the innovator" or perhaps "the conservationist" for example. You can do that in other ways, but an emphasis on the narrative (story) aspect, can often help in making sense of all that. If you have you stories tagged with themes or archetypes that have emerged out of group sensemaking exercises, then you can use that information to look for more patterns and connections.
You may already have a lot of stories in what you have collected, so you may just be able to connect them up even with what you have, either as is, or with some more group exercises (perhaps on smaller or larger scales). She has these pages that might help, based around the idea of "Look, Think, Talk":
         My wife has done dozens of projects of this nature for governments, corporations, and non-profits, and the techniques can help people make sense of what they feel and believe as a community. A key aspect of what she understands is how the people in a community can themselves come to better insights through an interactive process as a community (through various semi-structured exercises), rather than just use the community to collect data and mine it later by someone else.
But, like anything, there are tricks to doing this well depending on the situation. Here is a chart about what methods work best in different situations, base on her experience:
   "Summary of method recommendations"
   For example, in many settings, it is generally best not to ask directly for stories in many settings for various reasons, so in some settings if you asked, "Please tell a story about Kreppa babies?" people might not think of something they want to say, but if you use "eliciting questions" you can often get people talking about stories anyway, like "So, you found out your friend was pregnant, and then what happened?" Examples of how to do that, depending on the context:
  (Hopefully I'm not mangling her work too much in my explanation of it or made up on-the-spot examples. :-)
So, if you do this again as another iteration, a focus on stories may help with continuing to improve your data analysis and collection, even though it seems like you have done amazing stuff already. You may be asking for stories already, of course. But most people don't. It's a slowly growing area of expertise, and there are not that many people in the world who focus on this yet, relative to the vast number of information collection projects. Many information gathering projects have a goal to extract something from the community for use by a center of power and profit-making, and so information collecting techniques have been shaped by that perspective; these narrative techniques are also often used for that, sadly, but they have the potential to help communities in other ways, and that bigger picture has been my wife's aspirations for them. Most work on stories is also about storytelling (often as propaganda), not story listening (understanding and insight), so it's not that common a perspective, even for people who know a lot about stories in other ways. And, as above, you may find you already have a lot of stories that you could do something new with, including present them back to the Icelandic community and have people rate them on things like "emotional intensity" or "estimated frequency of occurrence" or lots of other things. So, a story-based approach could be a next step to build on the data you have already collected and use it so the Icelandic community can get even more useful information.
As one caveat, her methods have generally been tuned for small groups and divisions in companies. I'm not sure how they would apply on even the scale of Iceland. You could talk to her about that.
If someone in Iceland (you, Sam, or someone who trains those facilitators) wanted to talk to her about this in more detail, feel free to contact me (or her) directly to set up a phone call or Skype chat with her.
She also has some free and open source software for small groups to share their stories with each other, but it is still in beta:
   "Rakontu is a free and open source web application that small groups of people can use together to share and work with stories. It's for people in neighborhoods, families, interest groups, support groups, work groups: any group of people with stories to share. Rakontu members build shared "story museums" that they can draw upon to achieve common goals. "
She designed it to be easy to modify to support other languages, so by editing a few template files, someone might even have an Icelandic version in not that much time. :-)
But, you can use these sorts of methods even without any specific software.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-17 20:34:05
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The one thing depleting faster than oil is the 
[quoting from George Monbiot]
Why is someone like George Monbiot so alarmist when you would think he would know better?
Cropland- About 349 million acres in the U.S. are planted for crops. This is the equivalent of about four states the size of Montana. Four crops -- feeder corn (80 million acres), soybeans (75 million acres), alfalfa hay (61 million acres) and wheat (62 million acres) -- make up 80 percent of total crop acreage. All but wheat are primarily used to feed livestock.
   The amount of land used to produce all vegetables in the U.S. is less than 3 million acres.
So, the USA has essentially no need to produce corn or soybeans, because it has no real need to eat that much meat (in fact, the USA would be far healthier if it ate less corn-fed and soy-bean fed meat).
So, I don't worry much about a corn farmer not able to farm. Most of US agriculture is unnecessary, as that article shows. So, let's say, with a little belt tightening and vegetarism, we need to only farm about one third the land we do in the USA, and everyone would be much healthier, also reducing medical expenses annually by hundreds of billions of US dollars. Equitably distributing the savings would be a matter of politics and a basic Now, how to farm that 30% we still want to farm?
Well, while he mentions electric tractors at the end, George Monbiot could have Googled "battery powered farm tractor" as I did (after a couple other tries not so good, admittedly):
   The top match:
  Electric farm tractors are a much better idea than trying to run them on biofuels because biofuels require about ten acres of a biofuels crop to produce enough diesel fuel to run a typical farm tractor, such as those below, for a year.
   The owners of the two tractors below have gone a step further and have solar-powered them. That means their tractors will run for years with absolutely no fuel expense of any kind, and produce zero pollution. In addition, these farmer won?t have to be immersed in the very noisy and poisonous area of a typical diesel-powered tractor where they would be forced to breathe diesel fumes all day long.
   Tractors are obviously a great labor-saving device for farms, and more people could invest in tractors such as these now for the current and future labor-saving, health and environmental benefits.
   EVMaine.org salutes these two pioneers for their visionary outlook, and for their unique solutions.
I get the feeling it took very little time to do those conversions, looking at the pictures.
Electric tractors used to be much bigger decades ago. There is one remaining commercial producer according to that article, but just lawn tractor sized it seems:
   But, here is a deeper issue. Lots of people like to work outdoors around plants and animals. Maybe not everyone, but certainly more than the 1% to 2% doing that now in the USA -- probably more like 10% to 30%, I'd guess, considering gardening is the most popular outdoor recreational activity, with more than 50% of households. Organic methods of agriculture might require twice the labor, but would yield more with less fossil fuel inputs. Remember, ground rock makes a good organic fertilizer; it is all you need if you have some patience.
Also, good agricultural processes that focus on healthy soil avoid soil compaction like tractors do. So, it might be better to do farming without tractors. In the 1970s, various alternative designs were made for smaller items, including things that could be put at the end of rows and which would winch a line connected to an implement. In general, most farms are electrified in the USA, and all sorts of electrical implements, either battery powered or corded could be made to do farm tasks. And probably very As I see it, the "tractor" represents an entire system of profit-maximizing exploitive centrally controlled agriculture, where one farmer owns hundreds of acres and takes all the profits themselves. Other systems, where people have smaller plots, might be more enjoyable for many of the smaller scale farmers who could use different types of equipment (including more robots).
As an example, here are three battery powered commercial robotic lawn mowers

@_date: 2009-11-18 11:10:34
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The one thing depleting faster than oil is the 
This may well be true, and certainly anything repetitive can get boring and
cause repetitive strain injury (so I'm still for automating) but it hinges
on what you consider wages that are "generally quite good".
Certainly, this sort of thing agrees with you on the surface:
"Labor shortage may leave Florida's oranges unpicked"
"As many as 6 million boxes of oranges may go unharvested in Florida this
year because of a shortage of fruit pickers made worse by fears about what
changes may come in immigration law."
No mention of wages there. Consider:
   Seasonal farm workers are hired on a day-to-day basis to perform specific
tasks, such as harvesting, planting, plant pruning, staking and tying.
Federal laws require that any worker be paid at least the minimum wage per
hour of employment. Currently, minimum wage is $5.15 per hour and
agricultural workers are entitled to this hourly rate for every hour they
are on the farm. While minimum wage laws establish a floor for hourly
earnings, piece rate hourly earnings are typically much higher since the
worker's earnings are tied directly to individual productivity. ...
The purpose of this article is to summarize the harvest performance of crews
from which data were obtained. This summary provides some evidence of
average hourly and daily earnings. The interpretation of the data is
limited, however, to only field workers harvesting during a peak production
period in southwest Florida (January 1998). ...
This summary includes thirty-one orange harvest crews from various
employers, representing 1,313 workers who harvested 107,660 field boxes (90
pounds per box) of oranges. Collectively, these harvesters worked 11,066
total hours and earned $78,720. ... Nearly half (49%) of the oranges
harvested by the sampled crews were harvested at a piece rate of $.70 per 90
pound field box. Rates ranged from $.55 up to $1.30 per 90 pound box. ...
Assume there are about 100 oranges in a box (just for round numbers), so
about ten million oranges were picked. The wages paid were about a penny an
In the USA, the median salary is around US$50K. That's presumably with some
benefits. So, that's about US$30 an hour (assuming benefits were worth US$5
an hour).
Can you show me any agricultural jobs where, say, people doing labor in
fields are getting US$30 an hour and up? US$10 an hour, maybe. Or more
likely, closer to minimum wages.
So, I think a lot of this is a wage problem. It is a lot of work for other
people, but for little pay. And considering how important food is to our
society, if we were to pay agricultural laborers similar to union
autoworkers in Detroit were, they should be getting around US$50 an hour to
do things like pick oranges or plant seedlings.
Go offer US$50 an hour to people to pick oranges at a moderate pace, and see
how fast people line up to apply. :-)
This is off the top of my head, so feel free to get better figures, but I'm
guessing a person can pick and sort at least 500 oranges an hour without too
much stress, while talking to other coworkers and having an OK time. That is
ten cents each for picking costs for a big juicy organic orange if pickers
get paid US$50 an hour. (Granted, there are many other costs to growing
oranges, but picking is a big one.) So, about ten times what those workers
were getting in 1998 (although with inflation, maybe only five to seven times?)
In the store, I already pay probably around a dollar for a big organic
orange. Maybe even more.
   So, these labor rates might not increase food prices that much, unless you
talk about all the other aspects of our food distribution system that don't
make much sense. For example, farmers might get ten cents on that dollar I
pay in the grocery store, in which case the cost of picking would be all of
it, and given other costs, clearly that would not work out.
So, the cost of the "middleman" in agriculture is enormous. It might make
more sense to focus on automating distribution at first (lower store costs)
than to focus on automating production, perhaps. Farmers markets and
community supported agriculture are two other approaches in that direction.
In general, food in the USA is too cheap (even as I think it should be
free-to-the-user :-). This is in part because not all the external costs are
paid for, whether the true cost of oil at US$500 a barrel or whatever
(considering defense costs and pollution), or the true social cost of
underpaying workers.
For the free market to work, things need to be priced at their true costs.
Otherwise we just pay more in taxes to make up for it, or otherwise create
some sort of debt burden (financial, social, environmental) for the next
generation. Of course, one issue is that the fact that many things are too
cheap in our society is that different people may pay in various ways for
cheap oranges than the ones getting the benefits from them. Still, this
effects even farmers. Maybe they have to pay a lot of taxes because people
don't pay good enough wages and so there is a lot of crime or violence or
lack of voluntary social investment in other areas of society. Of course, if
one farmer pays more, they go out of business.
So, this is a political issue to make it work. If *all* farmers were
required to pay US$50 an hour for farm day-labor, then none would be at a
comparative disadvantage. Or, if all farmers and others were taxed, and the
money given to improve society so that even poorly paid farm workers had a
good life, with access to libraries and free-to-the-consumer prepared
organic food and so on, or alternatively the taxes given as a basic income
to everyone to spend as they saw fit, then that would be another approach.
Although, no doubt, we might see a rush to automate. Then the issue is, who
should get the benefits of the automation? The farmers? The engineers? The
displaced workers? Or, maybe, everyone should share in it somehow?
In Europe, in  place like the Netherlands, agricultural workers have other
social benefits, so, they are in general happier, whether they get paid more
or less than in the USA. But, even there, there is a problem with exploiting
migrant workers:
  "In the Netherlands, there are 70,000 undocumented workers. They are mostly
employed in the greenhouses (greenhouse agriculture) where they grow
vegetables and in flower fields. One district with a lot of greenhouses is
in Westland near Den Haag. There the number of undocumented workers has
grown rapidly. In recent years, there are more Bulgarians, Polish and
Ukrainians. The bosses no longer want Turkish and Moroccan undocumented
workers because they ask for 6-7 Euros/hour while the East Europeans are
given only 3-4 Euros/hour."
Anyway, why not pay people thirty Euros? What are the implications?
How much would food prices really rise? Would other social costs and tax
burdens go down? Who would pay the costs, and who would get the benefits?
What if, say, we raised wages but decreased interest payments on the land for the greenhouses or the construction materials?
Wages and prices are the outcome of a long series of political struggles. Why should the people who claim to own land or want rent for it get so much while the day-laborers get so little? That is a political issue.
Personally, I feel it is too late to resolve those issues piecemeal anymore. A basic income movement makes more sense to me than individuals or groups struggling to get higher individual incomes.
Example, the conclusion of a longer post on that point:
"Can unions and strikes still make a difference?"
"We are possibly past the point where union actions related to single companies make much sense. If unions are to have any major role in the future, it may likely be as part of larger efforts to rethink the underlying basis of our economy and society, like by somehow being part of a national effort for a basic income, or comprehensive single-payer health care reform, or reforming education, or things like that."
Again, if we change the nature of farming, so farms are smaller, this is not
so much of an issue. Also, most farms have sunny open places, so we can
expect solar panels to make a lot of sense there to supply electricity as
the costs of such panels continue to drop. Makes me think there must already
be a business opportunity here? :-) Considering how road crews set up lights
that have solar panels on them to minimize the need to refuel generators?
There are lots of types of "farms". Maybe you might want to study this a
bit. You could google on microagriculture or market gardens and related
themes. Your argument about scale only is true within certain assumptions --
including assumptions about market access, labor availability, choice of
equipment, cost of land, and so on. Those assumptions may all change if
other aspects of our society change. And there are many profitable niches
with different assumptions even now.
Then maybe we should not be farming such places? :-) Especially if most
agricultural land is not needed given how it is used mostly to grow grain to
feed to grass-adapted ruminants and make everyone unhappy and sick? :-(
You sound extremely confident about that. What if the robots are cheap? What
if they are solar powered? What if the first thing they do is smooth out the
fields? What if one reason farm land is so rugged is that farm tractor tires
chew it up? What if robots companion-plant crops in squares instead of rows?
Robots allow looking at agricultural problems in entirely new ways, just
like they have changed how laws are mowed (every day instead of every week).
It almost seems to me like the roboticists making lawnmowers have reinvented
sheep. :-)
You use the word "efficient". Big machines are efficient in what sense? In
terms of fun? In terms of labor? In terms of minimizing soil compaction? In
terms of minimizing pollution? In terms of maximizing companion planting and
intercropping? In terms of minimizing water use? In terms of minimizing
pesticide use? In terms of maximizing the reliability of the overall food
system? In terms of financial profits given cheap oil where tax dollars pay
for externalities not paid by the farmer? In terms of maximizing safety
(farming is one of the most hazardous occupations, as people lose hands in
connecting things to power takeoffs and such)? Efficient in what sense?
So, where do you think the problems and difficulties are? And what are the
goals of society that they relate to?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-18 11:34:54
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Respect Creativity" school campaign doesn't say 
Similar brainwashing has been tried in the USA and the UK:
"RIAA's Elementary School Copyright Curriculum"
""In a blatant campaign devoid of any subtlety, the RIAA is fighting for the hearts and minds of our children with its Music Rules, a collection of education materials on how to respect copyright. The curriculum includes vocabulary such as 'counterfeit recordings, DMCA notice, "Grokster" ruling, legal downloading, online piracy, peer-to-peer file sharing, pirate recordings, songlifting, and US copyright law.' There is no mention whatsoever of fair use. Compounding the bias, it includes insights such as that taking music without paying for it is 'songlifting,' and that making copies for personal use and then playing them while your friends come over is illegal. On the bright side, it includes math showing that the total damages from copyright infringement by children in the US amount to a measly $7.8 million.""
I can't find the story about the UK just now, but there was one several years back about a similar campaign.
Even musicians are against harsher penalties:
" Musicians Oppose Anti-Piracy Measures In the UK"
A resource to struggle against that:
      Or, my satire on it:
   "There are many reasons for the value of proprietary law. You all know them since you have been taught them in school since kindergarten as part of your standardized education. They are reflected in our most fundamental beliefs, such as sharing denies the delight of payment and cookies can only be brought into the classroom if you bring enough to sell to everyone. But you are always free to eat them all yourself of course! [audience chuckles knowingly]. But I think it important to repeat such fundamental truths now as they form the core of all we hold dear in this great land."
But, ultimately, I don't think this issue will get solved struggling one by one against this craziness of artificial scarcity. We need a bigger movement that sees all these things as part of a larger problem, and looks at larger solutions, like a basic income. If we had a basic income, there would be no questions about "how do musicians make a living". They would not have to. And if they wanted more money, then sure, they might try not giving away their music or they might give live performances for fees or tips.
So, somehow, these movements need to connect together. They are all about the same thing, IMHO, with a transition to abundance despite people who have built businesses around "artificial scarcity" as well as coming up with ways to prevent people from cooperating and sharing.
   Sharing (as well as some local exchange) are fundamental parts of human community. But modern economics is not about creating happy communities full of abundance, it is about making decisions about managing scarcity:
   A definition that captures much of modern economics is that of Lionel Robbins in a 1932 essay: "the science which studies human behaviour as a relationship between ends and scarce means which have alternative uses."[3] Scarcity means that available resources are insufficient to satisfy all wants and needs. Absent scarcity and alternative uses of available resources, there is no economic problem. The subject thus defined involves the study of choices as they are affected by incentives and resources.
So, if there is an abundance of music, then music is no longer part of economics, in that sense. :-) Unless people create an artificial scarcity with the power of the state. :-( But, is not the legitimate purpose of the state to bring us all abundance? If we have abundance in some area, like music, then why should the state intervene on behalf of those who want to make money off of artificial scarcity?
It's a legitimate question to ask, how should intellectually creative people get enough money to live from in a market economy? But that is not the same question as, how should intellectually creative people get paid per song they write or per essay they produce. And, as I pointed out elsewhere,
if one asks that question about "intellectually creative people", then why should parents get any less? Is not raising the next generation even more creative and important in some ways than producing a new song, if one had to choose which is a more important occupation, even though both are important?
Anyway, we need ways to get parents, musicians, essayists, and mimes all to work together on this. :-) A basic income is one approach that changes the least at first about our current market-based economy.
  So, maybe we need an elementary school campaign about a "basic income"? :-)
If people truly "respect creativity", then they should be all for a basic income, right? Sure, respect the law, and let's change it to something more respectable. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-18 12:03:46
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Charles Fourier and Agriculture (was Re: The one 
Here is an abstract from a document about an alternative vision of agriculture related to Charles Fourier's thinking, written by Joan Roelofs.
Charles Fourier has been disdained or ignored by political scientists, even by  theorists. Some of his ideas were ?mad,? but so many others were brilliant. Now we can see  that even some ?mad? ideas were simply premature, e.g., global warming. His works are a ?whole earth catalog? of solutions to today's most intractable problems, such as agricultural labor in a democracy, environmental degradation, consumerism, loneliness, the decline of the  family, the gradual disappearance of nutritious meals (and shared mealtimes), eldercare, boredom at work, unemployment, and the fragmentation of communities by ?identity? politics.
   In 19th century United States, Fourierist and Owenite communitarian models for settling the country was taken very seriously by intellectuals, and more than 100 communities existed. Available data has barely been unearthed by political scientists; the whole movement is rarely mentioned in history books, even ?radical? ones. Both capitalism and Marxian socialism eclipsed this fruitful policy option. The disappointing experiences of technological, gigantic socialism and capitalism make the decentralized, ?small is beautiful,? scale of organization look  very attractive.
    In 1909, the U.S. Commission on Country Life found persistent problems, many the  same as those which had prompted the 19th century communitarians: the ?idiocy of rural life?  and the environmental degradation resulting from the usual methods of food production. Yet despite Progressive reform efforts, the agricultural sector today seems to offer few options other than self-exploitation family farms, chemicalized agribusiness, brutalized migrant labor, or those questionable imports.
   This paper will consider rural dysfunction, reform movements, and policy options. It will revisit the communitarian road that was taken, but then backtracked. It is now especially appropriate to reconsider Fourier, as a new translation of his Theory of Four Movements  (material, organic, animal, and social) was published in 1996, after many years without a Fourier English translation in print.
This is posted partially a continuation of the points discussed here about the social values connected to talking about agriculture and "efficiency":
So, what would a more community-oriented agriculture look like?
While it is not the same as "peer production", rethinking agriculture in a physical community promoting context like Joan Roelofs talks about (instead of encouraging isolated farm families) is related in some sense.
 From her conclusion:
A detailed communal plan for the United States requires considerable collective thought. Here are a few suggestions. A new communitarianism would be voluntary, and might recruit among farmers and would-be farmers, immigrants, homeless, single people, retirees, and 18-22 year olds (college courses both practical and impractical could be part of the community). A revived Citizen?s Extension Service could facilitate experimentation and electronic exchange of information.
   Financing could be provided initially by redirection of agricultural subsidies to sustainable cooperative farming. Educational demonstration farms are now being subsidized by the private sector through donations and foundation grants (Views 1998). Another source of capital could be communards on social wages, social security, private pensions, or inherited wealth. All-age communities, with opportunities for both recreation and part-time convivial work (e.g., canning peaches, teaching children carpentry, composing opera scores, trouble-shooting email service) could restore the dignity and economic usefulness of elders, while usefully employing their vast economic resources.
   Of course, huge sums could be liberated (and taxes become minuscule) by reducing military expenditures, now used as an economic stimulant and protection for vital supplies of bananas and oil. Healthy lifestyles and preventive health care would reverse a monumental drain on resources. Overconsumption that is pushed by advertising or pulled by loneliness would be eliminated, along with billions spent on most children?s toys, lawn care, wild bird  feeding, and much other profitable stuff that contributes little to happiness. Many wastes could become productive, such as ghost towns, ghost farms, and ghost machinery; they could be adapted and repaired in a labor-intensive, decentralized economy.
   Appropriate technology will reduce drudgery, yet reasonable expenditure of human labor is entirely rational, and currently an underutilized resource. Obesity is now endemic worldwide.  As in Fourier?s Harmony, the ideal diet would be based on horticulture and intensive farming, and include fruits and vegetables, legumes as a major protein source, and either vegan,   vegetarian, or carnivorous eating small animals, perhaps snails up to sheep. This more healthful regime changes radically the land, energy, labor, and chemical basis of agriculture. Likewise, textiles, building materials, fuel, paper, medicines, etc., could also be produced locally from cultivated, wild, or recycled resources. These projects would provide challenges to entice scientists and engineers to become communards, although all members would participate in both intellectual and manual work.
   Total self-sufficiency is not likely. Most communities would not be able to produce all their machinery, or automobiles, TVs, computers, etc. Small communal industries could be developed for cash needs: food for the local non-farm population, exotic crops for the region, manufacturing, consulting, health care, education, entertainment, etc. This is not so different from what already exists, for ?farms,? especially in the East, earn income as horseback riding and cross country ski facilities, petting zoos, children?s workshop venues, sustainable agriculture demonstration centers, sheltered workshops for developmentally disabled, summer stock theater barns, old book dealers, craft schools, meditation parlors, ?Woodstock,? etc. A communal scheme is more viable as the purchased (or bartered) goods, like Fourier?s wine vats, would be shared among many people.
   It would be reasonable, as Fourier did, to see the world as it is demographically: the shriveling of the family, and the elderly category poised for explosive growth. It makes sense to use resources that are plentiful: land (including abandoned farms), human labor (including that
of retirees and fitness bicyclists), and ingenuity. Such changes would support human and environmental health, e.g., local organic food, use of renewable resources for most needs, convivial and supportive communities, mental and physical work--in reasonable doses--for all, and short supply    It would be reasonable, as Fourier did, to see the world as it is demographically: the shriveling of the family, and the elderly category poised for explosive growth. It makes sense to use resources that are plentiful: land (including abandoned farms), human labor (including that  of retirees and fitness bicyclists), and ingenuity. Such changes would support human and  environmental health, e.g., local organic food, use of renewable resources for most needs,  convivial and supportive communities, mental and physical work--in reasonable doses--for all,  and short supply lines.
   What makes communitarianism a stronger option today is that the family farm  experiment has been run, with negative results (in seven-eighths of the cases) despite incredible natural resources, hard work, and government subsidies. All indications are that agricultural problems are getting worse, and rural communities are dying. There is currently world overproduction of food (and textiles, and most stuff) while hunger persists. These very dysfunctions were what set Fourier on his utopian quest, which began when he saw wheat  dumped in the sea to raise prices, and the urban price of apples 100 times the farm price. What he would think of the world-engulfing junk food diet cannot be imagined.
That's one vision of the future. I think with a basic income to access the parts of the economy that such a small community could not duplicate effectively locally (although 3D printing and flexible robotics might expand that very soon now), more people might choose to live is ways that move in that direction, just for fun.
In a way, it is sort of an extended form of "cohousing", even though it is more than that. Here is an example cohousing community near farm country, to show :
   A new one is forming there:
  We will live in community with EVI's first and second neighborhoods, and will be close to an organic CSA (community-sustained agriculture) farm and berry field run by residents of EcoVillage.
   We aspire to live simply, reducing costs while making ecologically responsible and non-toxic choices.  We hope to cultivate a sense of enoughness that allows us to focus on non-material assets.  We envision having time for the work that matters to each of us while enjoying our homes and each other.  We will work to include people with diverse needs, abilities, backgrounds, and finances.
   We plan to be a neighborhood of 30 homes designed to accommodate different-sized households and will have both shared and private gardens and other outdoor spaces.
There is a video on that page above. It seems to reflect a lot of the sentiments in Joan Roelof's essay.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-18 21:27:50
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The one thing depleting faster than oil is the 
>
As I suggested, try paying the equivalent of US$100K a year for 9-5 work, and see if you still have an agricultural labor shortage. :-)
Think of the logic of that. If twice as many people did the work, it would be easier.
Also, the fact that US agriculture is often in monocultures that all fruit at the same time is another problem. A diversified organic production system can distribute labor load in an area better throughout the year.
Well, the point will soon be moot because both sets of tasks will be automated. :-)
Even for pancakes:
"Flipping brilliant! Now Japan has invented a robot that can cook you pancakes for breakfast"
Except that, if you put twice as many people on the problem, the work can be regularized into first shift and second shift, or it can just be 9-5 with more equipment.
Besides, there are many jobs like road maintenance even in suburban and urban areas that are not 9-5 jobs (think snowplowing) that people are willing to do.
OK, you seem to be trying to create a circular argument. You say there is a labor shortage. I say, fine, if there is, pay people five times more or whatever. Then you say, most of agriculture is not a high skill job, and so by implication should not be paid well. Is this a country where supply and demand matter or not? If there is inadequate supply of labor, and close to 20% of the US workforce is now unemployed or underemployed, then just pay more and people will almost certainly work.
The fact is, in the USA, US$30K a year is not much, whatever you say about cost of living in rural areas (if that, and ignoring occupational hazards that could be minimized in an organic setting like pesticides or otherwise minimized with safer but more expensive production equipment). Is the price of a distant college much less if you live in a rural area? Is the cost of health insurance much less in a rural area? Is food that much cheaper? Is fuel that much cheaper? Are big TVs that much cheaper?
Pay day-laborers like union factory workers, and people will show up. :-)
But one reason farmers can't do that is that, as basic macroeconomics will admit, agriculture is a fairly mature industry, and so profits have been squeezed out. Also big agribusinesses have a lot of control over wages and working conditions relative to illegal immigrants.
Another personal generalization based on few facts.
What I am saying is that we as a society could change that, and individual farmers have been changing it for themselves, as the break free of the dogma that has been perpetuated in the past by land grant colleges that have been mainly catering to huge agribusiness concerns with their recommendations.
Organic methods are generally less risky because they produce a more consistent yield, even if a lower one than the best years of conventional methods. One way they do this is by planting varieties that are more diverse. Another way they do this is by planting many different species of plants in one farm. They also are less exposed to some variable costs related to fuel.
I know people who desperately wanted to farm and could not for all these cost structure reasons. They can be changed. But the goal of agricultural subsidies has never been to make people who want to farm happy, or to make people who eat food healthier. It has been to make the owners of big agribusiness concerns richer.
Again, organic methods for local production change some of that.
Again, organic methods change the nature of some of that.
Well, you seem to be talking a lot about conventional agriculture. I am talking about organic agriculture, as well as what could be.
There are a few other deeper issues here. Everyone expects illegal immigrants to do farm work, so no one looks into it. Everyone expects illegal immigrants to accept dangerous working conditions and low wages, so no one wants to change.
But, automation continues. Now we are reaching the point where it is getting cheaper to automate than even to pay illegal immigrants who you will poison. So economics dictates a shift to robots.
The government could step in and do that, but it is against the dominant economic mythology.
For decades people in robotics wanted to automate agriculture, but there was no significant funding for it. I've known some of these people.
Sure, our entire society faces the risk of collapse if it goes wrong, or for that matter, right. :-)
Plus, who paid to educate the engineers (such as education is). Who paid for the roads? Who paid for the research?
But really, some of this is a political and mythological argument about who is the ultimate owner of the land or the machinery. And even if that is settled in favor of the current farmers, then there is the issue of taxes, which are justified on a variety of grounds one might argue with, but we have had them for centuries.
Great. We agree on that. So, in some sense then, now we can argue whether it is exploitive by our society not to pay higher wages to illegal immigrants that our entire US economy depends on, and without whom the USA would collapse pretty quickly as a functioning society (without food, for example). See also:
   Mexican-ancestry people are not all illegal immigrants, obviously. But there is this really funny scene in the trailer where the border guard finds illegal immigrants crossing the border and start cheering. :-)
Got any links to a job posting like that? And how many are there?
"Hard time" is always relative to what you will pay and also how good your willing to make the work. More money spent on equipment can make a lot of work easier. More money spent to hire more people or train them better can make work easier. More money can motivate people to do more work (up to a point). Enough money can create cities in the middle of nowhere if you really want to.
It's laughable that Bill Gates and cohorts says Microsoft is having a "hard time" finding programmers, and so demanding a higher H1B visa quota, while not being willing to pay more, or give their programmers much creative freedom, or adapt their business model to free and open source software, or hire enough people to change their entire culture. If Microsoft wanted to pay me and a thousand other programmers US$1 million a year to do free and open source software together on robotics and manufacturing and anything else we wanted, with a contract that guaranteed whatever we wrote would be under an FSF recommended free license, sure I'd probably be willing to go work there. :-)
"With more than $20 billion in cash in the most recent quarter, and annual free cash flow of $17 billion, there is not much question that Microsoft can afford the current quarterly payout of 13 cents a share."
So, they could afford to support that thousand programmers I'd be one of for twenty years just from cash in the bank. And it might finally let them compete with Google. But will they do that? No, because there mythology is that of "cheap labor" conservatives, whatever they say about innovation:
   "Cheap Labor Conservatives Issues Guide"
   Plus, how would they explain this to the rest of their employees? They'd all want the same deal. :-)
Salaries are some equilibrium between a company having a "hard time" hiring because of not much willingness to pay high salaries or make the work environment pleasant and a potential employee having a "hard time" finding a job that pays well and is in an enjoyable work environment. Some companies can not find that equilibrium, and so disappear eventually.
What I'm saying is that we as a society are making choices, even if the choice is to throw up our hands and say, that's the way our economic system works and we can't do anything about it except starve to death amidst potential plenty. Of course we can't pay illegal immigrants tracking poison home to give their children cancer more than US$10 an hour, because the work is dirty and low-skill, even if our society could afford to pay them US$100K a year for 9-5 work with fancy equipment and food prices would barely budge. That's just mostly a matter of mythology and culture.
There certainly is a cultural dynamic at work, I'd agree. When we lived in Iowa, the governor had a campaign to go travel to places like New York and remind people who grew up in Iowa that it was a great place to raise a family. :-) And it was in many ways.
But, as you imply, there is a set of dynamics there.
But there are other issues. A young person can't enter conventional farming now without getting a million dollars or much more of land and equipment and supplies, because of the economic system we have created around farming. So, they have to be someone else's farm hand at low wages, while the farmer waits to retire and sell their land at an appreciated price for "development" or to agribusiness. Plenty of young people even in Iowa would want to farm, but there is no realistic hope for them to do it conventionally without taking on huge debts and huge risks.
Would you loan the average twenty year old a few million dollars? Maybe we should. :-)
The diesel power is only "inexpensive" because farmers are not paying the true cost of oil. That's what this thread started with, that there are systemic risks that are not priced in.
Not everything here is true (there is at least one miscalculation), but it points to some good studies:
   "The True Cost of Oil"
   Also, if you think US agriculture is the best, well, have you looked at Europe, especially the Netherlands and their greenhouse technology?
Again, when you say "lead the world", in what way? There are many types of technology with many different cost/benefit tradeoffs depending on your values and purposes and risk tolerance and economic assumptions.
Great. Conventional agriculture, it seems? You might want to look more at organic agriculture.
        "Organic agriculture is a production system that sustains the health of soils, ecosystems and people. It relies on ecological processes, biodiversity and cycles adapted to local conditions, rather than the use of inputs with adverse effects. Organic agriculture combines tradition, innovation and science to benefit the shared environment and promote fair relationships and a good quality of life for all involved.."
     ?International Federation of Organic Agriculture Movements[4]
That does not seem to be what you are talking about?
This is good book on the soil science of organic agriculture, by the way:
"Towards Holistic Agriculture: A Scientific Approach" by R.W. Widdowson
And what I am talking about is, in part, reducing energy use, which would change the economics. A key aspect of organic agriculture is reduced energy use. But, as above, there are many other aspects.
"Economically productive" by passing the negative externalities to whom? What about the salmon who can't spawn anymore because their rivers have been run almost dry, diverted to grow lettuce in the desert? What about the Native Americans who can no longer practice ancient customs catching those salmon? What about all the US Americans who pay high taxes to defend oil supply lines so that lettuce can be trucked across the country, so a head of lettuce ends up (guessing) costing US$1 on their credit card but US$3 on their tax form?
Example of the kind of controversy I'm talking about:
The goal of the Colorado River Compact was simple: equitable water allocation amongst the seven participating states: California, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming, and New Mexico. In the years since the compact was put into effect there has been considerable debate over whether this goal was achieved. This debate has been exacerbated by lawsuits between the participating states, media attention, and intensified citizen and lobbyist pressures on government agencies and officials. In recent years, this controversy has become even more prevalent with record population growth and drought alert in participating lower basin states.
Citations, please. :-)
As above, there are other ways to look at this by the organic agriculture holistic ethos of looking at the whole system.
Or, from another perspective:
The Buddhist point of view takes the function of work to be at least threefold: to give man a chance to utilise and develop his faculties; to enable him to overcome his ego-centredness by joining with other people in a common task; and to bring forth the goods and services needed for a becoming existence. Again, the consequences that flow from this view are endless. To organise work in such a manner that it becomes meaningless, boring, stultifying, or nerve-racking for the worker would be little short of criminal; it would indicate a greater concern with goods than with people, an evil lack of compassion and a soul-destroying degree of attachment to the most primitive side of this worldly existence. Equally, to strive for leisure as an alternative to work would be considered a complete misunderstanding of one of the basic truths of human existence, namely that work and leisure are complementary parts of the same living process and cannot be separated without destroying the joy of work and the bliss of leisure. ...
    While the materialist is mainly interested in goods, the Buddhist is mainly interested in liberation. But Buddhism is "The Middle Way" and therefore in no way antagonistic to physical well-being. It is not wealth that stands in the way of liberation but the attachment to wealth; not the enjoyment of pleasurable things but the craving for them. The keynote of Buddhist economics, therefore, is simplicity and non-violence. From an economist?s point of view, the marvel of the Buddhist way of life is the utter rationality of its pattern?amazingly small means leading to extraordinarily satisfactory results.
As I said with my long list of possible "efficiencies", which efficiencies are you emphasizing? Why are you not emphasizing the others? If you optimize across multiple types of efficiencies, how do you weigh them?
Anyway, a focus on the purely material ends ("food") is questionable in multiple ethical systems, especially given how much time so many people will be living with the consequences of the means.
If you would like a "mathematically-oriented" example of this, :-) consider the system used by "Places Rated Almanac" where there are various specific "facts" like the general climate of a place, the numbers of hospitals, the relative cost of housing, the availability of various types of recreation and so on, but in order to do a customized recommendation you need to decide how important each of those factors is to you. You can try a version of it online here (seemed pretty slow, so I gave up on it; I used the software many years ago on PC):
   "How PlacesRated.com Works"
  So, sure, efficient use of "finite natural resources" is important in agriculture (ignoring that we can have effectively endless fertilizer by grinding up rocks, and endless energy from the wind and the sun. :-) But how important is that relative to people having good salaries? Producing a lot of food is important, but how important relative to the reliability of production if the weather is unpredictable? The profit to the individual farmer is important, but how important relative to letting new farmers join the profession? And how do those all interact?
So, it is a multidimensional optimization, with large amounts of uncertainty and arguments over how to quantify things (human happiness?) as well as how to weigh things. Good luck getting the results to come out identical for any two people. You probably know all about this already, but:
I'm just saying, think about applying it more to basic issues in our society. :-) If it even can be applied. :-)
"Designing for Environment: A Multi-objective Optimization Framework Under Designing for environment requires consideration of several indices of environmental impact, including ozone depletion and global warming potentials, human and aquatic toxicity, and photochemical, oxidation, and acid rain potentials. Current methodologies like the generalized waste reduction algorithm (WAR) provide a first step towards evaluating these impacts. However, to address the issues of accuracy and the relative weights of these impact indices, one must wrestle with the problem of uncertainties. Environmental impacts must also be weighed and balanced against other concerns, such as cost and long term sustainability. These multiple, often conflicting, goals pose a challenging and complex optimization problem, requiring multi-objective optimization under uncertainty. The proposal addresses the problem of quantifying and analyzing the various objectives involved in process design for environments. Towards this goal proposed is a novel multi-objective optimization framework under uncertainty. This framework is based on new and efficient algorithms for multi-objective optimization and for uncertainty analysis. The multi-objective optimization algorithm will provide a set of non-dominant designs where a further improvement for one objective will be at the expense of another. This approach will find a set of potentially optimal designs where trade-offs can be explicitly identified, unlike cost-benefit analysis, which deals with multiple objectives by identifying a single fundamental objective and then converting all the other objectives into this single currency. Our proposed approach is particularly valuable in a multi-objective situation where there are a large number of desirable and important objectives which are not easily translated into dollars (e.g., human health and life, environmental impacts, and plant flexibility). In this project we will develop a novel and efficient multi-objective optimization framework under uncertainty based on the algorithms described above to solve problems where objectives are difficulty to quantify, when there is a lack of data or inaccurate data.
It's a tough problem. And it may just have to be worked out by people talking rather than cranking the numbers (because different people have different preferences), but no doubt the general numbers could help. As Places Rated Almanac shows, there often are clusters of options that may come out on top. Two decades ago, Pittsburgh did well generally, as did areas around New Jersey. Of course, that may not matter to someone who has all their family on the west coast or prefers a dryer climate or has other priorities. So, lots of factors to weigh. A simple example would be, a married couple tries to use Places Rated Almanac to pick a great city to move to, but one has family on the East coast, and one has family on the West Coast, and one likes rural areas, and one likes city areas. :-) Also, places rated focuses on cities, not rural towns, so it may be very incomplete, just like an optimization process may be incomplete if another option is always, invest more in R&D to get less tradeoffs. :-)
Example, back to the original point of this thread, related to whether or not can use electricity easily in remote places:
   Nearly eight years and a reported $250 million in venture-capital investment later, Sridhar has a working product that?s been in field trials for the past two years and is about to go on the global market, at a price he says will be competitive with existing energy options. As for results: in an ongoing trial at the University of Tennessee, a five-kilowatt Bloom box (the size of a large coffee table and capable of powering a 5,000-square-foot house) has proved twice as efficient as a traditional gas-burning system and produced 60 percent fewer emissions.
   Since the boxes are ?fuel agnostic,? customers can run them on existing propane, natural gas, or ethanol sources. But they?ll also run on plant waste, or almost anything else containing hydrogen and carbon. And the eventual ?killer app?? Processing wind- or solar-generated electricity with water to create storable oxygen and hydrogen, then reversing the process to generate electricity at night or in low-wind or cloudy conditions.
   That alone gives the technology impressive potential.
   ?If you have clean, affordable energy, you can get clean air and clean water whenever you want,? Sridhar says. ?You can make recycling affordable. You can turn latent local resources into marketable ones.?
   But the truly disruptive aspect of Bloom?s fuel cells isn?t their clean, quiet, affordable efficiency. It?s their ability to operate independent of a power grid. That?s critical for developing countries, which lack infrastructure. It could also allow Bloom to revolutionize energy-generation in industrialized nations.
   ?I want to open up access to energy the way that PCs and the Web opened up access to information,? Sridhar says. ?So people can live where they want, and still be connected, without someone telling them when they can do their laundry.? A distributed energy system would also be far less susceptible to attack or natural disaster.
So, while many people are busy saying stuff like that can't be done, here is one guy (with lots of help) doing it. :-) Or appears to if you can believe the hype.
  As with all things VC, this might be complete hype. We'll see. But sooner or later, someone will succeed at this in a very cost-effective reliable way. And there are already many such systems at higher costs and less generality.
   "Fuel cells are now available as an alternative source for renewable energy.   Unlike traditional power generators, they don't require gasoline to generate power. They also provide an alternative to solar generators because they do not depend on any external power gathering equipment. These units are compact, durable, and built to power a wide range of applications. "
That site looks so bad as to feel scammy. :-) But there is a lot going on:
   And in any case, a Stirling engine can burn most anything:
   "In contrast to internal combustion engines, Stirling engines have the potential to use renewable heat sources more easily, to be quieter, and to be more reliable with lower maintenance. They are preferred for applications that value these unique advantages, particularly if the cost per unit energy generated ($/kWh) is more important than the capital cost per unit power ($/kW). On this basis, Stirling engines are cost competitive up to about 100 So, there we have again to weigh different issues that may be hard to compare. How important is quiet to someone living in a rural area?
And a regular ICE can be adapted to run hydrogen
  Or even "wood gas":
   There is a picture on that page of a tractor adapted to run on wood.
 From there:
Wood gasifiers can power either spark ignition engines where 100% of the normal petrol can be replaced with little change to the carburation, or in a diesel engine by simply feeding the gas into the air inlet when the diesel governor automatically cuts back the diesel to fuel to between 15% - 40%. In the latter case the diesel fuel is still needed to ignite the gas. Wood can be used to power cars with ordinary internal combustion engines if a wood gasifier is attached. This was quite popular during World War II in several European and Asian countries because the war prevented easy and cost-effective access to oil. In more recent times, wood gas has been suggested as a clean and efficient method to heat and cook in developing countries, or even to produce electricity when combined with a gas turbine or internal combustion engine. Compared to the WWII technology, gasifiers have become less dependent on constant attention due to the use of sophisticated electronic control systems, but it remains difficult to get clean gas from them. Purification of the gas and feeding it into the natural gas pipelines is one variant to link it to existing refueling infrastructure. Liquification by the Fischer-Tropsch process is another    Efficiency rate of the gasifier system is relatively high. The gasification stage converts about 75% of fuel energy content into a combustible gas that can be used as fuel for internal combustion engines. Based on long term practical experiments and over 100 000 km driven with wood gas powered car, the energy consumption has been 1.54 times more compared to the energy demand of the same car on petrol (not including the energy needed to extract, transport and refine the oil from which petrol is derived). This means that 1000 kg of wood combustible matter has been found to substitute 365 litres of petrol during real transportation in similar driving conditions and with the same otherwise unmodified vehicle [2]. This can be considered to be a good result, because no other refining of the fuel is required. This study also considers all possible losses of the wood gas system like preheating of the system and carrying of the extra weight of the gas generating system.
Also, people can produce their own diesel. That was one of the aspirations of Rudolf Diesel, to make an engine that people could produce their own fuel for locally, rather than gasoline that was harder to make.
   "The diesel engine has the benefit of running more fuel-efficiently than gasoline engines. Diesel was interested in using coal dust [5] or vegetable oil as fuel, and his engine, in fact, was run on peanut oil.[6] Although these fuels were not immediately popular, during 2008 rises in fuel prices coupled with concerns about oil reserves have led to more widespread use of vegetable oil and biodiesel. The primary source of fuel remains what became known as diesel fuel, an oil byproduct derived from refinement of petroleum."
Though best known for his invention of the pressure-ignited heat engine that bears his name, Rudolf Diesel was also a well-respected thermal engineer and a social theorist. Diesel's inventions have three points in common: they relate to heat transfer by natural physical processes or laws; they involve markedly creative mechanical design; and they were initially motivated by the inventor's concept of sociological needs. Rudolf Diesel originally conceived the diesel engine to enable independent craftsmen and artisans to compete with industry.[8]
So, there we have an inventor deciding to weigh some perceived social value or idealized society more than pure immediate profit.
Anyway, so with all those options, the scaremongering about Peak Oil as regards agriculture is bunk. Here is my "worst case" scenario: farmers will just go out in the barn, weld on some ugly looking wood gasifier to their tractors, and about 1% of the farmers will die when the jury rigged thing explodes in the rush to switch over, and the rest will go on farming and pay their respects to their unfortunate neighbor's family and maybe help out for a time with the plowing over there. Maybe they might produce half as much because they need to power the tractor. But, that just means the meat in the stores is all grassfed, which you and Ryan have said is better for us, if we eat meat at all.
By the way, we used to get our grassfed beef here a few years back:
   Lasater Grasslands Beef is great tasting because our cattle are finished on grass; they spend their entire lives grazing in open pastures and are never confined in feedlots or fed grain. They are not given growth hormones or low-level antibiotics and are not treated with pesticides.
   We have been ranching for more than a century, looking at our surroundings holistically instead of in parts. One of the most valuable lessons we?ve learned is that everything in Nature has a purpose... the ant, prairie dog, the coyote, the porcupine... This lesson governs every aspect of our business. We refuse to compromise when it comes to Nature?in a very real sense, she is our most valued business partner and the source of our business philosophy.
   Call us smart or call us crazy?we always look for a way to do the job naturally with the resources that nature gave us.
But we're more and more vegetarian these days, although we do sometimes get Applegate farms hotdogs, and we eat some fish. And an occasional meal out like at Panera bread or Subway when I order roast beef sandwich and feel a little guilty about it. :-( Nobody's perfect, especially since perfection is relative to expectations. :-) By the standards of how I was raised, meat at every meal, breakfast, lunch, and dinner, I'm doing much better, maybe once or twice a week or so, on average (some weeks more, many weeks less. :-) I remember the first week I went without eating meat in my twenties. It was amazing to still be walking around not having eaten any meat for a whole week, kinda like it felt the first time I used SCUBA gear and was actually still breathing underwater. Such an odd idea.
Anyway, during WWII supposedly the general health in England went up from an improved diet with all the restrictions. Example comment:
In Britain, the diet upon which millions of the poorer people depended before WWII was very inadequate. At the time of the General Strike, for example, the working class often had to live on a basic selection of bread, lard, potatoes and tea. Once WWII started, however, such national policies as the giving over of land for use as so-called 'victory gardens' and allotments, plus a more equitable distribution of what food there was thanks to the policy of 'rationing', meant that a lot of people were eating significantly better, and quite a few people were no longer eating too much.
My own shy suggestion is that 'if everyone ate the way they did during WWII', a significant number of people - those who currently subsist on crisps, coke, fries and burgers etc - would become healthier. But an equally significant number of other people with more sensible diets probably wouldn't.
Sometimes it takes something like a disaster to shock people out of a "pleasure trap":
"The Pleasure Trap: Mastering the Hidden Force That Undermines Health & But ideally, it can be done in other ways.
I have little doubt that if a Peak Oil storm really hits, we'll all pull together and be better of for it -- except for the few farmers whose wood gasifiers explode, and the rest of the community for that loss. :-(
So, if we convert slowly away from oil now, then maybe we will avoid those sort of last minute everything-in-a-rush accidents.
But, as I see it, we'll be converting soon anyway, especially as more and more people understand the true cost of oil, and as more and more people envision societal alternatives, and as more and more people make alternative energy systems like Nanosolar or maybe Bloom Power (was Ion America before, apparently). Maybe Dean Kamen's Stirling engine will be the big success?
   This Stirling engineW - developed by Dean KamenW - uses any heat source to produce electricity. It is about the size of a washing machine and produces 1 kW. Iqbal Quadir, the founder of Grameen PhoneW, conducted a six-month field trial, ending in September 2005. "This is a reliable machine," he says. Kamen?s goal is to produce machines that cost $1,000 to $2,000 each. Under the Grameen model, they would be owned by entrepreneurs (funded by microcredit from the Grameen BankW). Quadir sees this as a better model than a single large power plant, in that it creates many entrepreneurs. Kamen thinks the waste heat of this device could be used to operate his other invention, the Slingshot water purifier.
We have endless technical options, even if some of them might require changing our lifestyle (but maybe not all of them). Our deepest problems are social and mythological at this point, IMHO.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-18 22:51:10
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Internet, 
"The Internet, Broadband and Foreign Policy: Cyber Cuba"
"Is Internet the technology with the capacity to enhance and liberate human potential, knowledge, understanding and cooperation among nations? Or, is it one more  instrument to be used, as in the past, to maintain and extend the unequal exchanges and power relations that have existed between the nations of the world? That is a struggle that is presently fought throughout the world. Is Internet a public forum or is it a commercial enterprise? That is the debate going on in the United States and other capitalist societies.[12] It is a struggle within Cuba itself, where national self determination and American hegemony confront each other in numerous and not so obvious ways."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-20 21:57:49
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Writes Wikipedia?  (blog post by Aaron Swartz) 
From someone (Aaron Swartz) who ran an analysis on Wikipedia contributions in 2006, and found results different than Jimmy Wales suggested:
   "Who Writes Wikipedia? (Aaron Swartz's Raw Thought)"
   When you put it all together, the story become clear: an outsider makes one edit to add a chunk of information, then insiders make several edits tweaking and reformatting it. In addition, insiders rack up thousands of edits doing things like changing the name of a category across the entire site ? the kind of thing only insiders deeply care about. As a result, insiders account for the vast majority of the edits. But it?s the outsiders who provide nearly all of the content. ...
   Wales is right about one thing, though. This fact does have enormous policy implications. If Wikipedia is written by occasional contributors, then growing it requires making it easier and more rewarding to contribute occasionally. Instead of trying to squeeze more work out of those who spend their life on Wikipedia, we need to broaden the base of those who contribute just a little bit.
   Unfortunately, precisely because such people are only occasional contributors, their opinions aren?t heard by the current Wikipedia process. They don?t get involved in policy debates, they don?t go to meetups, and they don?t hang out with Jimbo Wales. And so things that might help them get pushed on the backburner, assuming they?re even proposed.
   Out of sight is out of mind, so it?s a short hop to thinking these invisible people aren?t particularly important. Thus Wales?s belief that 500 people wrote half an encyclopedia. Thus his assumption that outsiders contribute mostly vandalism and nonsense. And thus the comments you sometimes hear that making it hard to edit the site might be a good thing.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-21 02:27:40
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Feedback on a Summary/Explanation of John Maynard 
These are notes on a link Ryan mentioned to me as a good summary of Keynes' ideas by Aaron Swartz, available here:
"A Summary/Explanation of John Maynard Keynes? General Theory"
I'm just putting this to refer to it later. Most people here probably won't want to read this. :-) Ryan might be. Essentially though, it is my post-scarcity perspective on a summary of a book by John Maynard Keynes, as a sort of stream of consciousness, where I pick out some parts as I read it and reacted to them. Sometimes my reaction is more things they made me think about than reacting directly to the points in them.
This note is so long (about 93K) that anyone replying would have to break it up and trim most of it, given a 100K limit or so for this mailing list, or their reply will not go through.
All things in quotes below are a section of that page. Those are mostly just summaries of stuff Keynes wrote by Aaron Swartz, or sometimes Keynes' actual words (nested further in quotes). My notes are after. I included some material from that page to give context as to what my comments were inspired by.
Equals signs separate sections, I tried to keep it to one quote and one response between those equal signs. Sometimes there are several comments in relation to different parts of the same "section".
For reference on Keynes:
   "As a man of the centre described as undoubtedly having the greatest impact of any 20th century economist,[19] Keynes attracted considerable criticism from both sides of the political spectrum. In the 1920s, Keynes was seen as anti establishment and was mainly attacked from the right. In the "red 1930s" many young economists favoured Marxist views even in Cambridge,[11] and while Keynes was engaging principally with the right to try and persuade them of the merits of more progressive policy, the most vociferous criticism against him came from the left who saw him as a supporter of capitalism.  From the 1950s and onwards most of the attacks against Keynes have again been from the right."
The book itself being discussed is available online here:
   While writing this I had idle thoughts of going back to school for a PhD in economics at a place nearby. :-)
   "The Department offers courses in traditional fields such as introductory economics, microeconomics, macroeconomics, econometrics, and international economics. In addition, the Department's teaching and research includes specialized fields such as ecological economics, the economics of technological change, the economics of energy, research and development, monetary theory and policy, and financial regulation.  "
But the feeling eventually passed. :-) Especially when in my hubris I thought I'd like to be learning about this by giving the classes on it. :-)
But I just don't think I could take the boredom of slogging through historic model after historic model that was missing obvious things now. Still, maybe it might be made into fun if I coded up each model as a simulation?
I do think it would be fun to build computer models about all this. Or hang out with some people like that for a time. A nice list of all the types of simulation approaches out there these days:
  Related by me:
"[p2p-research] FOSS modeling tools (was Re: Earth's carrying capacity and Even in my notes below, my thoughts seem to keep coming back to computer simulations on these economic issues, maybe individual based models like was done at Brookings. It would be nice to be able to experiment on some of these themes, and maybe refine some ideas and also make them more persuasive, same as simulations have been proving useful in biology to study ecology and evolution and gain insight into various processes. That's my version of Andrew's point about wanting a mathematical basis for P2P. :-)
Keynes may well address issues I bring up in his other writings; if he has, feel free to point it out (also, I was working mostly from the summary, not the original, so another source of confusion).
Essentially, Keynes seems to assume (with some of these reading between the lines, others he says explicitly):
* people won't do good stuff unless they are paid to do it
* the only right way to get stuff or services is to buy them
* the only right way for people to get money is to earn it working
* the quality of the actual "work" in terms of enjoyability is ignored
* like most economists, promoting "community" is ignored
* it is good that banks are the first to get newly created money
* supply should come before demand
* innovation is not an important issue to consider in economies
Keynes was writing in 1935, so I'll cut him some slack on that last point, unlike the other ones. :-) But taken together, those points suggest why Keynes does not have that much to say about a P2P economy -- even though his writing is worth reading for its own sake as good writing by an obviously creative and playful mind who had a profound effect on global politics.
It seems like Keynes almost got post-scarcity though. He kind of saw it a little, in that he saw abundance was an implication of healthy economic policy. He talks about aspects of policy that might lead up to abundance and how it would change the value of money, but did not quite see how to get there or what it might look like, perhaps because of the above assumptions.
But, I'm writing almost a century later, and I have read a lot of sci-fi like by James P. Hogan written decades after Keynes' "General Theory", so I'm "standing on the shoulders of giants" here. :-)
   --Paul Fernhout
=== Book I: section 2
There are two obvious problems with this. First, people may refuse to work for a lower nominal wage when they?ll accept working for a lower real (i.e. inflation-adjusted) wage. That is, if management decides to pay people $4 an hour instead of $5, people might go on strike, but nobody ever goes on strike demanding a raise because the cost of milk has gone up. (So inflation might actually be a better solution than wage cuts.)
   Second, if wages go down, then the cost of making things goes down, which means that prices go down, which means that in real terms wages end up staying about the same.
In general, there is an issue about how people have lots of ways to spend their time, like with friends, family, hobbies, subsistence activities, and volunteerism, and so "paid work" competes with those other things. So, in choosing whether to "work" you weigh all of that.
As we think about a future economy or p2p society, where opportunities to do these alternative things increase, it may be even harder to get people to want to do paid work where someone tells you what to do. For example, right now the internet makes staying at home a lot more interesting than it used to be for most people. I read one article suggesting that people were not trying so hard to get new jobs because the internet was so entertaining, and so cheap to use.
So, it is not just a supply and demand of labor and work. It is also a supply and demand for entertainment, where paid work competes with other interesting things to do.
==== Book II: section 3
     "The completeness of the [classical] victory is something of a curiosity and a mystery. It must have been due to a complex of suitabilities in the doctrine to the environment into which it was projected. That it reached conclusions quite different from what the ordinary uninstructed person would expect, added, I suppose, to its intellectual prestige. That its teaching, translated into practice, was austere and often unpalatable, lent it virtue. That it was adapted to carry a vast and consistent logical superstructure, gave it beauty. That it could explain much social injustice and apparent cruelty as an inevitable incident in the scheme of progress, and the attempt to change such things as likely on the whole to do more harm than good, commended it to authority. That it afforded a measure of justification to the free activities of the individual capitalist, attracted to it the support of the dominant social force behind authority."
     "But although the doctrine itself has remained unquestioned by orthodox economists up to a late date, its signal failure for purposes of scientific prediction has greatly impaired, in the course of time, the prestige of its practitioners. For professional economists, after Malthus, were apparently unmoved by the lack of correspondence between the results of their theory and the facts of observation;?a discrepancy which the ordinary man has not failed to observe, with the result of his growing unwillingness to accord to economists that measure of respect which he gives to other groups of scientists whose theoretical results are confirmed by observation when they are applied to the facts."
     "The celebrated optimism of traditional economic theory, which has led to economists being looked upon as Candides, who, having left this world for the cultivation of their gardens, teach that all is for the best in the best of all possible worlds provided we will let well alone, is also to be traced, I think, to their having neglected to take account of the drag on prosperity which can be exercised by an insufficiency of effective demand. For there would obviously be a natural tendency towards the optimum employment of resources in a society which was functioning after the manner of the classical postulates. It may well be that the classical theory represents the way in which we should like our economy to behave. But to assume that it actually does so is to assume our difficulties away."
I'll agree with what Keynes said there. Very insightful, especially as a meta-reflection on the social dynamics of academia in 1935. And has it gotten any better since? Or maybe, worse? It still rings very true today.
And also, even in 1935: "insufficiency of effective demand".
==== Book II: section 4
"We can?t measure net output, but we can count the number of people employed. In general, if more people are working then more stuff is getting made, although this obviously isn?t a perfect connection. But employment is kind of a more interesting number and it will have to do."
Lots of ways that people can make work for each other -- bureaucracy, war, crime, competition, confusion, and so on... One third of every US health care dollar goes to bureaucracy.
==== Book II: section 4
"As problematic as this is, Keynes points out that it?s a lot more realistic than the classical theory, which just seems to magically assume everyone is paid in proportion to their productivity. By subsuming more efficient people with their machinery, Keynes says he better deals with the usual case, which is that the increase in efficiency goes to their boss (who owns the machines). And when more efficient workers actually are paid more, he takes that into account as noted above."
A key point in the Triple Revolution memorandum is disagreeing with the classical economic assumption that the the right to consume would magically distributed across society somehow. Thus they recommend doing it explicitly, with some form of basic income.
"The Triple Revolution memorandum"
As a first step to a new consensus it is essential to recognize that the traditional link between jobs and incomes is being broken. The economy of abundance can sustain all citizens in comfort and economic security whether or not they engage in what is commonly reckoned as work. Wealth produced by machines rather than by men is still wealth. We urge, therefore, that society, through its appropriate legal and governmental institutions, undertake an unqualified commitment to provide every individual and every family with an adequate income as a matter of right.
   This undertaking we consider to be essential to the emerging economic, social and political order in this country. We regard it as the only policy by which the quarter of the nation now dispossessed and soon-to-be dispossessed by lack of employment can be brought within the abundant society. The unqualified right to an income would take the place of the patchwork of welfare measures ? from unemployment insurance to relief ? designed to ensure that no citizen or resident of the United States actually    We do not pretend to visualize all of the consequences of this change in our values. It is clear, however, that the distribution of abundance in a cybernated society must be based on criteria strikingly different from those of an economic system based on scarcity. In retrospect, the establishment of the right to an income will prove to have been only the first step in the reconstruction of the value system of our society brought on by triple ==== Book II: section 5
Either way, new expectations don?t always take effect immediately (if you just opened a new store and then decide it wasn?t worth it, you don?t immediately close it). And the process of adjusting can have some odd effects: if you need to quickly ramp up production, you might keep hiring until you have more employees than you really need in the long-run. You use the extra people to get you up to speed, then you lay them off. The result is ?a gradual crescendo in the level of employment, rising to a peak and then declining to the new long-period level.? This can happen even if you don?t expect to sell more things, but just a slightly different thing: you ?overhire? to get up to speed on the new model, but then fire people until you?re back down to your previous level.
    "An uninterrupted process of transition, such as the above, to a new long-period position can be complicated in detail. But the actual course of events is more complicated still. For the state of expectation is liable to constant change, a new expectation being superimposed long before the previous change has fully worked itself out; so that the economic machine is occupied at any given time with a number of overlapping activities, the existence of which is due to various past states of expectation."
   That said, today?s decisions are based on the conditions of today and expectations about tomorrow ? not on past expectations or the conditions of the past. And, in practice, people don?t calculate their expectations from scratch each morning. They keep doing what they did yesterday unless they have a reason to change. Long-term expectations can?t be easily checked, so when they do change, they often change suddenly. Thus they can?t even be approximately estimated.
Insightful, and beginning of talking about people's mental models, as well as feedback issues and timeconstants and inertia. And the possibility for sudden change of long term expectations. A lot of cybernetic ideas here.
On hiring, people may hire a lot to then pick the best fit for their company after evaluating performance. (Because performance depends in part on physical and mental health, as well as philosophical outlook, and also deference, employers are evaluating all that indirectly, which is not so obvious from an employment interview and may be illegal to ask about.)
Also on hiring, what if it makes more economic sense (or requires less management) to buy a machine to do the work? Or even try to "crowdsource" it? That is a different problem than Keynes thought much about. But it is the issue our society more and more faces now with robots and AI and the internet and the free culture movement.
===== Book II: section 6
"When you?re producing something, there are a couple of things involved. One is the amount of capital and equipment and so on you use up, which we?ll call the user cost. Another is the amount you pay to employees and other companies and so on, the factor cost. These two combined are the prime cost. The entrepreneur?s income is the value of his output less the prime cost ? that?s what he tries to maximize."
Confusion of physical and fiat dollars under one word "capital". This problem is woven throughout mainstream economics.
==== Book II: section 6
"[AS: I?ve been saying businesses because I find it clearer, but Keynes actually says entrepreneurs. I think I also use this kind of interchangeably with capitalists. Sorry.]"
Difference between a model of reality and reality itself.
People believing in a model and acting on it may make the model more true One may have a different model but still accept you need to interact with people working from a different model. And you must then think about what model they have of your model. And what their model is of your model as far as their model. Etc? :-)
===== Book III: section 8
?The fundamental psychological law,? he says, is that, on average, the amount people spend increases as the amount they make increases, but not as quickly. (If you make $50K a year, you might spend $40K of it. If you make $1M, you might spend $500K of it. Obviously a lot more in absolute terms, but far less proportionately.) And this is especially true in the short-term ? people?s habits take time to catch up with their incomes.
   But this means that as national income increases, a smaller proportion of it will get spent, so more of it will have to be invested. And when national income falls, a larger proportion gets spent as people dip into savings and governments go into deficit. This is fortunate, because lower consumption also means lower income (when people buy less, businesses make less, so they pay you less). If consumption fell at the same rate as income, we?d fall into a downward spiral: lower consumption would mean lower income, which in turn would mean lower consumption, and soon we?d all be out of a job.
Important to understand feedback cycles. And cybernetics.
   "Cybernetics is the interdisciplinary study of the structure of regulatory systems. Cybernetics is closely related to control theory and systems theory. Both in its origins and in its evolution in the second-half of the 20th century, cybernetics is equally applicable to physical and social (that is, language-based) systems."
I talk about that here, in terms of three levels of modelling for rethinking    ==== Book III: section 8
?Consumption ? to repeat the obvious ? is the sole end and object of all economic activity.? What are we making things for if not to use them? People can either be put to work making things for people to use today or making things for people to use tomorrow, but that tomorrow ?cannot be pushed indefinitely into the future.? After all, an hour of labor cannot be ?saved? and put into a bank for a rainy day! If people are out of work now, the time they?re wasting will never be recovered. [AS: This is truly brilliant. It?s hard to convey the excitement I felt when reading this.] Saving money for the future is not the same as making things for the future ? it?s only the latter that?s useful.
Ignores that fact that work may be more or less pleasurable or more or less personally developing depending on the type of work or the work environment. Work can also be play and education. Related:
"The Three Boxes of Life and How to Get Out of Them: An Introduction to Life/Work Planning" by Richard N. Bolles
Richard Bolles (also writes "What Color is Your Parachute") advises on how individuals can integrate work, play, and learning into every year of their life (as opposed to school for years, work for years, retire for years). But, I don't recall him talking about how to change society so that happens naturally for everyone? This is obvious an issue economist neglect. Like Bob Black says, no one wants to talk about "work" itself, just who will do it and how much different people will get out of that.
   === Book III: section 8
"Another way to look at it is the more stuff we make for tomorrow, the less stuff we need to make tomorrow. And then what do we do? At some point we just need to consume more stuff."
Or, people become satiated or "satisfice" in some area and focus higher up in "Maslow's hierarchy of needs" like to be social, be respected for contributions, or to be creative and self-actualizing (the last may be facilitated by leaving paid employment for many).
      ==== Book III: section 8
People seem to recognize this when it comes to government making stuff. ??What will you do,? it is asked, ?when you have built all the houses and roads and town halls and electric grids and water supplies and so forth which the stationary population of the future can be expected to require??? But the same logic applies to private investment. What will we do when we?ve built all the factories the people of the future can be expected to use?
   Money can?t survive on its own. If we don?t ever spend it, it becomes Exactly. And in fact, to draw a different conclusion then implied, money does become worthless in a post-scarcity economy. And not just worthless like a confederate dollar (ignoring historical value to collectors), but worthless as in people don't think about it much or let their behavior be governed by it.
===== Book III: section 10
"But spending can have negative effects as well. [AS: Keynes apparently has government investment ? i.e. stimulus ? in mind here, although he never really comes out and says it.] If the interest rate goes up, that will slow investment. If people lose ?confidence? because of all the spending, they may decide to hold onto their money. And some of the money can ?leak? out to other countries. But this just weakens the multiplier, it doesn?t eliminate it."
I've reached section  but I begin to lose interest as he talks about "interest". :-) And other monetary policy.
General beginning of a feeling that there is a  confusion in Keynes' work between cybernetic levels from mixing physical stuff, with human actions, with fiat dollar ration unit kanban tokens, lumped together in some sort of commonality called capital or cost or money or something like that. :-)
==== Book III: section 10
But, still good stuff ahead:
"?Pyramid-building, earthquakes, even wars may serve to increase wealth, if the education of our statesmen on the principles of the classical economics stands in the way of anything better.?"
Because inflation from printing money (or countering deflation) is an unavoidable tax on the wealthiest as far as they hoard currency? Or because it justifies direct taxation to move control of resources from the wealthy to the poor who become workers?
Keynes is dancing around the idea of a basic income, but won't admit it because it would be against the culture he is in, assuming work is only done if it is motivated by a need to eat or, after the belly is full, greed and ==== Book III: section 10
"(Keynes goes on to contrast gold-mining with building new houses which, being actually useful, has the side effect of decreasing the rent of old ones.)
     "Ancient Egypt was doubly fortunate, and doubtless owed to this its fabled wealth, in that it possessed two activities, namely, pyramid-building as well as the search for the precious metals, the fruits of which, since they could not serve the needs of man by being consumed, did not stale with abundance. The Middle Ages built cathedrals and sang dirges. Two pyramids, two masses for the dead, are twice as good as one; but not so two railways from London to York. Thus we are so sensible, have schooled ourselves to so close a semblance of prudent financiers, taking careful thought before we add to the ?financial? burdens of posterity by building them houses to live in, that we have no such easy escape from the sufferings of unemployment. We have to accept them as an inevitable result of applying to the conduct of the State the maxims which are best calculated to ?enrich? an individual by enabling him to pile up claims to enjoyment which he does not intend to exercise at any definite time. [emphasis added]"
Yes. See, here in deep insight. Not building physical things for a post-scarcity future where money does not matter because the economic model says not to. He is seeing the madness. It seems the economic model is defending itself. The mythology is defending its own existence and dominance. The memes are self-perpetuating by being a self-fulfilling prophecy.
===== Book IV: section 11
"Of course there?s lots of different things you can invest in; we?re assuming that you do whatever maximizes your expected return. And obviously you?ll keep borrowing money and investing it until your expected return reaches the market rate of interest."
Ignores risk of economic change and cultural change. Ignores obsolescence.
===== Book IV: section 11
"(Tyler Cowen, in his critical comments on the General Theory is struck by a throw-off clause in this chapter: Keynes says that it?s unlikely interest rates will go up if people expect inflation, since if people expected  ?This simple yet powerful point doesn?t get the attention it ought to.  Storage costs for goods and services may eliminate this paradox but perhaps not completely. It is striking how few economists have thought this problem through.?)"
New science sees investment ideas as spreading like a virus -- memetics. So, there are lags.
===== Book IV: section 12
"As we noted before, capitalists invest if they expect future sales to be high. But how do they know what future sales will be? ?If we speak frankly, we have to admit that our basis of knowledge for estimating the yield ten years hence of a railway, a copper mine, a textile factory, the goodwill of a patent medicine, an Atlantic liner, a building in the City of London amounts to little and sometimes to nothing; or even five years hence.?"
And it is even worse almost a century later.
===== Book IV: section 12
In olden days, what happened was that rough-riding men of business thought taking risks was manly and invested their money as a way of life. They got it in their head that they were going to build a railroad, and by Jove they did. They didn?t sit down and calculate whether they could have made more money buying bonds instead. Bonds are for wusses.
   But now people invest their money in the stock market, which revises its profitability estimates minute-by-minute. ?It is as though a farmer, having tapped his barometer after breakfast, could decide to remove his capital from the farming business between 10 and 11 in the morning and reconsider whether he should return to it later in the week.? And since much new investment money is raised on the stock market, it?s these estimates which influence new investment.
But there is some truth to it. There are something like hundreds of trillions of dollars in currency-like things sloshing around in the global financial systems. They can buy and sell farm hour to hour. Part of the crisis may be exactly this. The theory and abstract and mythical has overwhelmed the practice and specific and physical.
===== Book IV: section 12
   "This is the inevitable result of investment markets organised with a view to so-called ?liquidity?. Of the maxims of orthodox finance none, surely, is more anti-social than the fetish of liquidity, the doctrine that it is a positive virtue on the part of investment institutions to concentrate their resources upon the holding of ?liquid? securities. It forgets that there is no such thing as liquidity of investment for the community as a whole. The social object of skilled investment should be to defeat the dark forces of time and ignorance which envelop our future. The actual, private object of the most skilled investment to-day is ?to beat the gun?, as the Americans so well express it, to outwit the crowd, and to pass the bad, or depreciating, half-crown to the other fellow."
Very insightful. And another aspect of transitioning to a post-scarcity world? Also, the cost of competition as a mindset?
====== Book IV: section 12
   "Or, to change the metaphor slightly, professional investment may be likened to those newspaper competitions in which the competitors have to pick out the six prettiest faces from a hundred photographs, the prize being awarded to the competitor whose choice most nearly corresponds to the average preferences of the competitors as a whole; so that each competitor has to pick, not those faces which he himself finds prettiest, but those which he thinks likeliest to catch the fancy of the other competitors, all of whom are looking at the problem from the same point of view. It is not a case of choosing those which, to the best of one?s judgment, are really the prettiest, nor even those which average opinion genuinely thinks the prettiest. We have reached the third degree where we devote our intelligences to anticipating what average opinion expects the average opinion to be. And there are some, I believe, who practise the fourth, fifth and higher degrees."
See earlier comment on models. Which I revised a little after reading this.
===== Book IV: section 12
"And we return to the problem that many of our economic decisions depend on our ?spontaneous optimism,? our ?animal spirits,? our ?urge to action rather than inaction,? not ?the outcome of a weighted average of quantitative benefits multiplied by quantitative probabilities.? This means not only that slumps get exaggerated (since they depress animal spirits, worsening the slump) but that economic performance depends to a large degree on keeping businessmen happy. If electing FDR gets them depressed, they might pull back their investments and send the economy into a slump. This isn?t a conspiracy, it?s just the natural outcome of a system that depends on rich people feeling good. ?In estimating the prospects of investment, we must have regard, therefore, to the nerves and hysteria and even the digestions and reactions to the weather of those upon whose spontaneous activity it largely depends.?"
What kind of way is that to run an economy planning for an abundant future?
A system that depends on rich people feeling good? But, yes, from my own experience, I would say that is what we have.
===== Book IV: section 13
"OK, so we have the following model: more money reduces the interest rate (as long as liquidity preference doesn?t go up faster), lower interest rates increase investment (as long as expected return doesn?t fall faster), more investment leads to more employment (as long as the propensity to consume doesn?t fall faster), and if employment increases prices will rise which can increase liquidity preference and thus require more money.
   The public can?t control the amount of hoarding, since that?s necessarily equal to the amount of cash. All it can do is change the price of hoarding ? the interest rate."
Sounds too simplistic. There may be lots of other factors. What we need to do is to make economics an experimental science. That is difficult to do in reality, but simulations of individuals (Individual Based Modelling) like was done at Brookings could help.
"Growing Artificial Societies: Social Science From the Bottom Up"
Much of it might still be speculation, and garbage in, garbage out, but at least we could test these simple rules economists suggest and see if they are sensitive to minor changes in assumptions or adding in some other behaviors.
===== Book IV: section 13
"[AS: And so this is the famous paradox of thrift. While each person thinks they?ll do better off by saving money instead of spending it, if a whole country decides to save their money, they?re all worse off, since nobody will have a job.]"
That seems quite true. It would be interesting to simulate this.
There might be p2p implications, as a sort of inverse. When people hoard all their own copyrights, they are worse off. When they share them with each other as a commons, everyone is better off, and there is a true gift economy. But if only a few share, and everyone else is a free rider, and then uses the extra information to harm the few gift givers (but still keeping a proprietary economy going), then the gift givers might be worse off. There may be some critical thresholds here. Axelrod looked into some of this in "The Evolution of Cooperation" using computer simulations and an iterative prisoner's dilemma contest.
==== Book IV: section 14
"It?s difficult to get people to realize that investing money doesn?t actually lead to an increase in investments. The problem is that capitalists aren?t buying capital per se, they?re buying an expected yield. They don?t care how good the machine is at making widgets, what matters is whether they can make money selling the widgets. If interest rates go up, it no longer becomes possible for them to make money, even though the machine remains This is one big difference from Jacque Fresco's Resource Based Economy.
==== Book IV: section 16
OK, so we?re in a liquidity trap. There are all sorts of practical problems with lowering interest below zero, so instead what happens is that, in laissez-faire, employment falls to reach the new low levels. The only thing that can save us is if ?millionaires find their satisfaction in building mighty mansions to contain their bodies when alive and pyramids to shelter them after death, or, repenting of their sins, erect cathedrals and endow monasteries or foreign missions.? That?s no way to run a country. ...
   So the government will print money to keep the interest rate at a level corresponding to full employment. Presumably this means that interest rates will become very low (although you don?t want them so low that nobody?s making things to sell today). But as interest rates get lower, it becomes profitable to invest in building things with smaller and smaller expected    If this happens, then it seems likely that within a generation expected return will reach zero [AS: !!] and everything will reach its marginal cost.
   This gets rid of the most objectionable features of capitalism ? people could still become rich by saving money, but there would be nothing left to invest it in, so their money wouldn?t ever grow. It would be the end of the rentier ? the rich person who grows richer by using his wealth to exploiting This is the famous part about printing our way out of a recession. But, the big question is, who gets the money first, as essentially a gift? A basic income to citizens? Or the banks? Or spent to hire workers on public projects? Or given to private business as subsidies to hire workers?
Somehow this last pant links to creating a post-scarcity economy, where money does not matter. However, I think it puts too much emphasis on cash and bonds. There are other forms of wealth like stocks and land which allow one to more directly control what is being done. So, there will still be a value for those with cash to buy things and then do things with them. But the aspiration will be more aesthetic and "product-oriented" than "profit-oriented". (Product-oriented being a term used on the P2P and OM list by ).
=== Book IV: section 17
The big problem is that money is the one thing market processes can?t adjust. 1) You can?t just go ahead and make it ? it can?t be ?grown like a crop or manufactured like a motor-car.? 2) You can?t reclaim it from use for other purposes ? it doesn?t have any. (Land can?t be grown either, but if we really needed to we could free some up by moving closer together. 3) It?s very easy to store ? it doesn?t spoil. Which is why the suggestion of making it spoil (by printing money with expiration dates, etc.) are on the right track.
   Otherwise, our only relief comes from printing more money.
     "Thus in the absence of money and in the absence ? we must, of course, also suppose ? of any other commodity with the assumed characteristics of money, the rates of interest would only reach equilibrium when there is full employment. Unemployment develops, that is to say, because people want the moon; ? men cannot be employed when the object of desire (i.e. money) is something which cannot be produced and the demand for which cannot be readily choked off. There is no remedy but to persuade the public that green cheese is practically the same thing and to have a green cheese factory (i.e. a central bank) under public control.
     It is interesting to notice that the characteristic which has been traditionally supposed to render gold especially suitable for use as the standard of value, namely, its inelasticity of supply, turns out to be precisely the characteristic which is at the bottom of the trouble."
Ah, now I see the rationale for leaving a gold standard.
Basically, the economic control system had this dysfunction. There is a need for "kanban tokens" to make the system work by signaling demand, but gold has a fixed amount to make kanbans. So, by printing fiat dollars, which cannot be counterfeited under penalty of law and imprisonment, you now have a system where the number of Kanban tokens can be adjusted up or down as needed. (There is still the issue of where the tokens should be placed first when they are created, or how they should be moved sometimes by the government, taxed from one part of the economic factory where they might be piling up and placed somewhere else in the economic factory that needs Alternative currencies, LETS system, and even barter (the token passed around is a social obligation), are similar ideas to make more kanban tokens.
Still, there are other approaches than an exchange system. A resource based economy. A gift economy. A subsistence economy.
=== Book IV: section 18
"18: Keynes restates the theory."
The exact words of the restatement can be found here:
Some obvious issues in the first paragraphs from there:
We have now reached a point where we can gather together the threads of our argument. To begin with, it may be useful to make clear which elements in the economic system we usually take as given, which are the independent variables of our system and which are the dependent variables.
   We take as given the existing skill and quantity of available labour, the existing quality and quantity of available equipment, the existing technique, the degree of competition, the tastes and habits of the consumer, the disutility of different intensifies of labour and of the activities of supervision and organisation, as well as the social structure including the forces, other than our variables set forth below, which determine the distribution of the national income. This does not mean that we assume these factors to be constant; but merely that, in this place and context, we are not considering or taking into account the effects and consequences of changes in them.
   Our independent variables are, in the first instance, the propensity to consume, the schedule of the marginal efficiency of capital and the rate of interest, though, as we have already seen, these are capable of further    Our dependent variables are the volume of employment and the national income (or national dividend) measured in wage-units. ...
   The schedule of the marginal efficiency of capital depends, however, partly on the given factors and partly on the prospective yield of capital-assets of different kinds; whilst the rate of interest depends partly on the state of liquidity-preference (i.e. on the liquidity function) and partly on the quantity of money measured in terms of wage-units.  Thus we can sometimes regard our ultimate independent variables as consisting of (1) the three fundamental psychological factors, namely, the psychological propensity to consume, the psychological attitude to liquidity and the psychological expectation of future yield from capital-assets, (2) the wage-unit as determined by the bargains reached between employers and employed, and (3) the quantity of money as determined by the action of the central bank; so that, if we take as given the factors specified above, these variables determine the national income (or dividend) and the quantity of employment. But these again would be capable of being subjected to further analysis, and are not, so to speak, our ultimate atomic independent On the second paragraph: People have preferences at what they work at. They also learn and grow on the job as well as off it, and the internet is speeding that. The pace of invention and innovation in our society is accelerating exponentially, it seems, both as regard better materials and designs, but also as regards better automation, robots, AI, computing, and networking. So, even if Keynes' model may have been very useful in 1935, it is certainly out of date now to ignore those things. Those issues of human learning and technical change are now essential to future useful economic Related, to show that point, from my wistful musing on a PhD in this: :-)
The other focal area for Rensselaer's department of economics is technological change, the dynamic process at the root of economic growth. The bulk of economic growth - 87.5% according to Nobelist Robert Solow's (1957) initial estimates, stems from technological change: improvements in efficiency and effectiveness of industry. And Solow's estimates do not even correct for the "hedonic" price changes needed to account for improvements in products' features and quality, nor for the development of new goods and services. To understand how to achieve the kinds and amount of economic growth we desire, we must understand technological change and its role in the industries where it occurs.
On the fourth paragraph: By assuming that the volume of employment is a dependent variable, Keynes' has assumed away anything interesting in terms of other sorts of economic planning, like a more centrally planned Buddhist Economics approach to full employment like EF Schumacher wrote about.
On the last paragraph there (I ellipsed one), it is clear that the entire theory is resting on assumptions about "human nature" in a sense. About things like whether demand by healthy users for goods and services is limited or unlimited.
==== Book V: section 20
"We?ve said that employment ultimately comes from demand. So why should the government promote investment instead of demand? It?s because investment comes first. If you give people money to buy more (say) iPods, then first all the existing iPods get sold. This raises the price, which makes Apple richer but doesn?t help any employees ? and Apple likes to save its money much more than its employees do. Eventually they begin to run out of iPods and start investing in additional factories to make more. And then those factories hire people to work there, who spend their wages on other things. It works, it?s just slow ? if you want to get people employed quickly, you?re better off starting with building the factories."
But, that assumes a few things. First, who gets the money first, as a sort of gift from the goverment that creates the Kanban tokens? If you give it to the banks or industry first, the distribution of social power is different than if you give it to the citizens first.
Also, it seems like China these days can popup a new factory in weeks, or at most months. Why can't people in the USA do that? Besides, if you build capacity first, you can't be sure there is demand. People might prefer to buy laptops instead of iPods. Or they might prefer to pay for services like restaurant meals. If you believe in the free market, you should let the citizens decide what they want to buy. Granted, in theory, the businesses are guessing what people want and producing for that, but it still puts the control more in the hands of the businesses than the citizens.
==== Book V: section 21
"How does money influence demand? Primarily thru the rate of interest, which depends on liquidity preferences, marginal efficiencies, and investment multipliers. But these all depend on other complicating factors."
I just can't see that. It sounds fancy, but when average people have money in their hands, they spend it (up to a point of diminishing returns).
There may also be some sort of mental shift in at least three ways.
One is when people think they have enough to stop buying for themselves. Another is when people think they have enough to give to help others. Another is when people think they have enough to start thinking like an ==== Book VI: section 22
"Because these things go together, they?re sometimes mistaken as the cause, but note that it?s the expected return which falls first, then interest rates rise."
Just using this as an example of the qualitative modeling process that is going on, focusing on cybernetic issues of delays, orderings of activities, cause and effect, and so on. (And a bit of fuzzy logic in the formal Lotfi Zadeh sense?) So much focus on what causes what. But, what if, ultimately, they all cause each other? :-) This is where individual based modelling could help, to study the system in operation, poke at it, and profile how it responds in various ways to gain insight into it. Steve Bankes talks about this at RAND (gaining insight from models, not so much using them to directly predict what happens).
Just think about it. This really smart guy, John Maynard Kenyes, is basically trying to do these simulations in his head, based on making some assumption along the way, looking at a few paths with only one actor standing in for a swarm of them, so, one "consumer", one "worker", one "business sector", and so on, limited by what he can keep in his mind in 1935. We can do so much more now (not to underestimate what one mind can do, but the computers can help, as basically a fancy blackboard).
Examples from physics:
   "MyPhysicsLab ? Physics Simulation with Java"
      "List of Physics Games"
   ==== Book VI: section 22
So even lowering interest rates isn?t enough to recover from the crash. And ?it is not so easy to revive the marginal efficiency of capital, determined, as it is, by the uncontrollable and disobedient psychology of the business world. It is the return of confidence, to speak in ordinary language, which is so insusceptible to control in an economy of individualistic capitalism. This is the aspect of the slump which bankers and business men have been right in emphasising, and which the economists who have put their faith in a ?purely monetary? remedy have underestimated.?
That psychology thing again... :-) And I agree. But such a difference from a "Resource Based Economy" or a "Gift economy" or a "subsistence economy" (even as those might have their own social psychological issues).
==== Book VI: section 22
"But there?s two kinds of overinvestment: disappointing investments, where the investment would have made sense except the economy collapsed, and genuine overinvestment, where the investment could never have made money. It?s only the second kind that?s an actual waste of resources, and the solution to it isn?t raising interest rates ?which would probably deter some useful investments and might further diminish the propensity to consume, but in taking drastic steps, by redistributing incomes or otherwise, to stimulate the propensity to consume.?"
I probably agree with the redistributing income, as a basic income. :-)
As an aside, from a resource perspective, the first part of this is problematical in terms of saying what sorts of investments are a "waste of resources". Capital lumps together the real physical tools and goods with the imaginary fiat dollars (or even their gold equivalent, which are maybe just thought to be important based on imaginary value for exchange, not real value for use). Even if an investment pays back, negative externalities like pollution might make it bad for society. Or if an investment does not payback, positive externalities like jobs created or new ideas or cleaning up pollution might make it good for society. The word "externality" is not on that webpage at all.
Not sure what Keynes had to say about externalities?
Doing a Google search, came across:
   "Negative Externalities and Dueling Economists"
   "Keynes on cutting the payroll tax in a downturn"
I think negative externalities accrue when we disparage poor expert consensus in a way that doesn't clearly lead to advocating for better expert    As for unearthing an old Keynes letter, I understand it may be fighting fire with fire, but really, I think the economics and legal profession should move away the prerational human tendency to want to derive policy wisdom from interpreting the texts of ancestors. Let's leave that to religious fundamentalism.
   I'm more intrigued by the empirical work of folks like Romer and Barro and others, than the dueling sacred texts of Keynes and Mises.
Also came across, from 1998:
"Keynes and the neoclassical synthesis: Einsteinian versus Newtonian "This remarkable book offers a critical assessment of the Neoclassical Synthesis, long regarded as the standard interpretation of Keynes. It offers a fresh interpretation of Keynes, drawing an unusual distinction between Einsteinian and Newtonian macroeconomics."
==== Book VI: section 22
Why does redistributing income work? Think about the dot-com bubble where everyone was blowing money on useless fiber-optic cable. If venture capitalists are spending all their money on useless cable, the solution is to take their money away. Instead, you can give it to poor people, who will use it to buy useful things like food and clothing.
   What happens isn?t so much excessive investment as misdirected investment. Everyone builds houses thinking they?ll all sell for lots and lots, then they find they aren?t actually selling for so much and the economy collapses. ?We reach a condition where there is a shortage of houses, but where nevertheless no one can afford to live in the houses that there are.?
Makes sense to me. But somehow I feel the issue must be deeper. It has to do with control and democracy as well. In a way, people are not politically free unless they are economically secure (and a basic income provides that).
There is something here about "utility". What is the some of successfully met desires across society? You would think it would be higher if resources and control were more evenly spread around than concentrated in a few points. Unless, one might argue, the few concentration points were somehow making better decisions than the masses, and were making good decisions on behalf of the masses (like what products to make, or what jobs to create).
==== Book VI: section 22
"In short, increasing interest rates to kill booms ?belongs to the species of remedy which cures the disease by killing the patient.?"
Except I've heard a lot of talk about that in the past decade from the Fed, worrying about "inflation". But they are not very Keynesian these days, are they? Neoliberalism?
==== Book VI: section 22
What would the world of the permanent boom look like? It?s conceivable that it might lead not just to full employment, but full investment ? a world with so much plenty that you couldn?t expect to make a profit on any kind of durable good. ?Moreover, this situation might be reached comparatively soon?say within twenty-five years or less. I must not be taken to deny this, because I assert that a state of full investment in the strict sense has never yet occurred, not even momentarily.?
So, that is moving to post-scarcity?
==== Book VI: section 22
"Others say the problem is that the country is so unequal that poor people can?t spend enough. The solution, they propose, is redistributing money to the poor to promote jobs."
Maybe a moral argument is enough for a basic income? We just want everyone to have at least the basics? Even if it destroyed jobs, it might be the right thing to do, morally.
==== Book VI: section 23
"The classical school ? including Keynes in earlier years ? grew up mocking mercantilism (protectionism) as incoherent and absurd. But maybe it makes some sense: Growth depends on the inducements to new investment. Investment is either foreign or domestic. Domestic investment is encouraged by the interest rate and foreign investment by the balance of trade. Thus, if you ignore direct investment by the government (as people had), these are the two things to be concerned about."
Domestic investment can be encouraged by people just wanting to do things. :-) Like "Blue Origin" started by Jeff Bezos. :-)
   Or Willow Garage:
   Or any charitable foundation, for that matter.
Now, he was writing in 1935. But the existence of a large non-profit sector shows that people will do things without a desire for profit. They may still have to balance their books somehow, but they don't need to come out ahead ==== Book VI: section 23
"But the worst part of the international gold system is the way it sets countries against one another. For a country could only keep its citizens employed if it had gold, and the only way to get gold was by taking it from another country (and thus throwing them out of work). ?Never in history was there a method devised of such efficacy for setting each country?s advantage at variance with its neighbours?!?"
Interesting. Another kanban issues. The economy can't work because they don't have enough officially produced kanban tokens with widespread acceptance to make the stigmergic market operate.
   "Kanban is a signaling system to trigger action. As its name suggests, kanban historically uses cards to signal the need for an item. However, other devices such as plastic markers (kanban squares) or balls (often golf balls) or an empty part-transport trolley or floor location can also be used to trigger the movement, production, or supply of a unit in a factory. It was out of a need to maintain the level of improvements that the kanban system was devised by Toyota. Kanban became an effective tool to support the running of the production system as a whole. In addition, it proved to be an excellent way for promoting improvements because reducing the number of kanban in circulation highlighted problem areas.[2]"
What is the difference between golf balls and gold coins in practice? Other than gold coins are harder to counterfeit than golf balls? That's the difference between the gold standard and fiat dollars. I'll go this far. There is not difference between fiat dollars and those kanban golf balls. They are the same thing, used for the same purpose. And you can build a digital factory control system that uses digital tokens instead of real ones, just like we can build a digital banking system that moves virtual dollars around instead of paper ones.
More from wikipedia:
Many manufacturers have implemented electronic kanban systems.[5] Electronic kanban systems, or E-Kanban systems, help to eliminate common problems such as manual entry errors and lost cards.[6] E-Kanban systems can be integrated into enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems. Integrating E-Kanban systems into ERP systems allows for real-time demand signaling across the supply chain and improved visibility. Data pulled from E-Kanban systems can be used to optimize inventory levels by better tracking supplier lead and replenishment times.[7]
As it says there, "reducing the number of kanban in circulation highlighted problem areas". Is that what happens in a downturn? I'm not sure how that information is used in kanban systems.
More from Wikipedia:
An important determinant of the success of production scheduling based on "pushing" the demand is the quality of the demand forecast which can receive such "push". Kanban, by contrast, is part of an approach of receiving the "pull" from the demand. Therefore the supply, or production is determined according to the actual demand of the customers. In contexts where supply time is lengthy and demand is difficult to forecast, the best one can do is to respond quickly to observed demand. This is exactly what a kanban system can help: it is used as a demand signal which immediately propagates through the supply chain. This can be used to ensure that intermediate stocks held in the supply chain are better managed, usually smaller. Where the supply response cannot be quick enough to meet actual demand fluctuations, causing significant lost sales, then stock building may be deemed as appropriate which can be achieved by issuing more kanban.
Centrally planned economies may focus on push (from forecasts). Market economies focus on pull from demand indicated by willingness to spend fiat dollars for some item (which then pulls along the entire supply chain all the way back to raw material extraction). So, when someone goes to the store and buys an iPod, that person is effectively pulling on a really long string which branches endlessly into all areas of the economy, and that pull is transmitted by the flow of the fiat dollars in exchange for goods and services throughout every interface between companies in the economic system. (And, even internally, companies may have divisions that pay each other, too, as an internal kanban system.)
But, this is why Keynes is wrong to focus on giving the dollars to the companies first to build production, and then hire workers, so the workers then have wages to buy the production. Again: "In contexts where supply time is lengthy and demand is difficult to forecast, the best one can do is to respond quickly to observed demand. This is exactly what a kanban system can help: it is used as a demand signal which immediately propagates through the supply chain."
The problem is seeing the gold coin or fiat dollar as "wealth" as opposed to just a signal. And the issue is then, how do you give people permission to transmit signals in a reasonable way given other constraints on the system (resources) and an expectation about human nature if humans need to be motivated to work inside the system?
But with robots and AI and better materials and better design, less and less do people need to be working inside the economic machine.
==== Book VI: section 23
"It is convenient to mention at this point the strange, unduly neglected prophet Silvio Gesell (1862-1930), whose work contains flashes of deep insight and who only just failed to reach down to the essence of the matter. In the post-war years his devotees bombarded me with copies of his works; yet, owing to certain palpable defects in the argument, I entirely failed to discover their merit. As is often the case with imperfectly analysed intuitions, their significance only became apparent after I had reached my own conclusions in my own way. Meanwhile, like other academic economists, I treated his profoundly original strivings as being no better than those of a crank. Since few of the readers of this book are likely to be well acquainted with the significance of Gesell, I will give to him what would be otherwise a disproportionate space."
And also:
Keynes also discusses Bernard Mandeville?s incredible book, The Fable of the Bees. This incredible work of economic thought described the division of labor and the invisible hand in 1705, a full seventy years before Adam Smith. And, Keynes points out, it?s largely about the paradox of thrift ? centuries before Keynes! It?s basically been written out of economic history, in part, no doubt, because it was written in the form of a scandalous satirical epic poem. Indeed, it so scandalized its readers at the time that it was ?convicted as a nuisance by the grand jury of Middlesex in 1723, which stands out in the history of the moral sciences for its scandalous reputation.?
Maybe both those comments relate to me on post-scarcity with my satire? :-)
   I forget who said this: "Sometimes you need to go a long way out of your way to go a few steps correctly". Pogo?
     Probably something I read in my class yearbook over two decades ago. Anyway, this essay is all those wrong steps. :-) But this work is freely licensed (see the end) so feel free to use it to help go a few steps correctly. :-) If I were to write it over, I'd try to be more upbeat about how PU was making steady progress towards a better future (from where it and our society was coming from). I hope someone can do that, and perhaps just show this essay is perhaps a dark shadow from the past.
=== Book VI: section 23
Finally we come to Major Douglas, who led the unorthodox Social Credit movement in the UK: ...
 From that chapter by Keynes:
"Since the war there has been a spate of heretical theories of under-consumption, of which those of Major Douglas are the most famous. The strength of Major Douglas?s advocacy has, of course, largely depended on orthodoxy having no valid reply to much of his destructive criticism. On the other hand, the detail of his diagnosis, in particular the so-called A + B theorem, includes much mere mystification. If Major Douglas had limited his B-items to the financial provisions made by entrepreneurs to which no current expenditure on replacements and renewals corresponds, he would be nearer the truth. But even in that case it is necessary to allow for the possibility of these provisions being offset by new investment in other directions as well as by increased expenditure on consumption. Major Douglas is entitled to claim, as against some of his orthodox adversaries, that he at least has not been wholly oblivious of the outstanding problem of our economic system. Yet he has scarcely established an equal claim to rank ? a private, perhaps, but not a major in the brave army of heretics ? with Mandeville, Malthus, Gesell and Hobson, who, following their intuitions, have preferred to see the truth obscurely and imperfectly rather than to maintain error, reached indeed with clearness and consistency and by easy logic, but on hypotheses inappropriate to the facts."
Social Credit is a form of "basic income". It is interesting to see Keynes dismiss it one of the originators of the idea.
   According to Douglas, the true purpose of production is consumption, and production must serve the genuine, freely expressed interests of consumers. Each citizen is to have a beneficial, not direct, inheritance in the communal capital conferred by complete and dynamic access to the fruits of industry assured by the National Dividend and Compensated Price.[2] Consumers, fully provided with adequate purchasing power, will establish the policy of production through exercise of their monetary vote.[2] In this view, the term economic democracy does not mean worker control of industry.[2] Removing the policy of production from banking institutions, government, and industry, Social Credit envisages an "aristocracy of producers, serving and accredited by a democracy of consumers."[2] Assuming the only safe place for power is in many hands, Social Credit is a distributive philosophy, and its policy is to disperse power to individuals. Social Credit philosophy is best summed by Douglas when he said, ?Systems were made for men, and not men for systems, and the interest of man which is self-development, is above all systems, whether theological, political or    The policy proposals of Social Credit attracted widespread interest in the decades between the world wars of the twentieth century because of their relevance to economic conditions of the time. Douglas called attention to the excess of production capacity over consumer purchasing power, an observation that was also made by John Maynard Keynes in his book, The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money.[4] While Douglas shared with Keynes some criticisms of the monetary and banking systems, his unique remedies were disputed and even rejected by most economists and bankers of the time. Remnants of Social Credit still exist within Social Credit Parties throughout the world, but not in the purest form originally advanced by Major C. H. Douglas. Likewise, the Keynesian Revolution of the 1940s and 1950s was eventually eroded by neoclassical economists and banking interests. Now as Keynes' ideas seem the most generally accepted response to the Financial crisis of 2007?2009,[5] modern analysts like Richard C. Cook argue the need for a renewed interest in the long dormant ideas of Major Although, that still misses ideas from EF Schumacher, Charles Fourier, and Bob Black that the nature of the work itself means a lot to the worker who spends much of their life doing it. Making worktime fun, social, a growth experience, and joyful is a big deal. One could even invert the paradigm -- what a worker does outside of work is only to prepare him or her to be able to work. It is the work experience that matters to a person's quality of life. :-)
And now I see that Douglas said the same thing I worked out almost a century later in relation to kanban:
   Douglas also criticized classical economics because it was based upon a barter economy, whereas the modern economy is a monetary one. To the classical economist, money is a medium of exchange. Douglas argued that this may have once been the case when the majority of wealth was produced by individuals who subsequently exchanged it with each other. But in modern economies, division of labour splits production into multiple processes, and wealth is produced by people working in association with each other. For instance, an automobile worker does not produce any wealth (i.e., the automobile) by himself, but only in conjunction with other auto workers, the producers of roads, gasoline, insurance etc.
   In this view, wealth is a pool upon which people can draw, and the efficiency gained by individuals cooperating in the productive process is known as the ?unearned increment of association? ? historic accumulations of which constitute what Douglas called the cultural heritage. The means of drawing upon this pool are the tickets distributed by the banking system.
   Initially, money originated from the productive system, when cattle owners punched leather discs which represented a head of cattle. These discs could then be exchanged for corn, and the corn producers could then exchange the disc for a head of cattle at a later date. The word ?pecuniary? comes from the Latin ?pecus,? meaning "cattle".[11] Today, the productive system and the distributive/monetary system are two separate entities. Douglas demonstrated that loans create deposits, and presented mathematical proof in his book Social Credit.[12] Bank credit comprises the vast majority of money, and is created every time a bank makes a loan.[13] Douglas was also one of the first to understand the creditary nature of money. The word credit derives from the Latin "credere", meaning "to believe". "The essential quality of money, therefore, is that a man shall believe that he can get what he wants by the aid of it."[14]
   Douglas believed that money should not be regarded as a commodity but rather as a ticket, a means of distribution of production[15] "There are two sides to this question of a ticket representing something that we can call, if we like, a value. There is the ticket itself ? the money which forms the thing we call 'effective demand' ? and there is something we call a price opposite to it."[15] Money is effective demand, and the means of reclaiming that money are prices and taxes. As real capital replaces labour in the process of modernization, money should become increasingly an instrument of    Douglas also claimed the problem of production, or scarcity, had long been solved. The new problem was one of distribution. However; so long as orthodox economics makes scarcity a value, banks will continue to believe that they are creating value for the money they produce by making it scarce.[16] Douglas criticized the banking system on two counts:
    1. for being a form of government which has been centralizing its power for centuries, and
    2. for claiming ownership to the money they create.
The former Douglas identified as being anti-social in policy.[17] The latter he claimed was equivalent to claiming ownership of the nation.[18] Money, Douglas claimed, was merely an abstract representation of the real credit of the community, which is the ability of the community to deliver goods and services, when, and where they are required.
All the same stuff I've been thinking, but I have the benefit of reading about all this from many sources, and even maybe forgetting some and rethinking it and then reading it again. :-) And I've seen that page before but not read it all.
But those were criticism I just made of Keynes. Who gets the money that is created *first*?
Douglas's A+B theorem sounds a little like what I wrote about (I think on the OM list) where, rather than what he did, I broke all payments into two categories -- for "labor" and for "rent". I wrote on the p2p list too:
And it made it on the blog:
Other; I could not find the exact one I was thinking of:
And somewhere I talked about workers essentially "renting" their bodies and minds, so labor is a form of rent too, except a consciousness goes with that renting for the worker (that might not like the work), but no consciousness goes for the capitalist (or not much, they may pay attention to an property they own occasionally).
Douglas had written:
"A factory or other productive organization has, besides its economic function as a producer of goods, a financial aspect?it may be regarded on the one hand as a device for the distribution of purchasing-power to individuals through the media of wages, salaries, and dividends; and on the other hand as a manufactory of prices ? financial values. From this standpoint, its payments may be divided into two groups:
     Group A - All payments made to individuals (wages, salaries, and      Group B - All payments made to other organizations (raw materials, bank charges, and other external costs).
What I had said elsewhere was to break payments into two things at each level. So, you have a paint factory. What part of the money goes to labor and what part to rent? Well, directly, you have labor costs. And you may pay rent for the land the factory is on. But, you buy things like machinery to mix paint. Well, that machinery cost then goes into labor and rent too. There is the labor to put it together, and the rent for the land that factory is on, or the rent on some patent that is used. But the machine is made from materials or other parts, which similarly can be broken down into rent and labor. Then one can talk about the equity of this. Even for labor it is not clear -- why should one laborer get more than another? There may be justifications, but they are just that, justifications, and they depend on assumptions and values. As to rent, again, how you feel about it depends on assumptions and values. What I don't know for sure is, looking at anything I have purchase, what part of the price went to labor and what part went to rent? If I knew that, I might buy differently (to promote labor). Paying for labor may be justified. But rent is essentially just paying for artificial scarcity, to someone not adding much to the product. Note, what is called "rent" for "renting" a building may not actually be all "rent" in this sense, since the building has upkeep. And then one can talk about "risk" versus "rent", and whether risk justifies rent somehow.
Actually, if I had to pick a model, maybe it would be better to say everything costs because of rent, not everything costs because of labor. :-) Because of saying a laborer is renting their body and mind and consciousness.
The social credit issue is, by what reasoning are various rents arrived at and considered valid? And when can the state take part of the rent for its own purposes or to redistribute it? What is the state's ownership role when someone rents a piece of land they claim to own? What is the state's ownership role when a person rents their body, that they can claim some of the income as taxes?
Still, neither capture the idea that "ownership" itself might be taxable. :-) So, if you own some land (or some cash) and you are not renting it and so have no income, does the state still have a right to nibble away at it with property taxes? I'd suggest, from what I agree with Keynes on, that yes, it's probably a good idea, to help keep those assets moving through the economy and prevent long-term hoarding. Although, is hoarding currency different than hoarding land? Currency demurrage is related to this.
  So, maybe government is charging "rent" on the idea of "ownership" when it taxes property?
Then should workers have to pay a "head tax", because they rent their bodies and minds? Somehow, that seems wrong. Maybe it could be considered covered in the basic income? :-)
=== Book VI: section 24
"The two great economic problems are unemployment and inequality. We have addressed the first, but what are its implications of the second? Inequality has been addressed somewhat by government redistribution, but some are hesitant to go further because they believe that growth is promoted by savings and so taking away the savings of the rich will retard growth. We have seen that it?s quite the opposite ? that redistribution, by increasing effective demand, promotes growth. ?One of the chief social justifications of great inequality of wealth is, therefore, removed.?"
So, more support for a basic income.
=== Book VI: section 24
   "Now, though this state of affairs would be quite compatible with some measure of individualism, yet it would mean the euthanasia of the rentier, and, consequently, the euthanasia of the cumulative oppressive power of the capitalist to exploit the scarcity-value of capital. Interest today rewards no genuine sacrifice, any more than does the rent of land. The owner of capital can obtain interest because capital is scarce, just as the owner of land can obtain rent because land is scarce. But whilst there may be intrinsic reasons for the scarcity of land, there are no intrinsic reasons for the scarcity of capital. An intrinsic reason for such scarcity, in the sense of a genuine sacrifice which could only be called forth by the offer of a reward in the shape of interest, would not exist, in the long run, except in the event of the individual propensity to consume proving to be of such a character that net saving in conditions of full employment comes to an end before capital has become sufficiently abundant. But even so, it will still be possible for communal saving through the agency of the State to be maintained at a level which will allow the growth of capital up to the point where it ceases to be scarce."
   "I see, therefore, the rentier aspect of capitalism as a transitional phase which will disappear when it has done its work. And with the disappearance of its rentier aspect much else in it besides will suffer a sea-change. It will be, moreover, a great advantage of the order of events which I am advocating, that the euthanasia of the rentier, of the functionless investor, will be nothing sudden, merely a gradual but prolonged continuance of what we have seen recently in Great Britain, and will need no revolution."
So, maybe a way forward to post-scarcity? From 1935?
Still, even if interest is at zero, if you borrow, you must pay back. If you own the money, you can spend it without thoughts of repayment. So, taxation to keep money circulating is very different than expecting people to borrow. It just emotionally is a different issue. Even as, perhaps, logically it might be the same. But when you borrow, you generally have to sign contracts, and those contracts may limit how you can spend the money. So, there are deeper issues here about control.
=== Book VI: section 24
   "Thus we might aim in practice (there being nothing in this which is unattainable) at an increase in the volume of capital until it ceases to be scarce, so that the functionless investor will no longer receive a bonus; and at a scheme of direct taxation which allows the intelligence and determination and executive skill of the financier, the entrepreneur et hoc genus omen (who are certainly so fond of their craft that their labour could be obtained much cheaper than at present), to be harnessed to the service of the community on reasonable terms of reward."
But see there, he can't just allow for taxes and giving it to citizens to spend as they wish. It has to be that the state purchase the services of someone for some state-decided end. The magic of the market is that people decide what they want from what's available, and other try to guess what people will want (or, sadly, through advertising increase people's wants perhaps unhealthily). So, Keynes is implicitly arguing "the state knows best" here as far as how to spend that money that is taxed (or printed). Giving it to the citizens directly seems more democratic.
Is there perhaps an undue fear from this comment?
   A democracy cannot survive as a permanent form of government. It can last only until its citizens discover that they can vote themselves largesse from the public treasury. From that moment on, the majority (who vote) will vote for those candidates promising the greatest benefits from the public purse, with the result that a democracy will always collapse from loose fiscal policies, always followed by a dictatorship. ... (Lord Thomas MacCauley, May 23, 1857)
But, is that really true? That was said almost a century before Keynes. And Keynes seems to actively rebut that ideas. What Keynes is suggesting is that prosperity comes exactly from such votes. Neoliberalism, giving tax cuts to the rich, has proved disastrous, compared to the 91% marginal tax rate the USA had under President Franklin Roosevelt.
   So, the facts and Keynes both seem to dispute Lord Thomas MacCauley and his Neoliberal successors like Alan Greenspan and even our current mainstream financial leaders who draw from an Ayn Rand-like form of Propertarian === Book VI: section 24
   "It may turn out that the propensity to consume will be so easily strengthened by the effects of a falling rate of interest, that full employment can be reached with a rate of accumulation little greater than at present. In this event a scheme for the higher taxation of large incomes and inheritances might be open to the objection that it would lead to full employment with a rate of accumulation which was reduced considerably below the current level." I must not be supposed to deny the possibility, or even the probability, of this outcome. For in such matters it is rash to predict how the average man will react to a changed environment.
I see more clearly now. Keynes needs to focus on "full employment" because, unlike Bob Black, he can't accept the value of "full unemployment" which would be possible with a basic income and extensive automation or, alternatively, restructuring work to make it into play or "hard fun".
There is some sort of "work ethic" at the core there. This sense that income has to be linked to jobs. Maybe that is another aspect of rejecting the idea of giving government printed money (well, there was none on the gold standard) directly to citizens? Giving it to banks to loan to companies to then hire workers fits with this model of an ideal that people need to work to earn a right to consume -- so, a scarcity model. And again, a likely assumption that people will not do anything useful without pay. Except then, why do people raise children without pay? That has got to be a more demanding task than many others.
But, at least, he admits he does not know.
But here is a paradox. Many of the wealthy people he talks about have no need to work their entire lives, even with high taxes, because they have so much money. Then why do they work so hard to have more money? Even if it is for their children, why do they have children and then do so much work on their behalf? (Well, that was before reliable birth control, true.) Anyway, even then, there were examples of the rich who worked, and examples of the priesthood who worked for not much material gain, and probably artists and so on. So, he did not want to see that, maybe?
=== Book VI: section 24
Now the State will still have to guide things; it seems unlikely that just controlling interest rates will be enough to ensure this utopian state of affairs. Instead, it might turn out ?a somewhat comprehensive socialisation of investment will prove the only means of securing an approximation to full employment; though this need not exclude all manner of compromises and of devices by which public authority will co-operate with private initiative.?
I really see how far we have fallen (a point Ryan has made. :-). I now understand his point better.
I agree, even though I'd rather have someone beyond Keynes, at least give us Keynes back instead of neoliberal free market fundamentalists like Greenspan and a lot of US "fiscal conservatives" at this point.
   What a better world this would have been the last thirty years. And then we could have built beyond that on our own via a gift economy and peer production etc. Still, at least we got the "socialist" internet. That is exactly the kind of thing Keynes suggested. But perhaps today it could never have been invented? Well, we're getting military robots now out of our military socialist enterprise (DARPA) maybe with some dual use aspects. Should I be happy about that? :-)
=== Book VI: section 24
   ""Whilst, therefore, the enlargement of the functions of government, involved in the task of adjusting to one another the propensity to consume and the inducement to invest, would seem to a nineteenth-century publicist or to a contemporary American financier to be a terrific encroachment on individualism, I defend it, on the contrary, both as the only practicable means of avoiding the destruction of existing economic forms in their entirety and as the condition of the successful functioning of individual Again, Keynes is not getting how a basic income would be more compatible with a free market ideal than state-decided public works. :-) Not that I am against public works if they are needed.
=== Book VI: section 24
   "For if effective demand is deficient, not only is the public scandal of wasted resources intolerable, but the individual enterpriser who seeks to bring these resources into action is operating with the odds loaded against him. The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros, so that the players as a whole will lose if they have the energy and hope to deal all the cards. Hitherto the increment of the world?s wealth has fallen short of the aggregate of positive individual savings; and the difference has been made up by the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune. But if effective demand is adequate, average skill and average good fortune will be enough."
"Deficient" effective demand means "limited" demand. He sees that as the problem. I see it as part of the solution, in the context of increasing automation. :-) Abundance happens when supply exceeds demand (without unaccounted for negative externalities).
On his point in the second half, tell me about it. :-)
   === Book VI: section 24
   "At the present moment people are unusually expectant of a more fundamental diagnosis; more particularly ready to receive it; eager to try it out, if it should be even plausible. But apart from this contemporary mood, the ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they are right and when they are wrong, are more powerful than is commonly understood. Indeed the world is ruled by little else. Practical men, who believe themselves to be quite exempt from any intellectual influences, are usually the slaves of some defunct economist. Madmen in authority, who hear voices in the air, are distilling their frenzy from some academic scribbler of a few years back. I am sure that the power of vested interests is vastly exaggerated compared with the gradual encroachment of ideas. Not, indeed, immediately, but after a certain interval; for in the field of economic and political philosophy there are not many who are influenced by new theories after they are twenty-five or thirty years of age, so that the ideas which civil servants and politicians and even agitators apply to current events are not likely to be the newest. But, soon or late, it is ideas, not vested interests, which are dangerous for good or evil."
Yes, I have to agree. I can see how the ideology, or "mythology" as I call it, after Conceptual Guerilla:
   "The Mythology of Wealth"
   Mythology is indeed a powerful thing.
General issue: it feels to me like Keynes assumes nothing significant gets done unless people are paid to do it. So, workers need to get paid to make things. Entrepreneurs need to get paid to spend the money they control to buy equipment and arrange for workers to use it with raw materials. So, for example, a new bridge for a community might not get built unless the community is taxed and a company is paid to hire workers and build the bridge.
But, historically, like in Peru, communities will work together to build communal resources like bridges, with no money changing hands. This is a sort of P2P enterprise as a gift to the commons. Then everyone can go over the common bridge. Example:
   "Each year in June, the people of the comunidad campesina of Huinchiri, along with villagers from three other nearby communities, rebuild a suspension bridge across the canyon of the upper R?o Apurimac. The bridge is a keshwa chaca made of ropes hand woven of qqoya grass, a type of Andean bunchgrass. A steel girder bridge crosses the canyon a short distance upstream from the keshwa chaca, so it is not necessary that this rope bridge be rebuilt for any present-day transportation purposes. And yet the Quechua people continue to build the bridge annually, as apparently they have done since Inka times. It is their custom, and by maintaining the bridge they honor their ancestors and Pachamama. "
It makes me realize that there is, essentially, a religious aspect of P2P perhaps at some point. An honoring of some spirit, of a god, of ancestors, of the community, of togetherness, of the commons, or something like that.
There is also a blindness in the writing, noted above, about the issue of who gets the money first: workers or companies doing public works, average citizens as a basic income, banks to loan out, or perhaps companies through direct subsidies of some sort (job creation credits or wage subsidies).
 From the Wikipedia article on Keynes:
   Joseph Schumpeter was an economist of the same age as Keynes and one of his main rivals. He was among the first reviewers to argue that Keynes's General Theory was not a general theory, but was in fact a special case.[84] He said the work expressed "the attitude of a decaying civilisation". After Keynes's death Schumpeter wrote a brief biographical piece called Keynes the Economist - on a personal level he was very positive about Keynes as a man; praising his pleasant nature, courtesy and kindness. He assessed some of Keynes biographical and editorial work as among the best he'd ever seen. Yet Schumpeter remained critical about Keynes's economics, linking Keynes's childlessness to what Schumpeter saw as an essentially short term view. He considered Keynes to have a kind of unconscious patriotism that caused him to fail to understand the problems of other nations. For Schumpeter:[85] "Practical Keynesianism is a seedling which cannot be transplanted into foreign soil: it dies there and become poisonous as it dies."
I think there is some truth to that, reading the above summary, and seeing Keynes's disagreement with Douglas and Social Credit (a basic income). He saw very far, but not that far all the way to abundance. He remained mired in scarcity, in part because, as above, his starting assumptions were to exclude both exponentially increasing innovation and healthy humans limiting their own demands. Still, he clearly saw something new was possible with "the disappearance of its rentier aspect".
So, like his comments, but consider as me applying them to Keynes: "It is convenient to mention at this point the strange, unduly neglected prophet Silvio Gesell (1862-1930), whose work contains flashes of deep insight and who only just failed to reach down to the essence of the matter."
Keynes got close, but even though he kept talking about limited demand as the big problem, never saw that it was actually the *solution* to creating affluence, if coupled with exponentially increasing technological capacity.
Maybe he might have gotten that if he had read this:
   "The Original Affluent Society" by Marshall Sahlins
   "Hunter-gatherers consume less energy per capita per year than any other group of human beings. Yet when you come to examine it the original affluent society was none other than the hunter's - in which all the people's material wants were easily satisfied. To accept that hunters are affluent is therefore to recognise that the present human condition of man slaving to bridge the gap between his unlimited wants and his insufficient means is a tragedy of modern times."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-22 18:22:23
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money from 
For the first time since the 1930s, personal taxes paid by Americans aren?t enough to cover the payments that the government sends out through transfer programs like Social Security and food stamps. The trend, visible in government data on personal incomes, reflects both a deep recession and government efforts to prop up the economy.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-22 18:25:30
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Writes Wikipedia? (blog post by Aaron Swartz) 
My own take on this is that a "social semantic desktop" may someday replace most centralized websites with distributed content.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-22 18:37:00
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How (not) to resolve the energy crisis 
>>
 >>> Increasing the share of renewable energy will not make us any less
 >> dependent
 >>> on fossil fuels as long as total energy consumption keeps rising.
 >> Renewable
 >>
 >> Please cite references for your claim.
My understanding (Lester Brown's site I think) was hazily that fossil fuel use was growing at around 1% per year (or was until the great recession) while renewables were growing at around 30% per year. However, because fossil fuel use is so much larger than renewables, the absolute numbers were somewhat comparable back then. That will shift if renewable continue their exponential growth.
It may even be more in favor of renewables now because of the recession:
 According to Brown, citizens and industry may be ahead of the government in addressing concerns about energy use and climate change.
   He pointed to figures from the U.S. Department of Energy that show decreases in oil use by 10 percent and coal use by 11 percent over the last two years. Projections are that emissions from coal plants will be 10.1 percent less in 2009 than the previous year.
   Chief among the factors leading to the drop in carbon emissions, Brown said, are a turning away from coal-generated electricity, a drop in the nation's vehicle fleet and a notable increase in wind power.
M-M: Would you hazard a guess as to what might be attributable to conservation and lifestyle changes?
Brown: It's difficult to say, and I'm reluctant to use a number. The larger share came from the recession and the smaller from efficiency gains and shifting to renewables and natural gas. Oil use went down 5 percent in 2008, and it's going down another 5 percent in 2009. Coal went down only about 1 percent in 2008, but in 2009 by 10 percent. Overall, carbon emissions were down 3 percent in 2008 and then 6 percent in 2009, and that adds up to the 9 percent for the last two years.
   There is a tendency to think of this as just a temporary thing. There are things in motion now that almost guarantee that carbon emissions are going to be dropping for some years into the future, and that's what I find of most interest.
Natural gas use may be up though?
More from that article with funny things going on:
Brown: There are a number of things in the policy pipeline, like the automobile fuel economy standards that were announced in February ? a 42 percent increase in miles per gallon for cars and a 25 percent increase for light trucks by 2016. That's a very substantial factor when predicting fuel use and carbon emissions. And then we have the appliance efficiency standards. Here, what most people don't know, unless they're tracking these things closely, is that for some years now the Department of Energy has not translated congressional legislation on appliance efficiency standards into regulations that could be used by the appliance manufacturers.
   Within days of taking office, Obama instructed the DOE to get this legislation translated into regulations that appliance manufacturers can use. There's a huge backlog of gains coming there. A third thing, of course, is that there are pretty strong economic incentives for developing wind, solar and geothermal, and we're going to see an enormous increase in all three of them in the years immediately ahead. The fourth thing, as of the beginning last week, is the decision by the federal government to set standards for itself in cutting carbon emissions, and that will undoubtedly encourage state governments to do the same thing.
   These will add up to a very substantive decline in carbon emissions in the years ahead. Beyond that, we have some other trends that are playing an important role.
   There's a lot of talk about raising automotive fuel efficiency and almost no recognition of the fact that the U.S. automobile fleet is starting to shrink. This year, we'll be selling about 10 million new cars, but the retirement rate is about 14 million cars. This is interesting for two reasons. It means the U.S. automobile fleet will shrink this year by nearly 2 percent, and it means that the automobile sector is now producing a steel surplus. The steel used for 10 million new cars, which are relatively small compared to the 14 million being retired, is much less than the steel being scrapped. So not only is the number of cars being scrapped 40 percent more than the new cars being made, but the cars being scrapped are larger and have more steel in them than the newer, smaller cars. This is an amazing situation where we have an industry that is normally a net consumer of steel producing a steel surplus.
Onward to a post-scarcity future? Give people new cars, and you have more steel left over than when you started. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-22 20:07:07
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FISHBOL.org: Fish Barcode of Life Initiative 
A digital commons initiative:
   The Fish Barcode of Life Initiative (FISH-BOL), is a global effort to coordinate an assembly of a standardised reference sequence library for all fish species, one that is derived from voucher specimens with authoritative taxonomic identifications. The benefits of barcoding fishes include facilitating species identification for all potential users, including taxonomists; highlighting specimens that represent a range expansion of known species; flagging previously unrecognized species; and perhaps most importantly, enabling identifications where traditional methods are not    The Fish Barcode of Life effort is creating a valuable public resource in the form of an electronic database containing DNA barcodes, images, and geospatial coordinates of examined specimens. The database contains linkages to voucher specimens, information on species distributions, nomenclature, authoritative taxonomic information, collateral natural history information and literature citations. FISH-BOL thus complements and enhances existing information resources, including FishBase and various genomics databases.
Discussed here:
   The team of researchers from Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History ordered tuna from 31 sushi restaurants and then used genetic tests to determine the species of fishes in those dishes. More than half of those eateries misrepresented, or couldn?t clarify the type of fish they were mongering. Several were selling endangered southern bluefin tuna.
   Although their results were shocking, exposing sloppy sushi joints wasn?t their main goal. The scientists were trying to improve on a new species-identification technique, called DNA barcoding. A coalition of labs has been collecting fish, reading their genes and uploading the information to a database called FISH-BOL.
   Their goal is to build a catalog of every fish species on earth so that anyone with a handheld DNA reader could definitively identify fish within minutes. Wildlife officials could use that technology to spot-check fish markets, and fine people who are selling protected species.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-22 22:25:30
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
You sir are an optimist. :-)
While I'd hope for better, I'd rather see what you outlined than something even worse.
It's been said every country is three meals away from revolution. But history seems to have disproved that (like in North Korea during the famine).
I don't know if this is still valid, but from 2006:
"World Grain Stocks Fall to 57 Days of Consumption: Grain Prices Starting to A somewhat later item from 2008:
?According to the May 1, 2008 CCC inventory report there are only 24.1 million bushels of wheat in inventory, so after this sale there will be only 2.7 million bushels of wheat left the entire CCC inventory,? warned Matlack. ?Our concern is not that we are using the remainder of our strategic grain reserves for humanitarian relief. AAM fully supports the action and all humanitarian food relief. Our concern is that the U.S. has nothing else in our emergency food pantry. There is no cheese, no butter, no dry milk powder, no grains or anything else left in reserve. The o??nly thing left in the entire CCC inventory will be 2.7 million bushels of wheat which is about enough wheat to make 1?2 of a loaf of bread for each of the 300 million people in America.?
   The CCC is a federal government-owned and operated entity that was created to stabilize, support, and protect farm income and prices. CCC is also supposed to maintain balanced and adequate supplies of agricultural commodities and aids in their orderly distribution.
   ?This lack of emergency preparedness is the fault of the 1996 farm bill which eliminated the government?s grain reserves as well as the Farmer Owned Reserve (FOR),? explained Matlack. ?We had hoped to reinstate the FOR and a Strategic Energy Grain Reserve in the new farm bill, but the politics of food defeated our efforts. As farmers it is our calling and purpose in life to feed our families, our communities, our nation and a good part of the world, but we need better planning and coordination if we are to meet that purpose. AAM pledges to continue our work for better farm policy which includes an FOR and a Strategic Energy Grain Reserve.?
This is an example where people may just think that if you have the cash you can magic the food into existence. That works for any individual, but it can't work (in the short term) for a society.
We need some sort of planning system that does not destroy all our food reserves because it is not profitable enough to maintain them.
That is the national stockpile, but individuals also have their own stockpiles.
I remember reading one funny quip a few years ago on an investment board that said something like, "Forget gold, I'm diversifying into canned goods".
But canned goods go bad eventually. Individual hoarding is not a very good answer to a big social problem. We spend approaching a trillion dollars a year for defense in the USA and a loaf of bread per person is the best we can do for national preparedness?
The jobless crisis is causing the society's food reserves to be depleted. It is a way to save money. So, nationally, although I have not seen this in the press, but coupled with the pressure on food banks, I'd suggest that many US American families now have no private food buffer.
So, no private food buffer, plus no national food buffer, well -- that should be throwing up red flags all over the place.
So, yes, to talk in such measured tones, I think you are an optimist. :-)
But, on the other hand, here we also see the basis of a post-scarcity economy and a basic income in a small way. Just baby steps.
That three trillion of money spent so far on bailouts would have been ten thousand dollars in every US Americans pocket if it had not mostly gone to the banks:
"CNNMoney.com's bailout tracker"
  (I don't know if that figure is still accurate.)
That could have paid for a lot of food reserves per person and stimulated more production in the agricultural sector.
One loaf of bread per person. That's national security?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-23 17:22:40
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Coming Revolt of the Guards by Howard Zinn 
"The Coming Revolt of the Guards" by Howard Zinn (Note: This is part of Chapter 24 of Zinn's A People's History of the United  States.)"
   However, the unexpected victories-even temporary ones-of insurgents show the
vulnerability of the supposedly powerful. In a highly developed society, the
Establishment cannot survive without the obedience and loyalty of millions
of people who are given small rewards to keep the system going: the soldiers
and police, teachers and ministers, administrators and social workers,
technicians and production workers, doctors, lawyers, nurses, transport and
communications workers, garbage men and firemen. These people-the employed,
the somewhat privileged-are drawn into alliance with the elite. They become
the guards of the system, buffers between the upper and lower classes. If
they stop obeying, the system falls.
        That will happen, I think, only when all of us who are slightly
privileged and slightly uneasy begin to see that we are like the guards in
the prison uprising at Attica?expendable; that the Establishment, whatever
rewards it gives us, will also, if necessary to maintain its control, kill
us. ....
        All this takes us far from American history, into the realm of
imagination. But not totally removed from history. There are at least
glimpses in the past of such a possibility. In the sixties and seventies,
for the first time, the Establishment failed to produce national unity and
patriotic fervor in a war. There was a flood of cultural changes such as the
country had never seen-in sex, family, personal relations-exactly those
situations most difficult to control from the ordinary centers of power. And
never before was there such a general withdrawal of confidence from so many
elements of the political and economic system. In every period of history,
people have found ways to help one another-even in the midst of a culture of
competition and violence-if only for brief periods, to find joy in work,
struggle, companionship, nature.
        The prospect is for times of turmoil, struggle, but also
inspiration. There is a chance that such a movement could succeed in doing
what the system itself has never done-bring about great change with little
violence. This is possible because the more of the 99 percent that begin to
see themselves as sharing needs, the more the guards and the prisoners see
their common interest, the more the Establishment becomes isolated,
ineffectual. The elite's weapons, money, control of information would be
useless in the face of a determined population. The servants of the system
would refuse to work to continue the old, deadly order, and would begin
using their time, their space-the very things given them by the system to
keep them quiet-to dismantle that system while creating a new one.
        The prisoners of the system will continue to rebel, as before, in
ways that cannot be foreseen, at times that cannot be predicted. The new
fact of our era is the chance that they may be joined by the guards. We
readers and writers of books have been, for the most part, among the guards.
If we understand that, and act on it, not only will life be more satisfying,
right off, but our grandchildren, or our great grandchildren, might possibly
see a different and marvelous world.
See also, from John Taylor Gatto, a similar point:
"Chapter 16 -- A Conspiracy Against Ourselves: Disinherited Men And Women"
Toynbee?s observation that most inhabitants of a modern state are in a condition of disinheritance, and hence dangerous, calls for what he terms "creative solutions." One creative solution is to establish work for some of the dangerous classes by setting them to guard the rest. This guardian class is then privileged a little to compensate it for playing the dirty kapo role against the others.
   Toynbee is eloquent about the function of bureaucrats in serving the creative minorities which manage society. Creative minorities always manage complex societies, according to Toynbee, but the dominant minorities which comprise modern social leadership are the degenerate descendants of this originally creative group. Dominant minorities manage the rest by conscription of all into a massive two-tier proletariat. The guiding protection is a mechanism to ensure these proletariats don?t learn much lest they become "demoniac." This is the unsuspected function which school tolerance of bad behavior serves?in both school and society. The great majority of proles are kept away from what history refers to as education. This can be done inexpensively by leading children from ambitious exercises in reading, writing, declamation, self-discipline, and from significant practical experience in making things work. It really is that simple, and it needn?t be done forever. Even a few years of control at the beginning of childhood will often suffice to set a lifetime stamp.
   Toynbee, and by extension the entire cultivated leadership class he represented, was unable to see any other alternative to this stupefaction course because, as he hastened to assure us, "the religion of the masses" is violence. There is no other choice possible to responsible governors who accept the melancholy conclusion that peasants are indeed revolting. The only proles Toynbee could find in the historical record who managed to extricate themselves from a fatal coarseness did so by escaping their proletarian circumstances first. But if this were allowed for all, who would clean toilets?
   You might expect such an observation would lead inevitably to some profound consideration of the astounding crimes of conquest and domination which create uprooted, landless classes in the first place?England?s crimes against Ireland, India, China, and any number of other places being good examples. But a greater principle intervenes. According to certain sophisticated theory, you can?t operate a modern economy without an underclass to control wage inflation; in spite of bell- curve theory, a mass doesn?t subordinate itself without some judicious assistance.
   In his glorious Republic, which may have started it all, Plato causes Socrates to inform Glaucon and Adeimantus, twenty-four hundred years ago, that they can?t loll on couches eating grapes while others sweat to provide those grapes without first creating a fearsome security state to protect themselves from the commonality. It would appear that long ago some people realized that a substantial moral trade-off would be required to create ease for a fraction of the whole, while the balance of the whole, served that ease. Once that kind of privilege became the goal of Toynbee?s creative minority, once high culture was defined as a sanctuary against evolutionary reversion, certain horrors institutionalized themselves.
   The clearest escape route from tidal recurrence of caste madness is a society bred to argue, one trained to challenge. A mentally active people might be expected to recognize that the prizes of massification?freedom from labors like toilet cleaning, a life of endless consumption (and reflection upon future consumption)?aren?t really worth very much. The fashioning of mass society isn?t any chemical precondition of human progress. It?s just as likely to be a signal that the last act of history is underway.
To what extent does P2P help create informed citizens, ones that are mentally active?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-23 19:12:19
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Remarks by the President on the "Education To 
Now, the students from Oakton High School are going to be demonstrating the "Cougar Cannon," designed to scoop up and toss moon rocks.  I am eager to see what they do -- for two reasons.  As President, I believe that robotics can inspire young people to pursue science and engineering.  And I also want to keep an eye on those robots, in case they try anything.  (Laughter.)
Discussed here:
Interesting, coming from someone who gave an order within three days to use killer robots in a way that killed children.
"Missiles fired from suspected US drones killed at least 15 people inside Pakistan today, the first such strikes since Barack Obama became president and a clear sign that the controversial military policy begun by George W Bush has not changed. Security officials said the strikes, which saw up to five missiles slam into houses in separate villages, killed seven "foreigners" - a term that usually means al-Qaeda - but locals also said that three children lost their lives."
But I like this part of the speech (will they be open source?):
"The MacArthur Foundation and industry leaders like Sony are launching a nationwide challenge to design compelling, freely available, science-related video games."
But, sadly, they are still promoting "competitions" even in that "challenge", plus another part: "Time Warner Cable is joining with the Coalition for Science After School and FIRST Robotics -- the program created by inventor Dean Kamen, which gave us the "Cougar Cannon" -- to connect one million students with fun after-school activities, like robotics competitions."
"We need competition in order to survive."
  "Life is boring without competition."
"It is competition that gives us meaning in life."
These words written by American college students capture a sentiment that runs through the heart of the USA and appears to be spreading throughout the world. To these students, competition is not simply something one does, it is the very essence of existence. When asked to imagine a world without competition, they can foresee only rising prices, declining productivity and a general collapse of the moral order. Some truly believe we would cease to exist were it not for competition.
   Alfie Kohn, author of No contest: the case against competition, disagrees completely. He argues that competition is essentially detrimental to every important aspect of human experience; our relationships, self-esteem, enjoyment of leisure, and even productivity would all be improved if we were to break out of the pattern of relentless competition. Far from being idealistic speculation, his position is anchored in hundreds of research studies and careful analysis of the primary domains of competitive interaction. For those who see themselves assisting in a transition to a less competitive world, Kohn's book will be an invaluable resource.
So many assumptions in that speech that are questionable these days...
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-23 21:09:53
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] HASTAC 2010: Grand Challenges and Global Innovations 
HASTAC is delighted to announce the HASTAC 2010: Grand Challenges and Global Innovations Conference. Held April 15-17, 2010 and hosted by the Institute for Computing in Humanities, Arts, and Social Science at the University of Illinois, HASTAC 2010: Grand Challenges and Global Innovations will be a free, entirely virtual event held in a multiplicity of digital spaces instigated from sites across the globe.
   This years event will focus on grand challenges and global innovations in the form of technologies, research, teaching, and inquiry that can be leveraged across personal, physical, geographical, institutional, disciplinary, and organizational boundaries.  HASTAC 2010 seeks to ask: what are the influence(s) of virtual spaces that can transcend boundaries to impact global innovations?  How will the next generation of digital technologies alter personal, physical, geographical, institutional, disciplinary, and organizational boundaries?  What are the grand challenges in humanities, arts, and sciences that will shape the next generation of global innovation?
I'm sure p2p people might have something to say.
Got to that from this, a competition some here might be interested in:
"Reimagining Learning"
?MacArthur is pleased to team with Sony and National Lab Day to encourage the next generation of innovators to focus on science, technology, engineering and math. Digital media, including games, are the learning labs of the future and this open competition encourages people to consider creative new ways to use digital media to create learning environments that are engaging, immersive and participatory,? said Connie Yowell, MacArthur?s director of education.
   SCEA president Jack Tretton said: ?This challenge truly embodies what?s possible when you place the learning tools and the opportunity into the hands of creative and imaginative minds. When leveraging the innovative technology of LittleBigPlanet and the PS3 system, both advanced and novice gamers have access to an open canvas to learn, build, and explore entirely new kinds of gaming experiences. They can also share their creations with millions of gamers around the world to play, rate, and review their levels. There?s no better training ground for anyone interested in digital media.?
They say a million LittleBigPlanet levels have been uploaded. So, that is p2p really happening in a big way (but not on an open platform, sigh).
There seem to be two divisions in the competiton. One for software that goes with LittleBigPlanet and one that is more generaly.
This is all related to my previous note on the US president's speech on Not like anyone would bother to look who was trying to do this starting about twenty years ago as a labor of love. :-)
      But having to make a living in some other way forced us into doing other things.
Anyway, it's nice to finally see some general interest decades later. Of course, I'm sure Seymour Papert could say the same and much, much more.
   This is really a tribute to his work and ideas (and some other people with related ideas back then, all the way back to William C. Norris and Plato in the 1960s), more than anything.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-24 13:01:34
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] replab and replication 
I'd agree with that point about a community economy too. Although I think we will see a progression over time, including some sudden singularities perhaps as systems at smaller scales like a shop or a 3D printer become more capable as ideas suddenly seem to come together. But for the next five or ten years, certainly the community level is where a lot of planning and design makes sense.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-24 13:21:21
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
OK, I probably should not say this, but I will, but what do you expect from a state that gave the USA Ronald Reagan and the Reagan Revolution that ripped the solar panels off the White House, cut taxes on the wealthy while running up deficits through arms races, and deregulated everything in sight (especially children's television, something that injured a generation now mired in the fruits of consumerism, war toys for boys, and worse for girls).
"he War Play Dilemma: What Every Parent And Teacher Needs to Know"
"So Sexy So Soon: The New Sexualized Childhood and What Parents Can Do to Protect Their Kids"
All thanks to "Mr. Family Values". :-(
Still, California is an odd state because it also gave us the fruits of Silicon Valley and many liberal and environmental ideas (even if some of them had root elsewhere like William C. Norris' Plato in Minnesota, or Rachel Carson growing up in Pennsylvania, the ideas really bloomed in California for various reasons).
And no doubt even the Reagan Revolution has good points. I feel a focus on family and trying to avoid abortions is a good thing, if you can do it right, without shooting the country in the foot.
In that sense, California is a reflection of the entire USA, seeing all the problems and solutions together in a miniature and exaggerated form.
   "The Reagan Revolution"
    The 1980?s were the triumph of upper America. It was a celebration of wealth and the political ascendancy of the richest third of the population. It was the glorification of capitalism, free markets and finance. But at the same time there were growing hordes of homeless sleeping on heater grates. The 1980?s were the second Gilded Age and a new plutocracy had been created which would rule America well into the 1990?s.
I've been looking at the parallels between the 2000s and the 1920s here:
   "The Great Depression: Its Causes and Cure"
         So, it's hard to sum up a state like California very easily, I guess, except maybe as a caricature of the rest of the country?
So, is what we see in California now an indication of what the rest of the country will face in the next decade?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-25 08:45:12
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Book: Have fun at work by W. L. Livingston 
A great read -- we just got it and I'm dipping into it.
"Have Fun at Work" by W. L. Livingston
A comments from there:
"Wish the author had taken a writing class before this one - he definitely writes like the Mechanical Engineer he is - but wow(!) the ideas in this book are worth all the trouble. I highly recommend it for anyone interested in understanding the underlying reasons for dysfunction at work, especially in project work in IT. Helped me out enormously. "
What's interesting about this book from a P2P perspective is that P2P cuts through all this organizational red tape (while maybe creating some of its own, of course). I'd be curious how this book, written in 1988 from a somewhat cybernetic perspective, could be compared/contrasted with p2p organizational forms (like the recent Wikipedia discussions).
Note: this book's title is somewhat cynical; this is a very different approach than Bob Black's or Charles Fourier's approach to make work into fun. This book is more about how to have fun despite work by better understanding the system.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-25 10:30:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
Some comments an the article on Wikipedia's "decline".
Eight years ago, there were fewer easy ways for people to post their own content. Now, with facebook, blogs, personal wikis, twitter, more mailing lists, and so on, Wikipedia faces a lot more competition for authors. There may be much more total authoring across the web, but it may be going elsewhere. So, the peer produced content idea is working even better than ever, even if Wikipedia may no longer be getting an ever increasing share. The article said Wikipedia has grown by 20% in the last year, but that is way down from previous exponential growth. With essentially a static viewer base, in the context of more alternatives and a mature Wikipedia that has covered the basics, it make sense Wikipedia would lose authors. Also, I can wonder if the exponential growth of people coming onto the internet has stopped (given that something like half the global population now has internet access)? So, that may be a factor as well, even though the amount of time people devote to the internet as opposed to other things may still be increasing somewhat. Anyway, I just want to underscore that even if Wikipedia is doing worse, that does not mean the web is doing worse, since Wikipedia may be suffering precisely because there are so many other successes.
Wikipedia tries to solve many problems with creating social rules about how to have discussions and how to format entries. They probably are, for the most part, excellent rules. But, they increase the cognitive burden of contributing to Wikipedia. In an age of computer technology, one might think those rules could somehow (as Clay Shirky talks about) be embedded more into the system itself, but wikis are too free-form for that. The controversies they mention which the social rules are meant to deal with, like reversion wars, could be dealt with in other ways, like structured arguments, or multiple points of view being supported, or maybe a social semantic desktop.
Also, to concede something to Google Knol (which I have been loathe to do, because I want to support Wikipedia as a non-profit vs. a big corporation selling advertising), the idea of a single article with a single neutral point of view is a bottleneck for stigmergic collaboration and development. Contrast the difficulty of making one coherent article with the ease of making multiple articles on a topic from different coherent points of views where the reader and author can choose between them with a list at the top of "perspectives" (perhaps helped with a search engine). Within a framework like that, somehow the community could also rates the quality of perspectives, or creates filters you can choose from, or so on. Some of this has been discussed on Wikipedia, but it goes against the original conception as an authoritative reference source. So, some of these difficulties with arguments call into question whether the idea of an "Encyclopedia", written from a single authoritative point of view, is the best way for people to organize information on the internet. As a user, I might prefer to see two articles written from different points of views than the award single "neutral" article that makes it hard to follow a series of connected statements. Ideally, one might even have tools that let you look at multiple articles from different perspectives at once, and see lines between related points or differing assumptions. I'd love to help write that kind of software.
Wikipedia also implicitly supports the status quo with some of its policies, even as it claims to be neutral, and even as the general notion of putting information in the hands of people is radically subversive in a democratic way. So, Wikipedia is conflicted on that core issue in some sense. As pointed out in the book Disciplined Minds, all professional work (especially academic work) is inherently political, for many reasons, but even if for only that it is about a choice of where resources go in society (what areas to study and improve, and what ones to ignore). Wikipedia has a policy that articles should reflect published information by authorities in proportion to amount of information out there by authorities.
      So, minority viewpoints should be mentioned, but only in relative proportion to the majority, which often means not much at all. For example, in a mythical wikipedia of the 1970s, in an article on, say, "oil markets", Amory Lovin's accurate analysis and predictions about the oil market would have gotten one sentence, whereas all the people who were wrong would have gotten the rest of the page. This indirectly is empowering the status quo view of the world. How are authorities (including their publications) created, except via a formal indoctrination and filtering process, like Noam Chomsky talks about in "What Makes the Mainstream Media Mainstream"?  Also, as Howard Zinn says, "You can't be neutral on a moving train." A neutral point of view can be an endorsement of the direction things are heading in that So, there is an inherent conservative bias in Wikipedia by its appeals to authority, which can be weighed against other features of what Wikipedia itself that are explicitly democratic (the global spread of knowledge that is stigmergically created). This core contradiction may be at the heart of some of these issues. This is not to be unsympathetic to the policy of citing authority or trying to be "neutral" -- just to point out a major issue with it, and some articles, especially on controversial topics or in areas of emerging knowledge, will have more problems in this area than others.
In general, the media effects society by what issues it chooses to focus people's attention on and to what degree of emphasis (like, endless stories about how wonderful some expensive expensive medical advances, and then one article with a little footnote somewhere about, say, how sunlight and vitamin D3 helps keep people healthy. :-) So, by what Wikipedia chooses to emphasize, and what examples it uses, it becomes a political vehicle for those already in power, even when it is trying to be "neutral".
But, clearly, our society does need people to try to make sense of things by wading into the muck of opposing views built on different assumptions and different values using different tools. To an extent, the Wikipedia discussion page alongside each article serves some of this neutrality-arbitrating function to hash out how to weigh different viewpoints and opinions and connect together different arguments. One way to upgrade Wikipedia might be to make at least the discussion page itself into some sort of "structured argumentation system", perhaps with easy links from the article or each specific change into the discussion related to it. That might be a first step towards resolving some of these issues while making Wikipedia work better as it is. This change might be resisted as it would break the model that everything is done with Wiki markup, because the discussion pages would then be done in some other way (perhaps based on ideas like SRI's SEAS or ANGLER projects or other similar things).
   "Structured Evidential Argumentation System"
   "SEAS is a software tool developed for intelligence analysts that records analytic reasoning and methods that supports collaborative analysis across contemporary and historical situations and analysts and has broad applicability beyond intelligence analysis"
   "What is Angler"
   "Angler is a tool that helps intelligence/policy professionals explore, understand, and overcome cognitive biases, and collaboratively expand their joint cognitive vision through use of divergent & convergent thinking techniques (such as brainstorming and clustering). "
In general, I've wanted to adapt those ideas to talking about simulation models, but they could be used to talk about how to change wiki pages as well.
Maybe the deepest problem here is that Wikipedia claims to support "no original research",
  but what is the emerging synthesis of an article in a controversial area but, in some sense, collaboratively produced "original research" by a group of peers? :-)
Could Wikipedia move to another model, where perhaps there is still a "neutral point of view" article that is argued about in a structured way (including whether to delete the article from a primary index somehow), alongside articles written from specific coherent points of view which can be source material for the main article or structured arguments about it? And would that be better? I don't know for sure. But, it could be an area of experimentation to at least be tried with the forks of Wikipedia. It certainly would be fun to try it.
Just for a personal example, yesterday, out of nostalgia in the context of the current student occupations of buildings, I went to look up an old science fiction society at Princeton University that now seems not to be around anymore. Google showed me there was a Wikipedia page on it, I went there, because I've been wondering what happened to the group who brought James P. Hogan to campus where I met him, and imagine my disappointment to see the page had been deleted:
   This page has been deleted. The deletion and move log for the page are provided below for reference.
     * 08:34, 15 January 2009 Redvers (talk | contribs) deleted "Infinity, Ltd" ? (A7: No indication that the article may meet guidelines for inclusion)
The science fiction society I belonged to at SUNY Stony Brook is still going strong though, with lots of content on the web, and even a Wikipedia article on it:
   Just pointing out an inconsistency. I hope this does not get the other article deleted too. :-(
Anyway, what does it mean that an article is "authoritative"? What does it mean for a citation to be from an "expert"? What does in mean for an article to be of "general interest"? What does it even mean for an article to be "accurate"? What does it mean for an article to be "neutral" on a moving train? In the end, these questions may show the limits of the "Encyclopedia" idea in the context of a vibrant internet of peers and professional amateurs representing many different viewpoints and many different approaches to the "truth" more than they say anything about the limits of specific articles. It's a big challenge to think about how to deal with that all.
Also, and even worse, many times writing the "truth" may create problems (and in that sense, Wikipedia is probably a positive force sometimes). See the book "Have Fun at Work" for many examples where inside a bureaucracy management has no interest in the "truth" about some project. Or, just look at the Dilbert comic strip.
Related comments on truth:
   One from there:
Gloria Steinem: "The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off."
Well, that explains a lot of Wikipedia revision wars. :-)
And contrast with:
Hannah Arendt: "Truthfulness has never been counted among the political virtues, and lies have always been regarded as justifiable tools in political dealings."
That explains some of Wikipedia's vandalism, as well as some of the problems citing experts.
And as regards Wikidpedia deletionism;
Henri Frederic Amiel: "Truth is not only violated by falsehood; it may be equally outraged by silence."
And many more quotes. Maybe each could be applied to Wikipedia issues somehow?
So, "truth" is a slippery topic, especially in the context of public media.
By the way, by leaving out a reference to Ward Cunningham who came up with the Wiki idea, that original article makes it seem, by omission, like people at Wikipedia invented the idea, as an example of the preceding point on truth and presentation. Contrast with:
   "Cunningham: My first trip to Hawaii was actually my honeymoon. I stepped off the airplane and I was told to go take the Wiki Wiki bus to Terminal C, and I said 'What?' I just couldn't understand what the guy was saying and he finally realized that I was expecting a Hawaiian term and 'wiki wiki' is a Hawaiian term for 'very quickly.'"
Also, that linked gcn article above raises the argument against my proposal for structured arguments: :-)
Wiki allows people to fundamentally change the way they collaborate. Not that Wiki actually assumes much at all about how people work, but all the software that we've written before, we've made assumptions about how people work that have actually inhibited the really creative work. ... A forum, email list or a newsgroup always assumes that if I'm going to contribute to the discussion that my contribution goes at the end. And that makes all the conversation chronological. Why would we assume that chronological is the right way to talk about some complicated concept? What that does is make everything difficult to read. What I did with Wiki is not assume that. You can [write something] right where it needs to be read. Of course when I do that, I have to let go of my train of thought if I'm going to allow you to modify it. There is a certain trust there, so I'm sure this is what prevented people from doing that years ago. Because if I can trust you enough to modify my thoughts'that you do it in the collective best interes'then when everybody reads that work, they read a simpler document. ... The thing is the more we try to codify the way we work into computer programs, the more likely we are to close off the discovery of the way we truly need to work going forward.
However, I'm more in the Manuel de Landa camp again here about having both meshworks (chaos) and hierarchy (order). So, the discussion page might be the place for structured hierarchical and chronological communications, while the article page (or multiple perspective pages :-) could then be what emerges from that in whatever form is best for communicating information about a topic.
But ultimately, I see Wikipedia as a step along the path to a semantic web and a semantic desktop.
And, an even deeper issues, regardless of technology, was put succinctly in the original article:
For the July event, Mr. Schulenburg got about 100 scientists and NIH
staffers to spend the day listening to arguments about why they should
bother contributing to Wikipedia, despite the fact that it doesn't pay,
won't help them get a grant or even win them applause from their peers.
His audience was skeptical about the lack of credentials among Wikipedia
editors. "One of my concerns is not knowing who the editor is," said Lakshmi
Grama, a communications official from the National Cancer Institute.
As long as we have a society mainly built around those ideas (a lack of a voluntary spirit and a focus on credentialism), we may be in for a lot deeper trouble than Wikipedia having some issues of various sorts. If we can fix those other societal issues, maybe Wikipedia can fix itself?
Still, as Doug Engelbart would say, the bigger issue is probably a "co-evolution" of a community and the tools it uses. And maybe that is where Wikipedia is falling down? But, the article suggests new tools are on the way. But, it says nothing about structured arguments and so on -- just making editing easier. We'll see.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-25 10:44:29
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Yes, that is a big part of things. The increase in industrial productivity in the USA over the last three decades has not gone to the workers. Neither has much of it gone to public infrastructure or more free time (like in Europe).
What became clear to me in a previous discussion on this list with you and the differing histories of the welfare states in the USA (distress based) vs. Europe (a right of citizenship), is that unions often create "private welfare states" that last as long as the corporation they are embedded in lasts (the US big three car companies are the best example). Unions missed their chance decades ago to continue to push for essentially a public welfare state for all in the USA, and now unions have been picked off member-by-member and union-by-union as companies downsize or collapse or sell off divisions. And, without a level playing field, like social benefits for all, companies with unions have faced a competitive disadvantage sometimes (not always, since sometimes people who are treated better produce more). Because the state and the school system have grown, those specific unions have become more dominant, reflecting that part of Andrew's point. But those unions have not been calling for broad changes in society, just the continuation of their private welfare states (so, they strike about their own pay, not in "sympathy" with pay for everyone, like, as you mention, as US$40 minimum wage, or I'd say, a basic income like Social Security and Medicaid for all regardless of age). What would happen if, say, the US teacher's unions and unions for US state workers said they would go on strike unless everyone in the USA got a basic income and single-payer health care, like members of those unions essentially already have privately? So, unions may still have some power, but maybe only if they use it to help others outside the unions. A related item going into more detail:
"Can unions and strikes still make a difference?"
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-25 14:41:38
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Just to support Andrew's point, consider as an analogy New York, which recently reformed its drug laws after thirty years, only by overcoming opposition by Republicans representing districts with big prisons.
"N.Y. Governor, Lawmakers Agree To Soften Drug Sentencing Laws"
NEW YORK, March 27 -- Gov. David A. Paterson (D) and legislative leaders on Friday announced an agreement to roll back the state's strict, 36-year-old drug laws, including eliminating tough mandatory minimum sentences for first-time, nonviolent drug offenders.
Then in November, Democrats captured the state Senate for the first time in years. The State Assembly in the past had proposed repealing the drug laws, but the effort was always blocked by Senate Republicans, many of whom represent largely rural, Upstate districts where most of the state's prisons are located.
It may not be as simple as "prison unions", but clearly employment and profits are a big part of the dynamics of creating laws about crime and punishment in the USA.
And even more sadly, profit plays a role in the dynamic of just judging on existing laws to send children to private prisons:
"A disgraced former Pennsylvania judge began requiring detention for certain youth offenders just three days after the opening of a for-profit detention center whose owner was paying him kickbacks, according to testimony. ... Former probation official Sandra Brulo says the zero tolerance policy put into place by former Luzerne County Judge Mark Ciavarella Jr. swelled the number of kids sent to detention. Prosecutors say Ciavarella and another judge accepted millions of dollars in kickbacks to place juveniles in PA Child Care."
ALLENTOWN, Pa. ? The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Thursday dismissed thousands of juvenile convictions issued by a judge charged in a corruption scandal, saying that none of the young offenders got a fair hearing.
   The high court on Thursday threw out more than five years? worth of juvenile cases heard by disgraced former Luzerne County Judge Mark Ciavarella, who is charged with accepting millions of dollars in kickbacks to send youths to private detention centers.
   The Philadelphia-based Juvenile Law Center, which represents some of the youths, said the court?s order covers as many as 6,500 cases. The justices barred any possibility of retrial in all but a fraction of them.
   ?This is exactly the relief these kids needed,? said Marsha Levick, the center?s legal director. ?It?s the most serious judicial corruption scandal in our history and the court took an extraordinary step in addressing it.?
Now, if it is a "scandal" for those judges to make rulings for their personal profit, why is in not a similar scandal for lawmakers to make laws for their own political profit and for the financial benefit of those unions or other that support them (which indirectly create judicial rulings, especially when there is no room for judicial discretion with certain laws)? Making the laws for personal profit via campaign donations and so on is one level removed from direct kickbacks from the jails per person imprisoned by judges, but is it not essentially the same thing? If people are making laws about putting people in jail in ways that have no significant relation to preventing real harm to society, then is that not a much bigger problem than a couple of corrupt judges out of some large number of judges who try to be fair and balanced, but are prevented from being so by bad laws? But it is, evidently, a problem that has persisted for decades in the USA with little accountability, and US prison populations reflect it.
Of course, if we made all the improvements to society that people want, less prisons, less pollution, less war, and so on, then we would see much more unemployment. That would be a good thing for society, but a bad thing for individuals. These sorts of reforms may have to go hand-in-hand with something like a basic income, or substantial funding of the arts and sciences, or some other reform.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-25 15:16:22
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline (slashdot article) 
Just one more discussion about this issue, in relation to the information Michel posted, with right now 340 comments for that article (note that slashdot is a site contributed by many of the same people who might edit Wikipedia, and some comments are from claimed first-hand experience with these issues):
"Slashdot | Contributors Leaving Wikipedia In Record Numbers"
CNET reports that the volunteers who create Wikipedia's pages, check facts and adapt the site are abandoning Wikipedia in unprecedented numbers
with tens of thousands of editors going ?dead? ? no longer actively contributing and updating the site ? a trend many experts believe could threaten Wikipedia?s future. In the first three months of 2009 the English-language version of Wikipedia suffered a net loss of 49,000 contributors, compared with a loss of about 4,900 during the same period in 2008. ?If you don?t have enough people to take care of the project it could vanish quickly," says Felipe Ortega at the Universidad Rey Juan Carlos in Madrid who created a computer system to analyze the editing history of more than three million active Wikipedia contributors in ten different languages. "We?re not in that situation yet. But eventually, if the negative trends follow, we could be in that situation.? Contributors are becoming disenchanted with the process of adding to the site which is becoming increasingly difficult
says Andrew Dalby, author of The World and Wikipedia: How We are Editing Reality and a regular editor of the site. ?There is an increase of bureaucracy and rules. Wikipedia grew because of the lack of rules. That has been forgotten. The rules are regarded as irritating and useless by many contributors.? Arguments over various articles have also taken their toll. "Many people are getting burnt out when they have to debate about the contents of certain articles again and again," adds Ortega.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-25 19:18:06
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Medpedia to best the more democratic Wikipedia? | 
Medpedia has not been mentioned in the archives:
Founded on the noble and semipractical system of providing free online medical information generated for and by physicians, journals, schools, patients, and more, Medpedia's three stated goals are to be collaborative, interdisciplinary, and transparent. The idea is to maximize knowledge and minimize the kind of screwing around that continually threatens the efficacy of other wiki-based projects. Of course, the extent to which this is successful hinges on the quality, integrity, and transparency of the editors.
   While Medpedia uses the open-source software Mediawiki (also used by Wikipedia), it is less collaborative than the vast encyclopedia site, allowing only physicians and Ph.D.s approved by an editor to contribute to and edit articles. (The less medicine-literate masses are allowed to create accounts and suggest changes, but not actually make them.)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-25 19:54:52
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
Here is a cnet article that argues the opposite -- not necessarily saying I'm agreeing: :-)
   "The 'wisdom of crowds' loses steam"
   If something seems too good to be true, it probably is. That popular aphorism never seemed truer than today when reading The Wall Street Journal's analysis of Wikipedia's declining volunteer base. Despite countless articles extolling the virtues and seeming omnipotence of "community" over the past several years, the technology industry seems to be settling back into old habits: Command and control.
   It's not that the "wisdom of crowds" idea hasn't influenced the way technology is developed, or how news and information are gathered and distributed. It has.
   It's just that the promised sea change has proved to be far less disruptive than we expected.
   Take Wikipedia. As the Journal calls out, volunteerism has declined as the ease of contribution has waned. The easy topics are taken. Rules for upping the quality have proliferated. Wikipedia is becoming...corporate.
   Nick Carr has been pointing this out for years, but it's only now becoming self-evident. Wikipedia has grown up and, in so doing, is looking more and more like the encyclopedic world it sought to displace.
   Nor is it alone. Open-source business models increasingly look like proprietary software models, as the Software Freedom Law Center's Bradley Kuhn suggests. ...
More in that article looking at other projects, and concluding that at least "transparency" has been a benefit. I do think they may be ignoring studies by people like Frank von Hippel that most innovation is customer driven when they write:
But then, this is the same App Store with more than 100,000 applications and 2 billion downloads to date. No wonder Apple isn't apologizing: it's clearly benefiting most people most of the time, or the application developers would take their complaints to a different platform.
   But they haven't, and this calls out the problem with deifying "community." It's accepted wisdom that one shouldn't "anger the community," as if it's some unknown god that demands the occasional virgin to be thrown into the volcano. But the truth is, "community" is not really much different from the "customers" and "partners" the industry has sought to satisfy for    So, yes, by all means seek to work with your community of users and partners, but don't expect "the community" to do your work for you. Guess what? "The community" already has a day job, and can't afford to work full-time for you unless you pay it.
It's also a bit of a circular argument, because if we had a large gift economy that extended more into the physical world (like with 3D printing) or a basic income then software developers would not have to be so concerned about using the Apple store to earn a living.
Still, I have to say that I half-agree with the article. I think many of the most successful efforts tend to be ones that are run by a small group of dedicated people (perhaps several full-timers, and where dedicated includes a focus on user needs) and that are open and transparent and modular in a way that makes it easy for others to extend the system or replace parts of it for their needs. There is this hierarchical pyramid of the amount of concern people have for the system. (Granted, like with Apache, sometimes there might be ten or twenty people a the top of the pyramid making decisions somewhat democratically among themselves). And democracy is tricky, because it can depend on time-scale. People in Debian may vote for someone to do something, but then that person has authority for a time as a representative. In practice, systems may have a mix of approaches, and we also have a mix of different systems. But it still seems like a core of dedicated people is important. In the Wikipedia case, IIRC about two million dollars worth of effort was put into it as a commercial effort (to sell advertising) before it transformed itself.
If we can understand why some place like Harvard University or the US Library of Congress did not create and seed and oversee a Wikipedia on their own, we can be well on the way to understanding the sociology of information bottlenecks in our society.
If I had had two million dollars back then, like the predecessor to Wikipedia, it would have been much more feasible to get OSCOMAK/Stella off the ground. :-) There actually were some companies like How Stuff Works and eHow that did get a lot of money and made related if less general things.
   "So when eHow was in the process of going bankrupt, he and Josh bought it. eHow is a fantastic resource that as of May 1, 2006 had 17,000 professionally written and edited how to articles. Read the History of eHow here. "
   "In 1998, former North Carolina State University professor Marshall Brain started the site as a hobby. In 1999, Brain raised venture capital and formed HowStuffWorks, Inc."
There are at several factors here that may require different approaches:
* Getting to a critical mass of content or software;
* Maintaining the server infrastructure for content (less of an issue now with cheaper computers and cheaper bandwidth and many solutions);
* Advertising of some sort to get people to know the system exists (paid or word of mouth);
* Expanding the content;
* Verifying or policing or specifically altering the content; and
* Dealing with future challenges (legal, technical, organizational, new content directions).
Organizations or individuals without a significant amount of resources have trouble staying the course through all those steps, even if there is a crowd that might help. Still, once a crowd gets large enough, like with Wikipedia now raising in the process of raising US$7.5 million in a donation drive (looks like they are pulling in about US$100K a day or so?).
As I see it, something like Wikipedia or Debian GNU/Linux is a digital public work, like the cyberspace equivalent of physical public works like a highway or a bridge or a space program, and ideally they should be funded in depth by public means (subject to issues of support compromising integrity

@_date: 2009-11-25 20:12:40
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
I don't want to read those, but I guess I should force myself to. :-(
 From that first article:
There is one aspect of society however, that has continued to expand despite the difficult economic circumstances: the prison population. Additionally, and contrary to what many believe, the construction and management of jails and prisons are not functions exclusive to the government. In fact, the fourth largest correctional system in the nation is owned and operated by the Corrections Corporation of America (CXW) - only the federal government and two states operate prison systems containing more bed space than CCA. ...
Construction Corp. of America has clearly demonstrated solid revenue growth over the past half-decade. The Company's earnings have been growing at a more subdued pace since 2005, but capital expenditures have absolutely exploded; growing from $73.9M in 2005, to $516M in 2008. CCA isn't pouring nearly a third of it's annual revenue into new property/plant investments without a reason. I'd expect that in the coming quarters, this amount of investment will begin to yield tangible returns for the Company.
 From that second article:
   Almost a half-century later, that mindset has extended to both the local and federal law-and-order sectors, which have argued for, and experienced, virtually unabated growth. Today, law-enforcement groups regularly lobby against criminal-punishment reforms, and for the creation of new criminal statutes and overly harsh prison sentences. While these efforts are cloaked as calls for public safety, they are essentially creating more business for    The problem has become so widespread that some private correctional corporations ? companies that subcontract services, and even privately owned jails and prisons, to all levels of government ? have even lobbied the government to enact and maintain ever broader criminal laws and higher sentences. Those private prisons are now rolling in the profit, and taking on more prisoners every day as federal and state prisons run out of room to house their inmates.
   But these lobbyists' success ? and that of various law-enforcement groups ? has given rise to a veritable "prison-industrial complex" that not only uses fear to suppress these groups' true intentions ? it leaves taxpayers footing the bill.
So, basically, if CCA is building more prisons, we can guess what is coming in the USA to make them profitable. What do they know that the average person does not? :-(
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-25 22:06:12
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Judging the top 10 Internet moments of the decade | 
The Webby Awards rundown of the decade in chronological order:
     * Craigslist moving outside San Francisco in 2000 to revamp the whole notion of classified ads, striking fear in the hearts of newspapers everywhere.
     * The launch of Google AdWords in 2000, opening up a new world of advertising for businesses both large and small.
     * The start of Wikipedia in 2001 showing off the Internet's ability to let online strangers collaborate, leading to more than 14 million articles in 271 different languages.
     * The takedown of Napster in 2001, triggering a revolution in the way we now grab our music and videos.
     * Google's IPO in 2004, creating a massive, dominant, and far-reaching force on the Internet.
     * The online video revolution in 2006 triggered by beefy bandwidth, cheap camcorders, and YouTube, flooding cyberspace with an array of professional and not-so-professional videos.
     * The expansion of Facebook and the debut of Twitter in 2006, creating a fresh way for us to interact and communicate with friends and family.
     * The launch of the iPhone in 2007, helping us hop onto the Internet anywhere, anytime through a cell phone.
     * The U.S. presidential campaign in 2008 tapping into the Internet with videos like "Obama Girl," social networking use among voters, and online      * The Iranian election protesters in 2009 using Twitter to spread their word, a movement that prompted the U.S. State Department to ask Twitter to keep the site up and running.
At least half of them are about some form of P2P (if not all of them, to some degree).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-25 22:51:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
I had mentioned separately a slashdot article from today on Wikipedia and the WSJ article, and here is a comment by someone than is very insightful about this issue:
   "When 'deletionists' destroy the work people are putting in, it's not surprising when the people who have put that work into Wikipedia leave the site. There's only a finite amount of things that can be written about and as Wikipedia progresses, the articles that are created must become more and more obscure. But with those kinds of articles effectively banned from Wikipedia, the only editors it needs around are those that upkeep the existing articles."
That idea explains a lot -- both why that web page on "Infinity, Ltd." got added (people are still stigmergically building at the edges), and also why it got deleted (almost anything left to add now is less and less of general So, wikipedia's notability policy:
   essentially suggests that Wikipedia may not be able to grow much anymore? With over three million articles, it may just be hard to come up with anything that is really "notable" to enough people that has not been added. And, if the result of trying to put something new up is to just see it is deleted as not "notable", that is a real turnoff.
Anyway, that comment cleared up some more of the dynamics for me.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-25 23:52:09
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the "lump of labor fallacy" itself a fallacy? 
> ---------- Forwarded message ----------
 > From: uta at worldforum.org (Uta Jehnich)
 > Date: Thu, Nov 26, 2009 at 3:10 AM
 > Subject: article by Hazel Henderson
 >
 > INVESTING IN CLIMATE PROSPERITY
 >
 > By Hazel Henderson
 > [snip]
Lets think of the implications. If these green technologies are cheaper (because green technologies ultimately cost less directly, and green technologies require less defense, and they cause less pollution and disease), then ultimately, if there is limited demand, then that will mean less jobs. What are the implications to our economy already struggling with I still think it's a good thing to switch to green technology, but we need to do something about unemployment in the long term (a basic income or gift economy or whatever).
The "lump of labor fallacy" is why mainstream economists will say unemployment from green energy being more efficient is not a problem:
   But, I feel that "fallacy" is itself a fallacy, because of limited demand by healthy people, or at least, demand growing slower than increasing capacity. :-)
Even from that Wikipedia page: "This common argument against the use of restricted working hours to reduce unemployment has recently been questioned, with one scholar arguing that "substituting a dubious fallacy claim for an authentic economic theory may have obstructed fruitful dialogue about working time and the appropriate policies for regulating it".[3] Walker argues that the idea that the lump of labour is a fallacy often goes unsubstantiated, and that the reduction of working hours can have similar labour-saving impacts as the introduction of technology into the production This one "lump of labor" issue is really at the heart of so much of what future economics will hold.
But this is what someone like Paul Krugman says on it:
  "Lumps of Labor"
  "Economists call it the "lump of labor fallacy." It's the idea that there is a fixed amount of work to be done in the world, so any increase in the amount each worker can produce reduces the number of available jobs. (A famous example: those dire warnings in the 1950's that automation would lead to mass unemployment.) As the derisive name suggests, it's an idea economists view with contempt, yet the fallacy makes a comeback whenever the economy is sluggish."
If mainstream economics is ready for an earthquake, that supposed "fallacy" is one of the fault lines IMHO, relying on assumptions about human nature as well as future technology that most economists are not qualified to make or to evaluate.
And here it is first: :-)
"Roberto Verzola: Finite demand makes relative abundance possible"
My first post directly on the topic I can find, three months later:
"On rationing and unlimited demand"
"This note was sparked by a discussion recently with someone about
post-scarcity issues, specifically about how the economic interpretation of
what it means if production cost drop to zero depends on you assumptions
about "demand" (which is a psychological idea, not a mathematical one). In the long run, I feel our industrial base will be able to produce far in
excess of the capacity of any current human to consume on a personal basis,
so rationing the basics like water, food, shelter, information, manufactured
personal goods and health-care will be meaningless. (I'd expect big projects
like diverting the output of the energy of entire stars might still require
"discussion". :-) "
But the Triple Revolution discusses aspects of that to, from 1964. As does Marshall Sahlin's "Original Affluent Society".
In any case, this issue of demand relative to labor needs is a major crack in mainstream economics IHMO. And here is what someone did once when they found such a crack:
  "Keynes has found a crack in the classical theory. The first half of this book will be dedicated to prying it open. The second half is filling it in."
Limited demand for goods and services is not a problem for a p2p society if people do what they want and enjoy their "free time" and take from an abundant commons as they need to. But it is a big problem for an economic system based around eternal growth, where the only right to consume comes from renting out your personal labor; in such a system, most people would soon be considered surplus if demand does not grow to match supply.
China's "one child" policy was built in part on the idea of a "lump of labor" in relation to mainstream economics, and it is estimated that policy has prevented or terminated about 250 million pregnancies. That is just about the entire population of the USA, wiped out over some economic ideology about whether there are enough jobs or resources to go around.
It seems that the Chinese government decided to believe in the deadly combination -- believing in the lump of labor fallacy (limited demand) but also believing in mainstream scarcity-based economics.
One might think of this as a box with four quadrants:
lump of labor (limited demand) and lump of labor fallacy (unlimited demand)
mainstream macroeconomics (scarcity) vs. alternative economics (abundance)
I would put Marxism in the mainstream scarcity economics category. :-) Anything that does not include Julian Simon's idea of "people being the ultimate resource" might go in there. :-)
It seems there are only three safe areas:
* belief in "a lump of labor" (limited work and demand) but also believing in alternative abundance economics (and so a post-scarcity society)
* belief in "a lump of labor fallacy" (unlimited work and demand) but also believing in unlimited economic growth (so, capitalism works for everyone -- although I question this in practice).
* belief in the lump of labor fallacy (unlimited work and demand) but also believing in alternative abundance economics of equitable redistribution of what you have -- which would give you rationing but under the assumption there is always enough to go around produced by imaginative people.
But apparently, the fourth quadrant, believing in "a lump of labor" (limited work and demand) and some form of scarcity-based mainstream economics is very deadly.
An example from here:
"The Chinese government introduced the policy in 1979 to alleviate social, economic, and environmental problems in China,[4] and authorities claim that the policy has prevented more than 250 million births from its implementation to 2000.[2]  ... The original intent of the one-child policy was economic, to reduce the demand of natural resources, maintaining a steady labor rate, reducing unemployment caused from surplus labor, and reducing the rate of exploitation.[29][30] The CPC's justification for this policy was based on their support of Mao Zedong's and the Marxist theory of population growth, an idea which Marx took from Thomas Malthus.[29][30][31]"
Anyway, Michel, I hope you see why people uch as William Catton who don't know Malthus recanted his original idea can be deadly. A quarter of a billion human lives were snuffed out in China (or just never born) over a gloomy economic world view. Deadly stuff.
Now where are we going to get the billions and eventually trillions of people we need to fill up the self-replicating space habitats and seasteads, things made possible with all the abundance we get from the cost savings of moving to green energy? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-26 00:22:07
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
Good points.
Still, even as I think we are heading for an abundance of physical goods, this may fall into the category of "scarcity of attention", which is not necessarily artificial.
The more articles you have, the more they need to be policed against vandalism. And the more confusion there might be in the system. "Less is more" may sometimes be true.
So, to the extent the community is fixed, every article creates an extra burden. On the other hand, every article may create more users and editors. So, which way does the balance tip? And has it changed as most of the obvious articles have been written and new articles have less interested I'm not saying I agree -- one can have search engines. One can even have AIs to pay attention to things. :-) But that would be the argument.
Still, I like where you are going with the "artificial scarcity" argument and linking it to power. :-)
But what you are doing is basically questioning the notion of "notability", and by implication, maybe questioning the whole notion of a conventional encyclopedia as it has been known before the internet.
The implication of your point is really that we need a better paradigm for thinking about collaborative production and distribution of human knowledge than an "encyclopedia", IMHO. See, when someone like you (and maybe me) comes to the internet, we might say, "What can we do with the internet that is wonderful and useful?"
But other people may walk up to it and say, "How can I put an encyclopedia on the internet?", which is a very different issue.
 From Wikipedia:
An encyclopedia (also spelled encyclopaedia or encyclop?dia) is a comprehensive written compendium that holds information from either all branches of knowledge or a particular branch of knowledge. Encyclopedias are divided into articles with one article on each subject covered. The articles on subjects in an encyclopedia are usually accessed alphabetically by article name and can be contained in one volume or many volumes, depending on the amount of material included.[1] ...
   The encyclopaedia as we recognize it today was developed from the dictionary in the 18th century. Historically, both encyclopaedias and dictionaries have been researched and written by well-educated, well-informed content experts, but they are significantly different in structure. A dictionary primarily focuses on alphabetical listing of words and their definitions. Synonymous words and those related by the subject matter are to be found scattered around the dictionary, giving no obvious place for in-depth treatment. Thus, a dictionary typically provides limited information, analysis or background for the word defined. While it may offer a definition, it may leave the reader still lacking in understanding the meaning, significance or limitations of a term, and how the term relates to a broader field of knowledge.
   To address those needs, an encyclopaedia article covers not a word, but a subject or discipline. As well as defining and listing synonymous terms for the topic, the article is able to treat it in more depth and convey the most relevant accumulated knowledge on that subject. An encyclopaedia article also often includes many maps and illustrations, as well as bibliography and    Four major elements define an encyclopaedia: its subject matter, its scope, its method of organization, and its method of production:
     * Encyclopaedias can be general, containing articles on topics in every field (the English-language Encyclop?dia Britannica and German Brockhaus are well-known examples). General encyclopaedias often contain guides on how to do a variety of things, as well as embedded dictionaries and gazetteers. There are also encyclopaedias that cover a wide variety of topics but from a particular cultural, ethnic, or national perspective, such as the Great Soviet Encyclopedia or Encyclopaedia Judaica.
     * Works of encyclopedic scope aim to convey the important accumulated knowledge for their subject domain, such as an encyclopaedia of medicine, philosophy, or law. Works vary in the breadth of material and the depth of discussion, depending on the target audience. (For example, the Medical encyclopaedia produced by A.D.A.M., Inc. for the U.S. National Institutes of      * Some systematic method of organization is essential to making an encyclopaedia usable as a work of reference. There have historically been two main methods of organizing printed encyclopaedias: the alphabetical method (consisting of a number of separate articles, organised in alphabetical order), or organization by hierarchical categories. The former method is today the most common by far, especially for general works. The fluidity of electronic media, however, allows new possibilities for multiple methods of organization of the same content. Further, electronic media offer previously unimaginable capabilities for search, indexing and cross reference. The epigraph from Horace on the title page of the 18th century Encyclop?die suggests the importance of the structure of an encyclopaedia: "What grace may be added to commonplace matters by the power of order and      * As modern multimedia and the information age have evolved, they have had an ever-increasing effect on the collection, verification, summation, and presentation of information of all kinds. Projects such as Everything2, Encarta, h2g2, and Wikipedia are examples of new forms of the encyclopaedia as information retrieval becomes simpler. More specifically, Wikipedia has received acclaim for its scholarly nature, succinctness, verifiability, accuracy, and neutrality.[citation needed]
Maybe what went wrong was a confusion of product and process?
We need some process for accessing information that is commonly agreed on, or which provides summaries and consolidations, or which has links to literature that meets some standards of verification, or which presents information according to some perspective (even a supposedly neutral one), or which allows knowledgeable peers to contribute to it in a productive way.
But, that does not mean we need an "encyclopedia" as a product.
Still, this is not to disagree with Wikipedia entirely, in the sense that there is a part of Wikipedia which is about creating a community (and so, a community process) that writes to certain standards and policies itself (even as one might argue about the bias in those standards given they demand citing reference materials that have been produced by a scientific process very much tainted by capitalism or other ideological issues).
Somehow I am reminded of "A group is its worst enemy" by Clay Shirky:
(Not that everyone agrees with Shirky, like about handles.)
Still, how has the Wikipedia community become its own enemy?
Obviously, to some extent it has. How can that be fixed?
Is it something as simple as dropping the "notability" guideline now?
Makes me also think of Engelbart and a co-evolution of a community and its Does Wikipedia as a community need better tools that a wiki?
Ward Cunningham said wikis worked because older software built in the wrong expectations about how things should be done, and by imposing no restrictions, wikis let good processes emerge. But, it all is done manually. Now that Wikipedia has social processes that have emerged, could it benefit by building some of those into the code? With workflow? Or structured arguments? Or multi-perspective stuff? Or visualization tools? Or someway to rank articles on "notability" based on viewership (where less notable things are there but harder to find from indexes or topic links)? Or something else?
The deeper issues is also just the semantic web.
I set up a Halo Semantic MediaWiki for OSCOMAK, but it just seemed really awkward. But, that might be a next logical step for Wikipedia too, and maybe some of the semantic stuff might help building these new tools for the --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-26 08:54:23
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] detroit as new frontier 
The pictures of the abandoned school remind me of this:
   "An Abandoned City"
   Also related:
I've made this point before elsewhere, but I feel both the USA and the USSR lost the cold war.
But in general, seeing abandoned lands as a new frontier makes a lot of sense. But ultimately, the abandonment of a modern city is not so much about physical issues, as it is about social issues.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-26 09:42:53
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
And this gives me an opportunity to once again say, I feel the biggest problem of the 21st century is the tools of creating abundance in the hands of people thinking in terms of managing scarcity. And, to some extent, that is exactly what we see on Wikipedia as you and Michel point out -- scarcity thinking in a digital world of abundance. Like you say, if you don't want information on a topic at Wikipedia, the average user probably won't see it.
Still, I agree only up to point here on practical grounds. :-) Unfortunately, every article in Wikipedia can create a legal liability for the central organization in at least three ways, libel, copyright, and international censorship.
Libel (written slander) can show up on any page, and this creates a legal problem for Wikipedia (witness how much warning there is about issues in relation to commenting on living people). Sometimes (younger kids especially) someone might put up a non-complimentary page about someone in their social circle to hurt them. Wikipedia could be named in such a lawsuit.
Copyright-infringing information can show up and needs to be dealt with on a timely basis or Wikipedia could face vast amounts of monetary damages.
Information that is illegal in various countries can show up, which could entail jail time for people associated with Wikipedia if they travel to those countries.
These legal issues all deterred me from putting up and promoting OSCOMAK as a centralized site. They led me to prefer a distributed social semantic model where users or small topical workgroups would be more responsible for the legal implications of hosting their created content or transmitting it, not a central organization that can be attacked for every single legal problem as a single legal point of failure.
Another non-legal public relations problem is that some article with major problems might be presented to the press as evidence that Wikipedia itself has major problems (ignoring that Wikipedia has cybernetic feedback processes once issues are brought to the community's attention). This has happened several times in the past, like with the Ted Kennedy article or Even if only a tiny number of such situations show up, it can be a major public relations issue. So, now that Wikipedia has assets and a reputation to protect, it may be getting more conservative.
   "25 Biggest Blunders in Wikipedia History"
   "Wikipedia New Yorker Article Misrepresentation Exposed"
      "What The New Yorker Article Fraud Tells Us About Wikipedia"
   Then there is also the Spam problem.
So, for these sorts of reasons, there is a natural scarcity of editors based on the size of the current community, but a potentially infinite amount of articles (or edits to existing articles) that may cause problems for the Wikipedia organization legally or in terms of public relations.
Every new article takes some attention from the community to appraise it on its creation, and every existing article takes some effort to protect it, and human attention by core volunteers (about 1000?) is a limited resource, and most of the rest of the volunteers may not be as concerned about these liability issues. Some people probably really do monitor a stream like this on new pages or new changes, so the less editing and less new articles, the better from their point of view, as it is less work for them:
      In a way, does the existence of a "New Page" tool itself encourage deletionism? You suggest that average Wikipedia users won't see non-notable content unless they are interested in it, but because of these tools, there are people who will see it, and those people tend to be the ones who are more powerful within the system for various reasons (the administrators) and also the ones who feel the most overwhelmed and underpaid (mostly not paid at all). If we had a basic income in our society, then many people might just decide their contribution back to society would be to spend full-time taking care of Wikipedia (which by itself might decrease vandalism the way Jane Jacobs says many eyes on a city street does -- people won't even try it). Actually, Jane Jabobs' ideas might apply here as she says some community densities in the middle are worse than very dispersed or very dense, as you get the problems of random strangers interacting but not enough people to make solutions.
   I'm also reminded of analogies to exponential-growth assuming mainstream economics (and limited demand) as well as David Goodstein's Big Crunch idea about the exponential growth of academia ending in the 1970s and causing problems. As long as Wikipedia was growing exponentially, the case for most of the past decade, one could assume that there would always be a lot more people next year to deal with maintaining last year's content against vandalism. But, as soon as exponential growth of the community stopped, then the burden per editor for new articles starts going up tremendously. And, like any pyramid scheme, there are maybe not enough resources this year to deal with the obligations incurred last year. So, all of this controversy may be related to Wikipedia transitioning to a more steady-state model of I can wonder if there are any lessons here about the implications of the ending of industrial growth or service growth in large areas of the economy? Will endless new products just be seen as a burden? Have we reached that stage already in some ways, like with Vioxx or endless new car models of only minor variations?
I can wonder if we could have some unified mathematical model (smiles to Andrew :-) about both situations as systems like Wikipedia or the global economy transition from exponential growth in some areas to a steady-state?
Anyway, what I'm saying is, if there is a scarcity, it is not mainly about bandwith or storage capacity, but it is about aspects of the community like limited human attention or maybe something else.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-26 09:51:06
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Better P2P communications ideas (was Re: 
>>
 >>> This is soooooooo correct!  People don't realize just how much
 >>> damage has been done at the low end of labor...
 >>> ...
 >>> Happy to hear it discussed.  I somewhat feel as if Paul F. and I
 >>> have been saying it back and forth to each other in a vacuum.
 >> The day this list will enforce the same netiquette applied, without
 >> any effort, in almost other mailing lists around, many more
 >> subscribers will regularly engage in conversations. Right now, 90% of
 >> traffic here is a uselessly verbose flow of unreadable, messed up
 >> text.
 >
I agree with the desire to see good models pointed out.
Here is a little plug in for the as-yet-to-be-fully-realized social semantic desktop idea:
   About SemanticDesktop.org
   The Internet, electronic mail, and the Web have revolutionized the way we communicate and collaborate - their mass adoption is one of the major technological success stories of the 20th century. We all are now much more connected, and in turn face new resulting problems: information overload caused by insufficient support for information organization and collaboration. For example, sending a single file to a mailing list multiplies the cognitive processing effort of filtering and organizing this file times the number of recipients -- leading to more and more of peoples' time going into information filtering and information management activities. There is a need for smarter and more fine-grained computer support for personal and networked information that has to blend the boundaries between personal and group data, while simultaneously safeguarding privacy and establishing and deploying trust among collaborators.
   The Semantic Web holds promises for information organization and selective access, providing standards means for formulating and distributing metadata and Ontologies.
   Still, we miss a wide use of Semantic Web technologies on personal computers. The use of ontologies, metadata annotations, and semantic web protocols on desktop computers will allow the integration of desktop applications and the web, enabling a much more focused and integrated personal information management as well as focused information distribution and collaboration on the Web beyond sending emails. The vision of the Semantic Desktop for personal information management and collaboration has been around for a long time: visionaries like Vanevar Bush and Doug Engelbart have formulated and partially realized these ideas. However, for the largest part their ideas remained a vision for far too long since the foundational technologies necessary to render their ideas into reality were not yet invented -- these ideas were proposing jet planes, where the rest of the world had just invented the parts to build a bicycle. However, recently the computer science community has developed the means to make this vision a      * The Semantic Web effort ( provides standards and technologies for the definition and exchange of metadata and      * Open-source software (like OpenOffice) and the especially the Linux operating system make it possible to reuse and build on top of existing sophisticated systems and create an open personal information management system and collaborative infrastructure based on Semantic Web build into the operating system of current machines.
     * Collaboration, acquisition and dissemination infrastructures like Wikis and Blogs are providing the foundation for joint collaborative knowledge creation and are essentially simplified knowledge acquisition tools.
     * Social Software maps the social connections between different people into the technical infrastructure. Online Social Networking enables collaboration relationships as first class citizens, and allows exploiting these relationships for automated information distribution and classification.
     * P2P and Grid computing, especially in combination with the Semantic Web field, develops technology to interconnect large communities without centralized infrastructures for data and computation sharing, which is necessary to build heterogeneous, multi-organizational collaboration networks.
   The application of the mentioned technologies, especially in combination with the Semantic Web, to the desktop computer in order to improve personal information management and collaboration is the main topic of this workshop. Several systems have been created already to explore this field, e.g., the Haystack system at MIT, the Gnowsis system at DFKI, D-BIN by SEMEDIA, OpenIris by SRI, or the Chandler system by the OSA foundation.
   Each of these systems only address some parts of the picture. Furthermore we are in danger of resulting in many fragmented efforts, each of which will not reach critical mass and thus will not be able to penetrate the user space wide enough to result in mass adoption.
The EU recently put 11.5 million euros into one such framework:
   And I have my own Pointrel system (triple-based) that goes back a quarter century to add to the fragmentation. :-) I mentioned it to the Chandler people when they were starting, but they went a different way.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-26 09:54:47
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A depressed neighborhood in Dallas, 
A book from 1993 I found inspirational a long time ago:
"Ecocity Berkeley" by Richard Register
"Ecocity Berkeley offers innovative city planning solutions that would work anywhere, but the book offers a vision of what the future can be like with a fair amount of planning beforehand. This book is very inspirational, and could be used to advocate similar planning improvements in any large city. This book is meant for anyone interested in environmental activism, and anyone looking for serious innovations in their city."
People have been wanting to do this kind of stuff for a long time.
By the way, on that design which seems to have some tall buildings, Jane Jacobs suggests that architeture higher than three of four stories is problematical socially as far as community safety (it is beyond the height where you can shout down onto the street). Philadelphia was praised by her for its lower buildings.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-26 10:04:18
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
Our tax dollars at work. :-(
But there is some open stuff out there. But they demand too much of users.    "Metacrap: Putting the torch to seven straw-men of the meta-utopia"
   Metadata is "data about data" -- information like keywords, page-length, title, word-count, abstract, location, SKU, ISBN, and so on. Explicit, human-generated metadata has enjoyed recent trendiness, especially in the world of XML. A typical scenario goes like this: a number of suppliers get together and agree on a metadata standard -- a Document Type Definition or scheme -- for a given subject area, say washing machines. They agree to a common vocabulary for describing washing machines: size, capacity, energy consumption, water consumption, price. They create machine-readable databases of their inventory, which are available in whole or part to search agents and other databases, so that a consumer can enter the parameters of the washing machine he's seeking and query multiple sites simultaneously for an exhaustive list of the available washing machines that meet his criteria.
   If everyone would subscribe to such a system and create good metadata for the purposes of describing their goods, services and information, it would be a trivial matter to search the Internet for highly qualified, context-sensitive results: a fan could find all the downloadable music in a given genre, a manufacturer could efficiently discover suppliers, travelers could easily choose a hotel room for an upcoming trip.
   A world of exhaustive, reliable metadata would be a utopia. It's also a pipe-dream, founded on self-delusion, nerd hubris and hysterically inflated market opportunities. ...
I don't completely agree though. I think better tools can help (structured arguments, structured interlinking for related data within a tool), and the community will co-evolve with those tools. There was a time when people though it too much trouble to give titles to emails too.
Nonetheless, Cory Doctorow's points about people all need to be appreciated and addressed in the design of systems. The list of points from the table of # 2. The problems
     * 2.1 People lie
     * 2.2 People are lazy
     * 2.3 People are stupid
     * 2.4 Mission: Impossible -- know thyself
     * 2.5 Schemas aren't neutral
     * 2.6 Metrics influence results
     * 2.7 There's more than one way to describe something
Part of his conclusion: "This sort of observational metadata is far more reliable than the stuff that human beings create for the purposes of having their documents found. It cuts through the marketing bullshit, the self-delusion, and the vocabulary collisions. "
One might also conclude that the cost to the "Noosphere" of a competitive economic system that leads to confusion through spam and deceptive advertising, and limits the amount of time people have to contribute free content related to their interests and understanding, those costs may now vastly outweigh any potential benefit one might suggest comes from a system that rewards individual entrepreneurs for operating businesses or individual workers for going to work. So, the semantic web itself may demand a change in our economic organizing principles. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-26 11:18:12
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
Just by chance in today's slashdot:
"Researchers at Microsoft have invented a system for tagging images by
reading brain scans from an electroencephalograph (EEG). Tagging images is an important task because many images on the web are unlabeled and have no semantic information. This new method allows an appropriate tag to be generated by an AI algorithm interpreting the EEG scan of a person's brain while they view an image. The person need only view the image for as little as 500 ms. Other current methods for generating tags include flat out paying people to do it manually, putting the task on Amazon Mechanical Turk, or using Google Image Labeler."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-26 11:51:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thanks for: Suggestions wanted for education to 
I see you talk positively about "TeacherMate".
"The great educational minicomputer that didn't want to exist"
Here are some comments by me on that from a different perspective (more self-directed learning oriented):
"Re: [Open Manufacturing] Re: Fab Fund, Fab Academy"
I wrote there:
Returning to the general Fablab theme, as a parallel, it was exciting to
think about computers in the classroom supplying arbitrary learning on
demand; but the overall system seems to be counter-subverting that:
    "TeacherMate:This classroom tool only looks like a toy"
    "One, two, three, all eyes on me," commands the young teacher, prompting the
room of children ? mostly the sons and daughters of Asian immigrants ? to
pay attention to Ms. Sonny, as they call her, at least for a moment. "What
kind of voices should we have when we're on our TeacherMates?" she asks,
after passing out what look like toy gadgets, ? la Nintendo's Game Boy.
"Soft," they respond in unison, as they fidget with the plastic
minicomputers, switching them on and plugging in headsets. ... Perfecting a
computer for young students is not necessarily a technological feat, says
Ms. Adams. The technology exists, but finding the right formula of hardware
and software has been elusive. She says TeacherMate may have hit that right
mix by giving teachers control over the technology and allowing them to
customize it to fit different curricula. ... "We call it TeacherMate for a
reason. The concept is that this is supporting you, the teacher," he says.
It was important that the tool supported what was already going on in the
classroom and followed the school curriculum. ... Ms. Sonny returns to the
center of the room. She claps twice, snaps her fingers twice. The students
reluctantly look up from their TeacherMates. "Unplug your headsets, put your
handsets in the bag, and power down."
Anyway, the OLPC as a system seems designed for open-ended constructivist exploration, even if it has many failings (Sugar unfortunately closed down a lot of exploration by making the OLPC unable to easily run regular GNU/Linux software; it would have made more sense as a window manager or set of Gnome But the TeacherMate seems designed for hierarchical control of the learning process, at the other extreme.
 From the article:
"A handheld device also feels more personal, so children pay more attention to it, and is much more compatible with an age (5-7 years) when sitting still for long stretches feels like torture."
Someday, like with what the USA does in Guantanamo bay, people may start to say that what "feels like torture" actually is torture. :-(
"Prisoner torture 'not sanctioned'"
Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld's November 2002 memo approved several methods which apparently would violate Geneva Convention rules, including:
     * putting detainees in "stress positions" for up to four hours; ...
Like with Guantanamo bay, all the same excuses are used for interrogating and torturing children psychologically -- it's for national security, it's for the good of everyone else, it's to protect us all from chaos, or it's actually good so the child can see the error of his or her ways sooner and come over to the elite side, etc..
Psychological science says that how kids learn best is not how schools teach. Sociological science and a study of history explains why there is *intentionally* that gap between how schools teach and how kids learn.
   "Why Schools Don't Educate" by John Taylor Gatto
   I've noticed a fascinating phenomenon in my twenty-five years of teaching - that schools and schooling are increasingly irrelevant to the great enterprises of the planet. No one believes anymore that scientists are trained in science classes or politicians in civics classes or poets in English classes. The truth is that schools don't really teach anything except how to obey orders. This is a great mystery to me because thousands of humane, caring people work in schools as teachers and aides and administrators but the abstract logic of the institution overwhelms their individual contributions. Although teachers do care and do work very hard, the institution is psychopathic - it has no conscience. It rings a bell and the young man in the middle of writing a poem must close his notebook and move to different cell where he must memorize that man and monkeys derive from a common ancestor.
   Our form of compulsory schooling is an invention of the state of Massachusetts around 1850. It was resisted - sometimes with guns - by an estimated eighty per cent of the Massachusetts population, the last outpost in Barnstable on Cape Cod not surrendering its children until the 1880's when the area was seized by militia and children marched to school under guard.
   Now here is a curious idea to ponder. Senator Ted Kennedy's office released a paper not too long ago claiming that prior to compulsory education the state literacy rate was 98% and after it the figure never again reached above 91% where it stands in 1990. I hope that interests you.
   Here is another curiosity to think about. The homeschooling movement has quietly grown to a size where one and a half million young people are being educated entirely by their own parents. Last month the education press reported the amazing news that children schooled at home seem to be five or even ten years ahead of their formally trained peers in their ability to think.
   I don't think we'll get rid of schools anytime soon, certainly not in my lifetime, but if we're going to change what is rapidly becoming a disaster of ignorance, we need to realize that the school institution "schools" very well, but it does not "educate" - that's inherent in the design of the thing. It's not the fault of bad teachers or too little money spent, it's just impossible for education and schooling ever to be the same thing.
   Schools were designed by Horace Mann and Barnard Sears and Harper of the University of Chicago and Thorndyke of Columbia Teachers College and some other men to be instruments of the scientific management of a mass population. Schools are intended to produce through the application of formulae, formulaic human beings whose behavior can be predicted and controlled.
   To a very great extent, schools succeed in doing this. But our society is disintegrating, and in such a society, the only successful people are self-reliant, confident, and individualistic - because the community life which protects the dependent and the weak is dead. The products of schooling are, as I've said, irrelevant. Well-schooled people are irrelevant. They can sell film and razor blades, push paper and talk on the telephones, or sit mindlessly before a flickering computer terminal but as human beings they are useless. Useless to others and useless to themselves.
   The daily misery around us is, I think, in large measure caused by the fact that - as Paul Goodman put it thirty years ago - we force children to grow up absurd. Any reform in schooling has to deal with its absurdities. It is absurd and anti-life to be part of a system that compels you to sit in confinement with people of exactly the same age and social class. That system effectively cuts you off from the immense diversity of life and the synergy of variety, indeed it cuts you off from your own part and future, scaling you to a continuous present much the same way television does.
   It is absurd and anti-life to be part of a system that compels you to listen to a stranger reading poetry when you want to learn to construct buildings, or to sit with a stranger discussing the construction of buildings when you want to read poetry.
   It is absurd and anti-life to move from cell to cell at the sound of a gong for every day of your natural youth in an institution that allows you no privacy and even follows you into the sanctuary of your home demanding that you do its "homework".
   "How will they learn to read?" you say and my answer is "Remember the lessons of Massachusetts." When children are given whole lives instead of age-graded ones in cellblocks they learn to read, write, and do arithmetic with ease if those things make sense in the kind of life that unfolds around them. ...
Just because school teachers learn to be cute and use rhymes like "One, two, three, all eyes on me" to control children does not mean they are not doing children great harm, and producing psychological traumas that may last a Anyway, we can build our political assumptions into our infrastructure. TeacherMate builds in a very different (and anti-P2P) set of assumptions into our infrastructure than the more pro-P2P OLPC project.
Which, of course, is why so many teachers love it, as you correctly pointed out.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-26 18:11:59
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Also, email creates distributed redundant copies of information in lots of places. Twitters pointing to links on one site (or even more than one) creates a single point of failure where the content is hosted.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-26 19:09:50
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
Maybe I'm not explaining this well.
Let me try again with more rambles on this. :-) I'm not saying I'm right on this; I'm just trying to advance a plausible argument for deletionism and notability for Wikipedia, even as I agree 100% it seems out of hand if it is driving people away. And personally, I wish that page on the Infinity, Ltd sci-fi society had not been deleted.
I'm suggesting that the more pages Wikipedia has, the more likely someone can place information that creates legal liability for Wikipedia. With many, many mostly trivial pages, no one may notice something is seriously wrong with one of them until someone is directly and seriously offended, and can then say that information has been up for a year, and then sue or attack Wikipedia somehow over it. This is a legal issue, and maybe, ultimately, the remedy for it should be legal and not technical or community process?
Consider, for example, just to show I'm not making this up completely out of "Italian Prosecutors Seek Prison Sentences For Google Execs"
""Milan prosecutors have sought prison sentences ranging from six months to one year for four Google executives accused of violating Italy's privacy laws over the posting of a video showing the bullying of a handicapped teenage boy. The prosecutor's request was backed up by a request by lawyers representing the Milan city council for ?300,000 (US$452,000) in moral and material damages. The case concerns the posting on Google Video of a three-minute mobile-phone video showing a handicapped boy being tormented by his classmates in a Turin school.""
More on that:
"mikesd81 writes to tell us that four Google employees may be facing charges of defamation and failure to control personal data simply because they didn't remove a video of a boy with Down's Syndrome being harassed and eventually hit over the head with a box of tissue, from Google Video. The video was posted in September of 2006 and was removed by Google within a day of receiving the initial complaints, but apparently that isn't fast enough."
A focus on articles being "notable" and "verifiable" is one defense for Wikipedia staff perhaps -- that they are trying to avoid such problems, and so if there is a problem, it is not due to ill will or lack of trying, but just the nature of running a big useful site.
Also, beyond setting up a legal defense, sure, notable articles can get spammed or vandalized, but they will be fixed fairly quickly. Others probably won't. So, the risk vs. reward is different for articles with different interest levels. Every page that is created poses a new risk for Wikipedia; the risks worth taking are the pages that have the most value to the community.
The "notable" articles, probably really meaning popular articles or culturally iconic articles maybe, will get a lot of people viewing them, and problems will be quickly found and corrected. Less popular pages probably create just as much legal liability per incident, but are less likely to be fixed quickly (so, maybe more likely to generate legal action? weighed against them being less likely to be viewed, except maybe by someone using a search engine specifically looking for trouble somehow), and those less notable pages are also somehow worth less to the community. So, the risk is less worth taking for less notable pages.
One might draw some kind of curve of risk vs. reward for pages of different interest levels.
Let me give a hypothetical example (making up some numbers).
Wikipedia has about three million articles in English.
I'm guessing (is there some analysis somewhere?), following the usual an exponential distribution with a "long tail" that articles fall into some categories of more "notable" to less "notable":
1% of articles are really important to a lot of people.
10% of articles are fairly important to quite a few people..
30% of articles are interesting to some people.
50% of articles are interesting to a very few people.
9% of articles are of no interest except to people who made them and maybe their friends.
Those are just guesses (anyone here know?), and they assume deletionism has been going strong for a while, and they may even be skewed toward too much interest. Maybe 50% of articles are of little interest -- I don't know for sure. But I can guess at least 10% of articles are probably fairly interesting, so probably at most 90% of articles are probably not that But what if Wikipedia grew 1000X to be three billion articles, purely by people adding random "non-notable" things, and 99.9% of articles were of no interest to anyone but the people who made them and a few friends? I just looked at one new article today from the new articles page and it was a woman's name and a few silly things about her (maybe not even derogatory, just silly) and was marked already for speedy deletion. In general, without a lot of policing, people might even just start using Wikipedia as -- shudders -- a wiki! :-) So, people across the globe might just start using it like a public chalk board.
If only, say, 0.01% (so, one hundredth of one percent) of the Wikipedia content was of interest to at least a very few people, there would be no way for the community to police what was going on, assuming the community was not suddenly very much larger. But the Wikipedia community seems to have stopped growing a lot, either because of the deletionism or, more likely, that there are a lot of other alternatives for attention on the internet and all the easy notable articles are there and the exponential growth of people coming onto the web is ending.
So, by letting there be billions of pages that were not "notable", there would be no way to have any hope of ensuring content was not a liability until the legal notices came in. And then that would take a lot of time to Of course, one can still argue about where the cut-off on "notability" should be. And that is probably pretty subjective. It might make more sense to look, after a year, at articles that have few page views and delete those. Or, maybe, have a way people can click to say they thought the article was important to mod it up if few people viewed it, or something like that (assuming that would work).
Now, if you look at the web, probably 99.9% of the content is of no interest except to people who make it and their friends. That still may mean tens of millions of interesting pages for everyone, because the web is now so large (billions and billion of pages -- Google says they now see a trillion unique    So, if Wikipedia goes that way, it basically becomes the web somehow. And maybe that's a good idea, but it's just not what the creators and the people who joined them have in mind.
Now, maybe those people are just misguided in some way. Maybe it would be best to just have a public wiki space with a search engine and a moderation system? Maybe the idea of an encyclopedia is obsolete?
Or, maybe there should be some way for Wikipedia to support multiple groups working towards their own encyclopedias by their own guidelines? So, there could be one wiki group with very aggressive deletion policies, but there might be another group with lax ones or none at all, and there might be other groups that tried to connect knowledge from various perspectives somehow. I don't know if that would work out. It's just a thought.
One idea I developed for the Pointrel system in some versions was that you could layer archives of triples on top of each other to create synthesized composite views. So, people might have a common core and then layer different data on top of it.
The deep issue is, giving wikis can hold anything, what is the "value added" that the Wikipedia community is offering over, say, the original wiki?
   Consider what is said there:
   Wiki Is Not Wikipedia
As this wiki matures a curious pattern emerges.
In the olden days, people learned to Wiki here, then migrated out to other These days, WikiPuppys who grew up with WikiPedia come here. Sometimes, they start applying its norms to our edits.
Folks, these are the norms for this wiki:
     * unattributed viewpoints
     * original research
     * fussing, noise, fun, actual and inactual advances
     * thread mode, jokes, and transclusions
     * content shamelessly ripped off from other forums, possibly without      * signed works by WikiAuthors
     * unsigned works by actual authors
Nothing here needs to be chronically cleansed of any potential for dissent!
So, what is Wikipedia? A tool? And information source? A community? A set of rules or principles? A license? An index into "notable" content? A set of servers that can get hit hard and keep running? All of those things? None of them if it just an idea of an "online encyclopedia"?
Before we can talk about how Wikipedia can be better, we need to say what it is, or what it is trying to be?
How is Wikipedia different than Ward's Wiki? And why? And what does that mean now and in the future?
Maybe a big issue is just "identity"? Or "mission"?
But in this big complex and changing world, "identity" itself can be a slippery subject. Maybe the real issue is not, has Wikipedia lost editors, but, has Wikipedia lost its identity somehow?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-26 19:42:24
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
I figured out a way to test this. I clicked on "random article" a whole bunch of times, and I'm thinking my original guess was correct. In fact, the number of articles of no interest was even lower than I expected. I was surprised how high the "notability" was.
Anyway, people can try that themselves a hundred time to get some sense from statistical sampling of what the articles might be like (as seen filtered through our individual perspectives).
By the way, with wikipedia having an autofill in mode when you type in the search box, that is another place that having many articles with similar names would be distracting. I'm not saying that is and overwhelming issue, but one example of where large numbers of trivial articles might be distracting.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-27 08:52:52
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thanks for: Suggestions wanted for education to 
My analysis of the OLPC project:
* They used the wrong processor at the start (the ARM they are choosing now would have made the system cheaper and improved battery life).
* Sugar was a disaster -- not because of the aspiration, but because it should have been an "add on", to add social networking or simplified user interfaces on top of Gnome (or KDE) for GNU/Linux; as it was, Sugar prevented software developers like me from developing software for the OLPC because it made the OLPC a tiny niche compared to GNU/Linux, plus Sugar was a moving target.
* Emphasizing Python for writing all the applications made the whole thing slow; OLPC should have stuck with plain GNU/Linux so apps were in fast by being mainly in C  (given the slow processor), or moved to a Java system as soon as that became "free as in freedom", or alternative gone entirely with Squeak (which always had an open ended education focus and was end-user modifiable). Even just building on Forth might have worked out better than Python, in which case GNU/Linux would not have been needed at all, simplifying the entire project to Forth plus what people built on top of that. Forth can be implemented in a cheap FPGA instead of a CPU, which might have brought hardware costs down even more.
* The hardware focus was misplaced. Software really was where it was at. A simple reading tutorial program and a simple math tutorial program that were self-paced would have probably been a bigger net benefit.
* The hardware fit with the culture was wrong (not to mention exposes children to theft risks). Village cultures would have benefited more from village PCs, so, a centralized public library-like facility for the village with a satellite internet connection and one hardened PC computer plus many cheaper terminals (even cell-phone like if needed to reduce costs).
* The decision not to sell to the industrialized world on a consistent basis was a mistake, because that would have been a way to lower costs through increased volume as well as interest more developers.
I bought two OLPCs (well, four :-) to try out for development. I did port some code to the OLPC (from our PlantStudio software) but it was very slow in Python. I might have improved the performance, but it did not seem worth it due to Sugar and the time it would take to Sugarize the app. Ultimately, Sugar was too much of a hassle to deal with constant changes with and too poorly designed IMHO at the time, even as it continues to improve and even as the ideas in Sugar are good. As a developer of free software with limited time doing this on my own time, why should I spend time developing for Sugar when I could just develop either for GNU/Linux in general or for Java? In that sense, the OLPC project alienated itself from the developer community, misjudging how developers would look at this. As I see it, having to triage my efforts, by poor strategy, OLPC and Sugar forced me to make a difficult choice -- I could spend my time making an application just for the OLPC with an installed base of, at most, a million materially poor kids (worthwhile, obviously), or I could make software (or, it turns out, content) for hundreds of millions of people who could run Java or tens of millions who run GNU/Linux, with the expectation that in a couple of years, millions of materially poor children when other projects just put regular GNU/Linux in their hands or Java based computers. It was a difficult choice. Having to even think about it pretty much stalled my work towards an OLPC app. I think many free software developers would not even have gone that far.
More than US$20 million dollars was spent on the OLPC project just for hardware development and software infrastructure like Sugar. I think it has very little to show for it in that sense (even as I think our society would be justified in trying 1000 OLPC type experiments, so I think more money should go into this area despite the problems I outline). The new quirky OLPC screen is rapidly becoming obsolete compared to eInk digital paper. That is the nature of fast moving hardware these days. The hardware design is already being discarded (with finally a move to ARM instead of an x86 based processor as anyone with embedded experience might have told them at the start). The software is incomplete and buggy, while there are literally thousands of GNU/Linux applications that kids could have been using but on a practical basis cannot because Sugar makes that hard, and otherwise there might have been even more educational tools inspired by the OLPC but made for GNU/Linux in general if developers did not have to wrestle with Sugar (and its many incomplete incarnations). The OLPC pricing model failed in the sense that anyone in the consumer electronics industry could have told Negroponte that only one third of the retail cost of products is the hardware (the rest is supply chain costs, profit, recouping R&D, or advertising and so on), so pricing a retail US$600 netbook at US$200 from huge orders through a non-profit was no great magic. (And there were cheap classroom computers as well as smart cellphones even when the OLPC project In the long term though, yes, I think there will be one (or many) computers per child. And overall, OLPC was a worthwhile attempt, even despite it making just about every obvious error such a project could make (like they went out of their way to fail, and were still a bit of a success anyway. :-) We just need many, many more such attempts. To reiterate, because I said so much bad about Sugar, I think the goals of Sugar made sense, they were just implemented in an unfortunate way, to get in the way of all use of software, rather than as as add on.
As the "hole in the wall" project showed, and it existed before the OLPC project, illiterate children in materially poor circumstances can pick up common computer interfaces very quickly.
   Repurposing old computers might make a lot of sense too. IBM and other big companies every year take literally millions of older laptops and crush them. (I had a plan to turn those into display walls and built a prototype at IBM Research.) Same for older cellphones that could be repurposed (some people edit Wikipedia from their cellphones), and maybe even reprogrammed as terminals with a local network. In two to three years or so, the current generation of smart phones just coming out like the Google Droid will be discarded for something new, and those might make terrific cheap education    So, Droid is a more tempting platform to me for educational software than the OLPC and Sugar in that sense of a big market. :-)
Imagine, Google and Verizon could even make a promise now to customers -- buy your Droid through Verizon, and in two years, if you continue your cell phone plan, we will give you the latest Droid version and if you return the old one to a Verizon store, we'll send it to materially poor kids loaded with educational software that teaches them how to read, write, and do math. And with bluetooth, and WiFi, the Droid could even have some software that works along the lines that Sugar aspired to do, with kids collaborating together. What a deal -- and it might greatly boost current sales. :-) Maybe someone should forward this note to someone they know at Google or Verizon? :-) Seriously, what US teacher would not buy a Droid over an iPhone knowing it was going to teach some poor kid to read in two years? (Of course, Apple might eventually have to follow suit. :-) And that gives me and the rest of the free software developer world two years to write all that free software for those kids. :-) Of course, it might be nice if Google or Verizon helped some of those free software developers to write lots of cool stuff (millions of dollars in support for education software could just be considered part of their advertising budget). But it might happen even if they did not directly provide support, because a lot of developers might see the potential, as I did. And it might help Droid sales even now, for parents to hand their Droid to their kid who was learning to read or write or do arithmetic, and it would help the kid. Parents might even buy a Droid for all their kids, and think that in two years, those Droids would also go to materially poor nations. This project might even help boost the economic recovery in the USA. And of course, there are many Android devices beside the Droid, so all of those might benefit as well from educational software. And, the Android platform already runs well under almost any PC OS in emulation. So, any free software made for the Android will also run right now on any desktop or laptop, and likely that integration could be improved even more over time. I'm using an Android emulator on the Mac for playing around toward an Android app I'm thinking of releasing as non-free at first to pay the bills -- as sad as it is for me to go back to writing non-free software. :-( At least if I sell it myself, I can later free it, whereas if I write proprietary stuff for others as I have in the past, it can never be Here is why I feel somewhat qualified to criticize OLPC, :-) a post I made about a US$100 educational laptop from 2001 (yes, probably years before it was a gleam in Negroponte's eye :-), and I still think my design outlined there makes a lot of sense (except a SSD would be better, true): :-)
   "[unrev-II] The DKR hardware I'd like to make..."
  "Developing and then deploying this sort of device is the sort of thing
the UN or a major foundation should fund (if they were on the ball).
But luckily, there is hope from toymakers!"
So, I should now add, "But luckily, there is hope from the cellphone makers!" :-)
Seriously, this sort of planning for a formal transfer of millions of Droids to the materially poor world in two to three years could shake the foundations of our global society in a good way. (A bit of a pun intended there too -- foundations, shake the money tree, get it? No? OK, so I'm a programmer, not a comedian. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-27 10:55:28
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Godwin's Law of Nazi Comparisons on the Internet 
Yes, that is very insightful, to begin to see things along a continuum, rather than logical discontinuities, even as, at some point, a quantitative difference becomes a qualitative difference.
"They Thought They Were Free: The Germans, 1933-45"
"To live in this process is absolutely not to be able to notice it ? please try to believe me ? unless one has a much greater degree of political awareness, acuity, than most of us had ever had occasion to develop. Each step was so small, so inconsequential, so well explained or, on occasion, ?regretted,? that, unless one were detached from the whole process from the beginning, unless one understood what the whole thing was in principle, what all these ?little measures? that no ?patriotic German? could resent must some day lead to, one no more saw it developing from day to day than a farmer in his field sees the corn growing. One day it is over his head.
In one of the youtube videos of Jacque Fresco talking about the origins of the Venus Project, he suggests that when an economy collapses, people will tend to turn to the "strong man" dictator to save them. (I can't find that exact video again yet.)
If what we see today is the failure of capitalism, then it is not unreasonable to suggest that we may see dictatorship as the response to the economic crisis of "abundance". As I see it, ironically, the failure of capitalism may be through the abundance capitalism is producing violating the scarcity assumptions underlying capitalism, with abundance producing effects like rising unemployment through increasing automation and limited demand. Obvious solutions like a basic income or a gift economy or a "resource-based economy (Fresco's suggestion) don't fit the scarcity mythology of capitalism, and so can't be tried. It is not insanity within the capitalist world view to assume capitalism blows itself up (that's just "natural" with plenty of recent evidence, and is one natural outcome of competition), but it *is* obvious insanity to the capitalist word view and a social system based around managing scarcity to assume abundance through sharing is possible, because abundance and sharing violates the most important central assumption of our industrialized society, that there is not enough to go around unless people are forced to produce it on threat of individual starvation and individual poverty. So, it makes more ideological sense to turn to dictatorship and keep capitalism, rather than have democracy and try something different as far as economics.
By the way, my attempted humorous take on that: :-) I'll repost it here:
"A post-scarcity "Downfall" parody remix of the bunker scene"
Dialog of alternatively a military officer and Hitler:
Officer: "It looks like there are now local digital fabrication facilities here, here, and here."
Hitler: "But we still have the rockets we need to take them out?"
"The rockets have all been used to launch seed automated machine shops for
self-replicating space habitats for more living space in space."
"What about the nuclear bombs?"
"All turned into battery-style nuclear power plants for island cities in the
"What about the tanks?"
"The diesel engines have been remade to run biodiesel and are powering the
internet hubs supplying technical education to the rest of the world."
"I can't believe this. What about the weaponized plagues?"
"The gene engineers turned them into antidotes for most major diseases like
malaria, tuberculosis, cancer, and river blindness."
"Well, send in the Daleks."
"The Daleks have been re-outfitted to terraform Mars. There all gone with
the rockets."
"Well, use the 3D printers to print out some more grenades."
"We tried that, but they only are printing toys, food, clothes, shelters,
solar panels, and more 3D printers, for some reason."
"But what about the Samsung automated machine guns?"
"They were all reprogrammed into automated bird watching platforms. The guns
were taken out and melted down into parts for agricultural robots."
"I just can't believe this. We've developed the most amazing technology the
world has ever known in order to create artificial scarcity so we could rule
the world through managing scarcity. Where is the scarcity?"
"Gone, Mein Fuhrer, all gone. All the technologies we developed for weapons
to enforce scarcity have all been used to make abundance."
"How can we rule without scarcity? Where did it all go so wrong? ...
Everyone with an engineering degree leave the room ... now!"
[Cue long tirade on the general incompetence of engineers. :-) Then cue long
tirade on how could engineers seriously wanted to help the German workers to
not have to work so hard when the whole Nazi party platform was based on
providing full employment using fiat dollars. Then cue long tirade on how
could engineers have taken the socialism part seriously and shared the
wealth of nature and technology with everyone globally.]
Hitler: "So how are the common people paying for all this?"
Officer: "Much is free, and there is a basic income given to everyone for the rest. There is so much to go around with the robots and 3D printers and solar panels and so on, that most of the old work no longer needs to be done."
"You mean people get money without working at jobs? But nobody would work?"
"Everyone does what they love. And they are producing so much just as gifts."
"Oh, so you mean people are producing so much for free that the economic
system has failed?"
"Yes, the old pyramid scheme one, anyway. There is a new post-scarcity
economy, where between automation and a a gift economy the
income-through-jobs link is almost completely broken. Everyone also gets
income as a right of citizenship as a share of all our resources for the few
things that still need to be rationed. Even you."
"Really? How much is this basic income?"
"Two thousand a month."
"Two thousand a month? Just for being me?"
"Well, with a basic income like that, maybe I can finally have the time and
resources to get back to my painting..."
 From comments at Amazon about this book:
    "Adolf Hitler: The Unknown Artist" by Billy F. Price
    "Hitler was known to be a "frustrated artist." ... When Hitler had applied
to the art school in Vienna, he was turned down. They did recommend that he
become an architect since he enjoyed painting buildings. Unfortunately, he
had dropped out of school when his father had died and was not qualified for
entry into architect's school. So, he went into politics instead. Imagine
how different the history of the twentieth century would have been had they
accepted him into the art school."
A basic income might have averted WWII. What might it help with now?
It's hard to build a self-consistent wold view in the face of rapid technological and social change, even leaving out issues of values.
I like a lot of what, say, Jacque Fresco says, even as I think he assumes too much about science being value neutral. But he makes some good points here about scientists creating the machines of war, but somehow not seeing himself how there is a contradiction there is suggesting we can use only science to design a new future:
  And here is Jacque Fresco on why local solutions are limited:
   And while I agree in general, he may miss the point that a lot of local solutions might add up to global solutions. And that undercuts his point about a single unified cybernetic solution.
I also feel Fresco discounts here how the values that you bring to science (perhaps from some form of religion) may affect what you research, how you interpret your conclusions, or what you build as a result:
   For example, "efficiency" as he mentions there in designing a sailboat is always relative to your values. Jacque Fresco may have religious values in a sense, many of them good ones, but he doesn't seem to want to admit them. He does talk about values here:
      But I have not yet seen him acknowledging that what he suggests is, in a sense, a religion, built around values and assumptions and a choice of tools and perspectives with which to approach the universe. And everyone has a religion in that sense, of making assumptions, supporting values, and choosing tools to reason with or express those values and assumptions.
Even Hitler had a self-consistent "world view" to justify what he did:
   "Hitler's World View: A Blueprint for Power" by Eberhard J?ckel'"
   "A highly intelligent and very valuable book by one of the ablest writers on Nazism in Germany. Hitler's world view-the intellectual system which was the dynamic force of his career--is too often omitted from the history of his movement. J?ckel has reconstructed it with great skill and scholarship. His book tills a serious gap: it shows us the human motor which drove that otherwise inexplicable machine of brutal conquest and extermination. ... [J?ckel's] critique of the self-contradictions historical research has brought upon itself by abandoning systematic analysis and relying instead on intuitive judgments and the obiter dicta of ex-Nazis such as Hermann Rauschning is cogent and convincing. So also is his analysis of the development of Hitler's ideas from the "conventional foundations" with which he began in 1920."
Anyway, the past as regards Hitler is perhaps best seen as a caution about self-consistency not being enough. There were endless scientific rationalizations in Germany at the time for the Jewish holocaust.
And it was also all "legal" by local laws -- or made so, after the fact, the Nazis being sticklers for thorough paperwork and proper procedures being followed, even if the paperwork was about genocide and the procedures about I think Jacque Fresco defines much of the problems of our society well, and also defines well much of the likely solutions, but there is still some little part I disagree with somehow from what I have seen. And it somehow revolves around deifying science and engineering in some of what he says, even as he says other things that conflict with that at the same time.
The fact is, it is just hard to stand up, disagree with the status quo, and propose and alternative. Anyone who does that risks getting labeled in a variety of ways. And, any one person doing it risk that some of their assumptions may be flawed, or some of their values may be questionable, or some of their choices of tools may not be appropriate.
I'd agree with Fresco if he straight out said, say, that the scientific method, in the context of humanistic values of egalitarianism and charity and love and faith in cooperation and abundance or whatever other values, can produce a mostly happy society. But he does not quite say that from what I have seen so far. And maybe no one can, because, as Jacque Fresco says, all societies are emergent and subject to evolution. It is not fully clear what the values of future societies will be, or how any simple statements about something like "cooperation" will be interpreted in the future.
Here is a different take on that by Charlie Chaplin, suggesting what leaders say can make a difference in what values they express, even surrounded by good engineering:
   "Charlie Chaplin: Zeitgeist Remix"
  Though I think Chaplin did not see how the excessively hierarchical nature of media at the time ("the medium is the message") was itself something that lent itself to abuse. The internet is a bit more hopeful, being more interactive and p2p than radio and TV plus paper mail back to broadcasters.
Religious values sometimes oppose dictatorships, but they sometimes align with them too, since many big established religions are themselves hierarchies.
I like Manuel de Landa's points on the need for a balance of meshworks and hierarchies.  Maybe that goes for multiple hierarchies that balance each other (the USA had counterbalancing legistlative, executive, judicial, and press hierarchies, and I hope still does. :-) A hierarchy and a meshwork can balance each other in different ways as well. But maybe that is not enough in the absence of some good values, some sensible assumptions, and choosing effective tools.
The problem is not bureaucracy and hierarchy. Fascism is just that taken to an extreme. The issue is balance. The opposite of Hitler and unity is perhaps the "Hatfields and the McCoys" with endless feuding.
   Neither extreme seems very healthy. And, as Manuel de Landa points out, in the end, neither lasts:
   To make things worse, the solution to this is not simply to begin adding meshwork components to the mix. Indeed, one must resist the temptation to make hierarchies into villains and meshworks into heroes, not only because, as I said, they are constantly turning into one another, but because in real life we find only mixtures and hybrids, and the properties of these cannot be established through theory alone but demand concrete experimentation. Certain standardizations, say, of electric outlet designs or of data-structures traveling through the Internet, may actually turn out to promote heterogenization at another level, in terms of the appliances that may be designed around the standard outlet, or of the services that a common data-structure may make possible. On the other hand, the mere presence of increased heterogeneity is no guarantee that a better state for society has been achieved. After all, the territory occupied by former Yugoslavia is more heterogeneous now than it was ten years ago, but the lack of uniformity at one level simply hides an increase of homogeneity at the level of the warring ethnic communities. But even if we managed to promote not only heterogeneity, but diversity articulated into a meshwork, that still would not be a perfect solution. After all, meshworks grow by drift and they may drift to places where we do not want to go. The goal-directedness of hierarchies is the kind of property that we may desire to keep at least for certain institutions. Hence, demonizing centralization and glorifying decentralization as the solution to all our problems would be wrong. An open and experimental attitude towards the question of different hybrids and mixtures is what the complexity of reality itself seems to call for. To paraphrase Deleuze and Guattari, never believe that a meshwork will suffice to save us.
More than anything, I see the lesson of Hitler more about things like excessive bureaucracy, excessive Prussian-style schooling, excessive science, excessive competition, excessive faith in capitalism and related exponential economic growth, racism (a form of rankism), and of course, the failure of basic values like cooperation, sharing, diversity, tolerance, and love (in part through excessive schooling, which also originated in Prussia).
On excessive bureaucracy:
   "IBM and the Holocaust is the stunning story of IBM's strategic alliance with Nazi Germany -- beginning in 1933 in the first weeks that Hitler came to power and continuing well into World War II. As the Third Reich embarked upon its plan of conquest and genocide, IBM and its subsidiaries helped create enabling technologies, step-by-step, from the identification and cataloging programs of the 1930s to the selections of the 1940s. "
On an excessive emphasis of "science" that came first from the USA:
   "The eugenics movement begun by Galton in England was energetically spread to the United States by his followers. Besides destroying lesser breeds (as they were routinely called) by abortion, sterilization, adoption, celibacy, two-job family separations, low-wage rates to dull the zest for life, and, above all, schooling to dull the mind and debase the character, other methods were clinically discussed in journals, including a childlessness which could be induced through easy access to pornography. At the same time those deemed inferior were to be turned into eunuchs, Galtonians advocated the notion of breeding a super race."
One excessive Prussian schooling:
   "The Land of Frankestein"
   "In no uncertain terms Fichte told Prussia the party was over. Children would have to be disciplined through a new form of universal conditioning. They could no longer be trusted to their parents. Look what Napoleon had done by banishing sentiment in the interests of nationalism. Through forced schooling, everyone would learn that "work makes free," and working for the State, even laying down one?s life to its commands, was the greatest freedom of all. Here in the genius of semantic redefinition1 lay the power to cloud men?s minds, a power later packaged and sold by public relations pioneers Edward Bernays and Ivy Lee in the seedtime of American forced schooling."
On the economic failure of the Nazi pyramid scheme and how it drove war:
   "How Germans Fell for the 'Feel-Good' Fuehrer"
   "Hitler not only fattened his adoring "Volk" with jobs and low taxes, he also fed his war machine through robbery and murder, says a German historian in a stunning new book. Far from considering Nazism oppressive, most Germans thought of it as warm-hearted, asserts Goetz Aly. The book is generating significant buzz in Germany and it may mark the beginning of a new level of Holocaust discourse. ... Once the robberies had begun, a sort of "snowball effect" ensued and in order to stay afloat, he says Germany had to conquer and pilfer from more territory and victims. "That's why Hitler couldn't stop and glory comfortably in his role as victor after France's 1940 surrender." Peace would have meant the end of his predatory practices and would have spelled "certain bankruptcy for the Reich.""
On rankism:
   Rankism is a term coined by physicist, educationalist and citizen diplomat Robert W. Fuller. Fuller has defined rankism as: "abusive, discriminatory, or exploitative behavior towards people who have less power because of their lower rank in a particular hierarchy". Fuller claims that rankism also describes the abuse of the power inherent in superior rank, with the view that rank-based abuse underlies many other phenomena such as bullying, racism, sexism, and homophobia. ... According to Fuller, the abuse of rank is experienced by victims as an affront to their dignity. He defines the term dignitarian as "a condition in which the dignity of all people is honored and protected." [16] Fuller and his supporters have launched a new social movement to promote the creation of a dignitarian society. The Dignitarian Movement asserts that their aim is to overcome rankism in the same way that the civil rights and women's movements target racism and sexism. Wambach offers communication skills the reader can use to achieve right-rank, the use of one's position, anywhere within a hierarchy, to better individuals and society by showing respect for the human dignity of On excessive competition (assuming any is good at all):
   "No contest: the case against competition"
   "We need competition in order to survive."
"Life is boring without competition."
"It is competition that gives us meaning in life."
These words written by American college students capture a sentiment that runs through the heart of the USA and appears to be spreading throughout the world. To these students, competition is not simply something one does, it is the very essence of existence. When asked to imagine a world without competition, they can foresee only rising prices, declining productivity and a general collapse of the moral order. Some truly believe we would cease to exist were it not for competition.
   Alfie Kohn, author of No contest: the case against competition, disagrees completely. He argues that competition is essentially detrimental to every important aspect of human experience; our relationships, self-esteem, enjoyment of leisure, and even productivity would all be improved if we were to break out of the pattern of relentless competition. Far from being idealistic speculation, his position is anchored in hundreds of research studies and careful analysis of the primary domains of competitive interaction. For those who see themselves assisting in a transition to a less competitive world, Kohn's book will be an invaluable resource. ...
Anyway, "Godwin's law" is harmful to the extent it keeps people from having discussions about these sorts of things and gaining deeper insight into these issues. Godwin's law can lead to things like thinking "Never forget" means to build up vast heavily-armed rankist bureaucracies fed by cradle-to-grave competitive-oriented schooling built around extreme pyramid-scheme capitalism and maintaining militarized buffer zones for "lebensraum", when that is the sort of thing that lead to all sorts of holocausts in the past. It is the deepest sort of forgetting to do that, and I say than as someone with some Jewish roots, and with distant relatives killed during the Jewish Holocaust during WWII, and whose mother lived through the occupation of Rotterdam during WWII and the hunger winter, and who probably would not have survived another year or two of Rotterdam occupation with ever tightening racist laws.
It is much easier to just say "Adolf Hitler was a bad man who lead the world to ruin" than to think about why he became who he was and how the forces around him might have empowered him. It takes a lot more mental energy to see, as you point out, that even fascism itself is more a symptom of a deeper problems (as linked above) than the entire actual disease itself.
Another related post by me:
"Re: [Open Manufacturing] Re: Do artifacts (even money) have politics? (German WWII example with Hans Posse)"
As I flipped through those pictures [the 100,000 images the German Government donated to Wikipedia], and knowing a little about history, I
realized that WWII could not have happened without the manufacturing
competence of the German people; they needed their tanks and submarines and
synthetic fuel from coal plans to work well. They also needed effective
logistics for their military plans, and so they needed intellectual
competence too. But, the Germans would not have invaded other countries
without some less positive world views too -- both a sense of superiority
and a sense, from World War One, of previous unfair treatment. (Echoes of
Iraq for the USA?) It's been said that intelligence is knowing how to do
things, wisdom is knowing what is worth doing, and virtue is actually doing
it. So, the Germans in WWII and the times leading up to it then had
intelligence and a sort of hard-working virtue, but not a lot of good wisdom.
   Obviously, any brief effort trying to summarize decades of time and the
behavior of millions of people is going to be big generalization. Can it be
a wise generalization? Maybe.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-27 11:27:07
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
You may well be right, especially about the notion of each page somehow being a microcommunity.
Still, notability suggests pages not be there unless the microcommunity is above a certain size. But, that is problematical, because without, say the "Infinity Ltd." sci-fi society page I refer to that was deleted, how can I join that community of editors? Or at least, viewers?
How can we do an experiment about what strategy gets the most or best participation by some standards?
Maybe Wikipedia is unconsciously already performing that experiment? :-) But maybe they could do it more formally somehow? :-)
I found it interesting to see this Wikipedia page tied in with the donation campaign  going on right now:
"Five facts about Wikipedia ? and how you can help keep it free."
Fact  Wikipedia is run by a non-profit organization, the Wikimedia Fact  Even though Wikipedia is one of the five most visited websites in the world, we employ fewer than 35 people.
Fact  We support more than 100,000 volunteers who have contributed 14.3 million articles in 270 languages.
Fact  We exist so that every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge.
Fact  We depend on support from donors like you to keep Wikipedia running, and to keep it free. We ask only once a year ? now is the time.
Consider "Fact  We exist so that every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge."
Is that really true? If it is, what does it mean about deletionism? Or about making edits harder to make? Also, is "the sum of all knowledge" only that which has been published in official publications by credentialed experts? If so, Wikipedia has a questionable epistemology built into it.
   Epistemology (from Greek ???????? - episteme-, "knowledge, science" + ?????, "logos") or theory of knowledge is the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature and scope (limitations) of knowledge.[1] It addresses the questions:
     * What is knowledge?
     * How is knowledge acquired?
     * What do people know?
     * How do we know what we know?
Much of the debate in this field has focused on analyzing the nature of knowledge and how it relates to similar notions such as truth, belief, and justification. It also deals with the means of production of knowledge, as well as skepticism about different knowledge claims.
   The term was introduced into English by the Scottish philosopher James Frederick Ferrier (1808?1864).[2]
Maybe some more people at the Wikipedia foundation should read that Wikipedia article? :-) "Credentialism" was not mentioned there. Still, maybe they have read that page and made a choice of just one school of thought on this issue of what knowledge is or how it is justified. Essentially, it seems to me that Wikipedia's theory of knowledge has become that knowledge is a statement by an "authority", and further, a statement by an authority about a subject of broad interest, which is a different epistemology than in the freewheeling early days.
Again, maybe Wikipedia has an "identity crisis" now, more than anything? This may have happened in part because of Wikipedia's own success and the larger success of the world wide web around it that Wikipedia has been an important part of.
   An identity crisis is when an individual loses a sense of personal sameness and historical continuity. The term was coined by the psychologist Erik Erikson. ...
   The identity is "a subjective sense as well as an observable quality of personal sameness and continuity, paired with some belief in the sameness and continuity of some shared world image. As a quality of unself-conscious living, this can be gloriously obvious in a young person who has found himself as he has found his communality. In him we see emerge a unique unification of what is irreversibly given--that is, body type and temperament, giftedness and vulnerability, infantile models and acquired ideals--with the open choices provided in available roles, occupational possibilities, values offered, mentors met, friendships made, and first sexual encounters (Erikson, 1970)."
   According to Erikson's stages, the onset of the identity crisis is in the teenage years, and only individuals who succeed in resolving the crisis will be ready to face future challenges in life. But the identity crisis may well be recurring, as the changing world demands us to constantly redefine ourselves. Erikson suggested that people experience an identity crisis when they lose "a sense of personal sameness and historical continuity". Given today's rapid development in technology, global economy, dynamics in local and world politics, one might expect identity crises to recur more commonly now than even thirty years ago, when Erikson formed his theory[citation needed].
Guess that last sentence is slated for deletionism? :-(
I'll repeat it for emphasis, and to think about in regards Wikipedia: "Given today's rapid development in technology, global economy, dynamics in local and world politics, one might expect identity crises to recur more commonly now than even thirty years ago, when Erikson formed his theory."
There, now I said it. Am I expert enough or an authority enough to cite? :-) Well, it depends in part on how you feel about epistemology. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-27 15:48:26
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the "lump of labor fallacy" itself a fallacy? 
Thanks for the links. I especially liked this at the first one:
"I should point out that the preceding cannot be done and I will elaborate on just one reason why it cannot. If the existing hours of work are excessive from the standpoint of physiological or psychological fatigue, reducing the hours of work is a "technological improvement" that can, ceteris paribus, result in an increase in total output. "Ah-ha!" You may say. "If total output is increased by shorter hours that means that the same output could be produced with fewer workers and therefore shorter hours would destroy rather than create jobs!" But if you do say that you have fallen into a trap, because of the conviction that "technology creates more jobs than it destroys," which is, of course, the basis (or, at least, one of the bases) of the observation that there is NOT a fixed amount of work."
And also: "This brings me back to my argument, that leisure is a factor of production and that it is simply wrong to treat leisure as a "normal good" such that the sum of income and leisure is a constant. In fact, when the current hours of work are "too long" (an empirical matter that can only be determined by experience) increasing the amount of leisure will increase the value of the total. In the extreme case, it could even increase the income too. Or, to put it more simply, you can have your cake and eat it, too. This is not to say you can always have it -- it is still an empirical question whether the given hours of work are "too long" but that at least is the implication of Chapman's theory."
Still, I find his writing a bit unclear in the rest. He seems to be arguing both that no one said exactly what is trotted out to then claim is a fallacy, and then some other points about labor and economics?
I really am arguing that there *is* essentially a fixed amount of work to be done by humans in a healthy society that also has exponentially increasing automation. It may be much larger amount of work than what we do now (given so many people go hungry or are without some types of technology if we expanded our foreign aid, and also because we might want a *real* space program again someday employing millions of people), but demaind is still in some sense definable as having limits relative to our technological capacity.
Which seems a different argument than Tom Walker is making?
Also, it seems pretty clear that over the last few hundred years (and ignoring our distant hunter/gatherer past and even some parts of the Middle Ages), that industrial labor has reduced from eighty hours days for everyone (even *children* in mills) to now a forty hour day only for some adults. That seems like a big change. Excessive schooling has mopped up a lot of that surplus of labor (keeping children endlessly on a treadmill, now into their twenties via graduate school, and making jobs for teachers) and television has mopped up much of the rest. Clay Shirky writes about that here:
"Gin, Television, and Social Anyway, it still seems to me like this issues is central to arguments about the future of our industrial society. If the only way to keep people employed is endless makework, then that seems a big problem with economics. For example, in the USA, a big argument why we can't have single payer health reform is people saying about five million workers would lose their jobs if that one third of every health care dollar was no longer spent on bureaucracy. There seems to be something seriously wrong there with economic A basic income? :-)
But the administration is hoping for people taking on more debt.
Michel mentioned US$40 an hour as the inflation and productivity and equity adjusted figure for a minimum wage -- I'd love a reference? I'm starting to think raising the minimum wage back to US$40 an hour may be what it takes? :-) But I'd rather see a basic income and no minimum wage. It may be too late for a raise in minimum wage to fix things at all, given how fast companies can automate and redesign.
One of the biggest groups that argue against a higher minimum wage is the fast food industry. For example, why could we not have restaurants that are more automated? People used to eat in "automats" in the 1950s. One could imagine seeing that again, but maybe with more robots.
   I think it likely someone could build an almost fully automated restaurant if they tried. It might take some redesign as well as some careful product selections as to what is on the menu.
So, that's one reason a higher minimum wage may not work -- we'd see an even faster push to automate.
What surprises me is it seems like economists have their head in the sand about the automation of *services*. They are willing to accept farming could be automated. Now they are slowly accepting that manufacturing is being automated (and 3D printing is a big thing coming along in that direction). But they still seem to not be able to accept services can be automated.
One thing on mainstream economists -- by the values and logic most of them espouse, the single biggest thing mainstream economists will be concerned about in regards to talking about employment is the issue of how to keep their own cushy jobs. :-) If you think about things that way, then it makes sense that mainstream economists would say whatever it takes to hold on to well paying jobs, and to push whatever theories the status quo needed to stay the status quo. In short, there may be a huge conflict of interest in the field of economics based on the fact that most economists are paid by the status quo.
Anyone who is not so dedicated to having a cushy job as a mainstream economist might have different values. Including not assuming unlimited greed is the primary emotion that drives most people most of the time. Or, even if they believed that, they might not assume it was a good thing, and might suggest ways to reign in excessive greed.
Related, though from a different angle, here is a blog post by someone showing the damage the mythology of competitive mainstream economics can do to idealism:
"Does econ make people conservative? "
"As a Princeton grad myself, I have full confidence in your teacher. Putting that issue aside, let me address your central question: Does the study of economics tend to make people conservative? I believe the answer is, to some degree, yes. My experience is that many students find that their views become somewhat more conservative after studying economics. There are at least three, related reasons. ... Second, some of the striking insights of economics make one more respectful of the market as a mechanism for coordinating a society. Because market participants are motivated by self-interest, a person might naturally be suspect of market-based societies. But after learning about the gains from trade, the invisible hand, and the efficiency of market equilibrium, one starts to approach the market with a degree of admiration and, indeed, awe. ..."
Of course, even if markets work, then one has to ask how they should be regulated, taxed, and subsidized to meet broad social goals, given externalities, a concentration of wealth, feedback cycles, etc. ...
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-27 18:35:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Photos: International Robot Exhibition 2009 
Some pictures of what is going on in robotics in an exhibition ongoing right now in Japan:
"Hundreds of robots have gathered at the International Robot Exhibition (IREX) now underway at Tokyo Big Sight. Here are a few photos from the event, which runs until November 28. "
  The picture of the Motoman doing Lego led me to find this:
"*NEW* Robohand Grippers mounted on MotoMan Robot"
It looks like it uses a "compliance device" and not true force feedback?
But in any case, pretty impressive it can do Lego assembly and disassembly. It would probably need special tools to handle small pieces. And I expect it is not visually servoing? But the other picture from 2009 shows a jumble of Lego next to the robot, so maybe that one can?
Here is a related item with Motoman robots doing woodworking:
   OK, well, farming is already gone for most jobs. Manufacturing including woodworking is clearly is on its way out too as far as most jobs.
So, what new services can we invent that people don't need? :-)
An entry point into videos from iRex 2009:
   "IREX 2009 - Robot lightsaber dance"
   A different Lego building robot with a variety of tooling, and then a variety of other robots in that video:
   "IREX 2009: A lego-building robot and more from Tokyo"
   This video explains the visual servoing being done by some high speed arms at the end:
   "IREX 2009: Robot award winners on show"
   Tokyo University is demonstrating a powerd exoskelaton that can let people lift twice as much (could be useful for nurses?):
   "IREX 2009 - Tokyo University of Science demos a new musclesuit"
   This robot uses a human-like hand to move sushi and soft food:
   "Sushi Robot and Patisserie Robot : DigInfo"
   More robot technology for food preparation and serving:
   "Robot Chef"
   "Latest Humanoid Robot" for home assistance:
Even without full AI, how long before nursing can be done through teleoperation with nurses not needing to leave home to see patients or to work in nursing homes? That might cut down on spreading disease. And the robots could do some tasks automatically when the nurses pointed them at the task, so perhaps one nurse could do the work of several nurses and aids.
What can't robotics and AI do? Run our nuclear weapons systems? :-)
   "Colossus, The Forbin Project" (A cautionary tale)
   The default, as I see it is war, school, and prison, provide an endless need for "services". That's a very straightforward way to keep our economy working as-is while mainstream economists continue to deny the inevitable. :-( We can raise the compulsory school age to thirty, create expanded credentialism before you can do anything, expand our war effort across the globe, and have one tenth of the population guard much of the rest. That is a very straightforward solution to all the economic problems posed by robotics, and I'm very sad to say that, if you look at the trends in the USA, that has been *exactly* the course the USA has been pursuing to deal with the threat of abundance. :-(
Time to think a lot harder about "Heterodox Economics". :-)
   Also, I can assume almost all those robots are proprietary not open source. At least there are a few open projects:
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-28 11:02:11
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the "lump of labor fallacy" itself a fallacy? 
I found this, but it is not exactly the same:
   "The Living Wage Coalition believes a living or self-sufficiency wage for Sonoma County in 2008 is $14.90 an hour (including benefits) and an annual family income of $62,940 based upon calculations for a two- parent, two-child family with both parents working full-time."
Another item:
   "A federal minimum wage was first set in 1938. The graph shows nominal (blue diamonds) and real (red squares) minimum wage values. Nominal values range from $0.25/hr in 1938 to $6.55/hr as of July 2008. The graph adjusts these wages to 2007 dollars (red squares) to show the real value of the minimum wage. Calculated in real 2007 dollars, the 1968 minimum wage was the highest at $9.47. The real dollar minimum wage (red squares) falls during periods Congress does not raise the minimum wage to keep up with inflation. The period 1997-2007, is the longest period during which the minimum wage has not been adjusted. The minimum wage increases in three $0.70 increments--to $5.85 in 2007, $6.55 in mid 2008, and to $7.25 in mid 2009. The real values after 2007 are projected for future decline in purchasing power. "
When it was introduced in the USA in 1938, it was was about US$0.25. For someone working 40 hours a week 50 weeks a year, that would be about US$42 a month or US$500 a year.
I put US$0.25 in the inflation calculator here:
   that is about US$3.64.
For reference:
How Much things cost in 1938
Average Cost of new house $3,900.00
Average wages per year $1,730.00
Cost of a gallon of Gas 10 cents
Average Cost for house rent $27.00 per month
A loaf of Bread 9 cents
A LB of Hamburger Meat 13 cents
Average Price for new car $763.00
Blanket $5.00
Liptons Noodle Soup 10 Cents
But, the difference is presumably the claim that industrial productivity has increased. I don't know that figure. Here it says 2.1% increanes in output per person hour from 1937 to 1952:
   Taking that from 1938 to now (just assuming it as a constant for 70 years, compounded) that is about a factor of four. So, that would suggest that in today's dollars, a minimum wage should be 4 * US$3.64 or US$14.56.
But, that assumes 2.1% annual compounded productivity growth.
"U.S. productivity growth has accelerated in recent years, despite a series of negative economic shocks. An analysis of the sources of this growth over the 1995-2003 period suggests that the production and use of information technology account for a large share of the gains. The authors project that during the next decade, private sector productivity growth will continue at a rate of 2.6 percent per year, a significant increase from their 2002 projection of 2.2 percent growth."
And more recently, for example:
"Productivity rises 6.4%, fastest rate in six years: Unit labor costs fall 5.8% in second quarter, the most in nine years" So, I could imagine that if the rate was higher, one would get a higher result that approached US$40. I'd easily believe US$20 as and adjusted minimum wage from the above calculation if the last two decades were 2.6% annual growth.
By the way from that last link, to see how broken the current system is:
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) -- U.S. companies slashed their workers' hours in the second quarter, boosting the productivity of the workplace to an annualized rate of 6.4%, the Labor Department reported Tuesday. ...  Hourly compensation rose just 0.2% in the second quarter. After inflation, real hourly compensation sank 1.1%. ...
So, productivity goes up the annual equivalent of 6.4%, but real wages go down 1.1%, instead of also up 6.4% (to match productivity growth). So, who gets all the increased profits? Obviously not the workers. The workers would probably spend them all to make new demand. But if they go to rich people, then they just might be pushed into various bubble investments that have essentially no connection to the real physical economy (things like driving up the price of commodities (gold), land, housing, stock prices, or otherwise increasing financial reserves or paying back previous debt or stuff like that). Alternatively, the same amount of stuff is produced but workers are laid off. So, efficiency goes up, but there are less workers needed to produce the same stuff, workers are laid off, and then there is lower demand, as a negative spiral. Keynes said this would not happen because of lags in the system (things being "sticky") or, alternatively, if it did, then the government would need to step in and spend money or lower interest rates. Of course, there is a huge disconnect between government set interest rates (about zero) and consumer interest rates (rising beyond 20% per year again from fears of default or just rent-seeking).
Of course, there is no accountability for economists, because they might be right eventually. There are endless things they can throw out to be explanations (like the old epicycle explanations of the movements of the planets). But they mostly come down to supporting the status quo.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-28 11:37:26
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thanks for: Suggestions wanted for education to 
>
Well, when it is all you have, a smartphone is better than nothing. They are getting more and more impressive.
People say this, even the OLPC project, but I don't believe it. There were small light computers before the OLPC. HP was especially good at this. There was the Newton. There were WinCE devices (clamshells). There was the palm. Palm even had a netbook design it scrapped. There was the original Tandy Model 100.
 From 1995:
  "HP OmniGo 100 Handheld Organizer Offers Quick, Easy Access to Personal     There was the Cybiko toy.
So, it's hard to say OLPC invented this category.
"The origins of the netbook can be traced to the Network Computer (NC) concept of the mid-1990s. More recently, Psion's now-discontinued netBook line, the OLPC XO-1 (initially called 100 US$ laptop) and the Palm Foleo were all small, portable, network-enabled computers.[8][9][10] The generic use of the term "netbook", however, began in 2007 when Asus unveiled the ASUS Eee PC. "
 > but it's special
Beyond ruggedness, which I agree is important, I don't see what is especially child-friendly about the OLPC or the software compared to a specially configured version of GNU/Linux running Gnome. People have been locking down GNU/Linux systems for a long time. Regular GNU/Linux has more educational software for it than the OLPC.
   "Edubuntu is an educational operating system that is a part of the Ubuntu family. It aims to make Ubuntu, the popular Linux-based operating system, a great choice for the computing needs of children, students, parents, teachers, and schools. "
(By the way, in this thread, there are at least two Pauls on the list, Paul Hartzog being the other one.)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-28 13:34:25
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline (another slashdot article) 
Another slashdot article related to a reply by Wikipedia staff:
"The Wikimedia blog has a new post from Erik Moeller, deputy director of the Wikimedia Foundation, and Erik Zachte, a data analyst, to dispute recent reports about editors leaving Wikipedia (which we discussed on Wednesday). They offer these points to discredit the claims: 'The number of people reading Wikipedia continues to grow. In October, we had 344 million unique visitors from around the world, according to comScore Media Metrix, up 6% from September. Wikipedia is the fifth most popular web property in the world. The number of articles in Wikipedia keeps growing. There are about 14.4 million articles in Wikipedia, with thousands of new ones added every day. The number of people writing Wikipedia peaked about two and a half years ago, declined slightly for a brief period, and has remained stable since then. Every month, some people stop writing, and every month, they are replaced by new people." They also note that it's impossible to tell whether someone has left and will never return, as their account still remains there."
An example chain of comments:
Oh, you can tell (Score:5, Interesting)
by CRCulver (715279)  on Saturday November 28,  ( Homepage
     They also note that it's impossible to tell whether someone has left and will never return, as their account still remains there.
I stopped editing Wikipedia in 2004, IIRC. There were plenty of cases who people left and you could tell they weren't likely to return, as their User or Talk page had some spectacular meltdown where they cursed the entire project and -- in the cases of the more qualified editors -- they vowed never to write anything about their field outside of academic rounds ever again.
       Re:Oh, you can tell (Score:4, Insightful)
       by ACS Solver (1068112) on Saturday November 28,  (
       Cursing or not, I can understand why people stop editing. I used to contribute stuff but stopped some 3 years ago. One problem is that Wikipedia has gotten very bogged down in its own bureaucracy. For making non-minor edits, there's the distinct impression that you're supposed to know a huge amount of rules and guidelines, proper procedures and whatnot. Then there's the problem with other editors that won't accept your edits as valid unless you can show them a citation they understand. Requiring citations is great, but if I'm making edits related to a fairly small European language only spoken in one country, what can I show? I can cite books or online resources written in that very language - citations that some editors don't find satisfying because they don't understand what it says.
             Re:Oh, you can tell (Score:4, Insightful)
             by mdwh2 (535323) on Saturday November 28,  (
             The funny thing is, elsewhere on this artice will be people bitching about "Well I left Wikipedia, I got fed up of people coming in an making changes to articles, without discussing with people or following basic guidelines". I'm not saying you're in the wrong, I'm just saying there's no right answer here, and the fault is not with "Wikipedia" as an              The fallacy is referring to "Wikipedia" as if it was some single entity. The problem is between the editors - and when you edit, that includes you. There's no you-and-them, as the them may well be other people who are complaining about "Wikipedia", when by "Wikipedia" they actually mean their experience with you.
             The only plausible time when a them-and-us argument is valid is when discussing Wikipedia admins (who are granted special privileges). But this doesn't apply to editors. You were an editor, and are just as much a target of Wikipedia criticism as any other editor.
             The bottom line is that when you have a massive collaboration between people online who don't even know each other, there are going to be disagreements. Unfortunately, rather than debate it with each other, sometimes both sides of an argument will take it out on "Wikipedia", each of them referring to the other side's view as wrong, and an example of how doomed Wikipedia is.
             Thankfully, criticisms on Slashdot comments or in the tabloids don't change the fact that out of this collabaration, we nonetheless actually have a resultant free encyclopedia that's pretty damn good.
I'm seeing one big issue here:
   # 2.3.2 2. Collaboration is inherently composed of two primary components, without either of which collaboration cannot take place: social negotiation and creative output.
# 2.3.3 3. Collaboration in small groups (roughly 2-25) relies upon social negotiation to evolve and guide its process and creative output.
Although social mediation is an inherent part of collaboration, when applied in traditional face-to-face collaboration social mediation can provide a barrier to the rapid and seamless integration of contributions that characterises projects such as Wikipedia.org and the Open Source software movement. It may be that there is simply so much complex information to be negotiated when people communicate directly that the negotiations of the many collapse under their own weight without the mediation of an administrative/stigmergic system.
   This is not to say that social negotiation does not take place in stigmergic collaborative contexts ? it may even be essential to developing the collaborative community ? but rather that negotiation takes a back seat in terms of the creative drafting process. Most (if not all) stigmergic wiki collaborations have discussions associated with the content being developed, but it is possible to contribute (to Wikipedia.org, for instance) without discussing what you are contributing or creating. Conversely, it is also possible to take part in discussion without editing an article. Although such discussions are most certainly an important and perhaps crucial form of contribution, they are typically secondary to the objectives of the overall project. For an example of a discussion accompanying mass collaboration, see the Israel talk page at Wikipedia.org. In addition to such points of discussion, bulletin boards, IRC (chat) and email lists often support and augment the negotiation.
By focusing more and more on discussion, with ever more complex social rules, and with deletionism and rollbacking related a lot to taking part in discussion, Wikipedia makes the stigmergic part of the process harder to do.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-28 14:17:46
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Feedback on a Summary/Explanation of 
Thanks for this explanation.
If true, it is yet another example of building political assumptions into our physical infrastructure.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-28 14:38:15
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the "lump of labor fallacy" itself a fallacy? 
These are really good points. And they fit with the notion of "technology as an amplifier" which I first wrote about in college in the 1980s (inspired in part from reading about cybernetics). So, technology is able to amplify the high skilled worker (whatever high skill means at the time), and so there is less need to amplify the low skill worker. So, there is almost a "winner takes all" on wages.
Or there would be, except for at least two other issues.
If only a few high skilled workers get a lot, unions won't so easily form for those jobs. There is not "programmers union" for example, though there are unions that may include some jobs descriptions that entail some programming). Without a union, it is difficult for these workers at the top to get a proportionate share of what they produce. They may get a lot, and a lot more than most other workers, but it still may be a tiny fraction of the value they really add.
Also, the fact that there are many workers in general puts a sociological downward pressure on high end wages. For example, even if there can be orders of magnitude difference in programmer productivity (including some programmers being a net negative to a project, see the Mythical Man Month), the programmers who may be literally 1000X as productive as some others usually get maybe at most 2X or 3X more salary. And if companies paid the star programmers more, it would breed social resentment of all sorts, and there would also be a great pressure at the bottom to raise wages. Some very few companies (Microsoft or Google) are places where programmers or anyone could make a lot of money also through stock options, but stock participation rarely has much to do with productivity and more to do with luck and timing.
Some of this is also true because it is very difficult to assess programmer productivity sometimes (or that of almost any other creative endeavor). How can you set salaries related to performance when most people have no way of judging the quality of output of a programmer. For example, the programmer who says, "Let's use the XYZ library" may be literally 1000X more productive than the one who writes 10000 lines of buggy and poorly tested code, but the one who wrote the most code will probably be rewarded more as being more The movie "The Seven Samurai" shows an example of this problem -- the peasants want to hire Samurai to defend their village, but they have no idea what makes for a good Samurai. Swashbuckling sword play? A minimum of effort? There is a scene where the peasants watch two Samurai duel, for example, arguing over some point of technique -- although in that case the winner was obvious, since only one lived. Fortunately, programming is not (usually) so deadly a profession -- although vitamin D deficiency and sedentary work in a chair can probably make it so for many programmers, as can the results of programming cause deaths for others through military robotics, malfunctioning aircraft and medical devices, and even bureaucratic processes that keep people from health care, and so on. Sadly, the most money I've ever been paid for developing software as a consultant was fifteen years ago for a project to help deny people health care (via supporting more accurate telephone interviews for insurance applications). Is that really productive compared to better medical records to support better health care advice? So, one needs to factor in rewarding people for creating artificial scarcity too when one analyzes what a productive programmer really is. I'm sure the same would apply for other professions as --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-28 17:17:24
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the "lump of labor fallacy" itself a fallacy? 
One item from there, from 2004:
Yet the federal minimum wage remains stalled for the eighth year in a row at $5.15 an hour--a shocking $10,712 annually for fifty-two weeks of full-time work. This, of course, at the same time the Bush Administration unblushingly escorts the wealthiest Americans onto the tax-break gravy train.
   "Certainly $5.15 an hour is not a living wage," scoffs Robert Pollin, economics professor at the University of Massachusetts and one of the nation's leading experts on the economics of living-wage law. If the minimum wage had been raised with inflation and the productivity rate since 1968, when the minimum wage was at its peak, Pollin says, it would be $14.50 an hour. Activists have long recognized the stalemate at the federal level that has arrested the minimum wage at subpar standards, and the living wage was an attempt to remedy that.
Perhaps you rememered US$14.50 as US$40? Or maybe they have another calculation?
I think they may make a mistake in starting from 1968. I think that figure would be higher if they worked from 1938 and factored in 30 years of productivity gains not fully accounted for in the 1968 wage (as I did to get US$14.56 starting from 1938, but then fudged up to US$20 based on recent productivity increases).
Of course, then one can argue about whether inflation is properly accounted for (the exponential improvement in computing at lower cost is being used to offset some of things like enormous housing costs and college costs), or whether productivity is properly accounted for. These are very political numbers in that they tie to  things like cost of living increases for pensions and social security. Can one really trust what mainstream economists say about these numbers? And some of this is subjective because the quality of some things improved (cars are better) while the quality of other things has worsened (food in general is less nutritious now and it almost *all* used to be "organic" in a way).
For example, the productivity of the prime industries like agriculture and industry have gone up enormously over the past century. Most farmers are literally 50 to 100 times more "productive" (ignoring fossil fuel use and environmental damage and lower food quality) than they were 100 years ago (and those negatives could be improved fairly easily as I've mentioned before with organic methods and ground rock dust), considering how everyone used to be in agriculture and now almost no one is, and even then, most of agriculture goes to produce meat, and about 50% of what is produced is left to rot in the fields or otherwise discarded.
"There's so much food available in fields. It's astounding how much is wasted," says Almquist, who graduated from nearby Middlebury College in June with a degree in environmental studies. A 2004 report from the University of Arizona in Tucson estimates that 40 to 50 percent of all the food that could be harvested from fields will never be eaten.
Manufacturing is also several times more productive in a variety of ways (maybe even now approaching fifty times or more for many specific things like producing paperclips or nails by machines). So, services may be dragging down that productivity increase perhaps. If we considered productivity in only manufacturing and agriculture, perhaps a productivity adjusted minimum wage should be more like US$100 an hour or more? :-) Just guessing. At some point these numbers become meaningless.
Consider this:
"Gross world product (GWP) is the total gross national product of all the countries in the world. This also equals the total gross domestic product. See measures of national income and output for more details. The per capita GWP in 2008 was approximately $10,500 US dollars (USD).[1] The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), in their Third Assessment Report (TAR), predicts a maximum per-capita gross world product in 2100 of approximately $140,000 (in year 2000 dollars)."
OK, so people are, with a straight face, projecting that everyone (on average) in 2100 will be earning US$140K a year per person (in 2000 dollars), so a family of four will have an income on average of US$480,000 a year, but given even now such a family can OK on US$50K a year (about the median for a family of four). So, with all families on the planet predicted to be making ten times as much as now, there is no discussion of how our entire economic system will change if most people decide to opt out of the "rat race" (where, as a comedian said, if you win you are still a rat)?
Also, in such a world, with average families having incomes of half a million dollars a year, would a "minimum wage" of, say, US$10 or US$20K a year make any sense?
Anyway, clearly the numbers and the policies they connect to begin to stop making sense at some point (if they ever did).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-11-28 17:48:43
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Non-Corporate Fortune 500 
Is there any country that calls itself "communist" that does not (for whatever reason) have an fairly authoritarian regime that restricts information flow?
For example, Cuba could easily set itself up as a have for "Pirate Bay" and any other service that ignored copyrights, but it seems it won't because it restricts information flow and discussion by its people? From 2008:
"Last week, the Cuban government announced that ordinary Cubans will not be allowed to have Internet access in the short term, even though the government authorised ordinary citizens to buy computers and own mobile phones on 1 April 2008."
"Cuba cutting Internet access"
"In a move seen as aimed at anti-government bloggers, Cuba is further limiting access to the World Wide Web"
Anyway, is this just a sad quirk of history? Or is it that it is impossible for a country not in the grip of a strong dictator to stand up to the USA and capitalism? But even then, why restrict information flow? Where are the democratic but communist states?
Clearly there are many countries that call themselves democratic and "socialist" that have widespread internet access (like much of Europe perhaps). Although "socialist" is sort of a vague word at this point it seems (at least from the US point of view) that kind of means "we have a government we trust to manage some things well like health care, mass transit, and a social safety net". Even if technically it probably means more than that:
   Socialism refers to various theories of economic organization advocating public or direct worker ownership and administration of the means of production and allocation of resources, and a society characterized by equal access to resources for all individuals with a method of compensation based on the amount of labor expended.[1][2][3]
   Most socialists share the view that capitalism unfairly concentrates power and wealth among a small segment of society that controls capital and derives its wealth through exploitation, creates an unequal society, does not provide equal opportunities for everyone to maximise their potentialities[4] and does not utilise technology and resources to their maximum potential nor in the interests of the public.[5]
But it would seem that productivity now bears little relation to labor expended because of automation as well as the need to build on the work of others intellectually. So, what would one call it when:
XYZ? refers to various theories of economic organization advocating decentralized control of the means of production and allocation of resources, and a society characterized by mostly equal access to resources for all individuals with a method of compensation not very much based on the amount of labor expended.
Contrast with:
   Communism is a socioeconomic structure and political ideology that promotes the establishment of an egalitarian, classless, stateless society based on common ownership and control of the means of production and property in general.[1][2][3] Karl Marx posited that communism would be the final stage in human society, which would be achieved through a proletarian revolution and only becoming possible only after a socialist stage develops the productive forces, leading to a superabundance of goods and services.[4][5]
   "Pure communism" in the Marxian sense refers to a classless, stateless and oppression-free society where decisions on what to produce and what policies to pursue are made democratically, allowing every member of society to participate in the decision-making process in both the political and economic spheres of life. In modern usage, communism is often used to refer to Bolshevism or Marxism-Leninism and the policies of the various communist states which had government ownership of all the means of production and centrally planned economies. Communist regimes have historically been authoritarian, repressive, and coercive governments concerned primarily with preserving their own power.[3]
Karl Marx never provided a detailed description as to how communism would function as an economic system, but it is understood that a communist economy would consist of common ownership of the means of production, culminating in the negation of the concept of private ownership of capital, which referred to the means of production in Marxian terminology.
But "the negation of the concept of private ownership of capital" really assumes "capital" is some big thing. If "capital" is a self-replicating 3D printer you have in your house, what does that mean?
Could it be that the oppressive side of communism that has been tried is related to trying to do it with a relative resource scarcity in relation to a nation's material aspirations?
But, in any case, other assumptions also break down if you assume people should mostly only do things because they are fun (like Charles Fourier suggested, or Bob Black).
It seems to me there is some future ideology as yet to be defined, perhaps one that may look a lot more like Fourierism update for the 21st century (editing out some of the more extreme parts of his writings).
   Fourier declared that concern and cooperation were the secrets of social success. He believed that a society that cooperated would see an immense improvement in their productivity levels. Workers would be recompensed for their labors according to their contribution. Fourier saw such cooperation occurring in communities he called "phalanxes," based around structures called Phalanst?res or "grand hotels." These buildings were four level apartment complexes where the richest had the uppermost apartments and the poorest enjoyed a ground floor residence. Wealth was determined by one's job; jobs were assigned based on the interests and desires of the individual. There were incentives: jobs people might not enjoy doing would receive higher pay. ... Fourier characterized poverty (not inequality) as the principal cause of disorder in society, and he proposed to eradicate it by sufficiently high wages and by a "decent minimum" for those who were not able to work.[11] ... ourier was deeply disturbed by the disorder of his time and wanted to stabilize the course of events which surrounded him. Fourier saw his fellow human beings living in a world full of strife, chaos, and disorder.[15] Fourier is best remembered for his writings on a new world order based on unity of action and harmonious collaboration.[2] ... Walter Benjamin considered Fourier crucial enough to devote an entire "konvolut" of his massive, projected book on the Paris arcades, the Passagenwerk, to  "To have instituted play as the canon of a labor no longer rooted in exploitation is one of the great merits of Fourier," and notes that "Only in the summery middle of the nineteenth century, only under its sun, can one conceive of Fourier's fantasy materialized." ...
Joan Roelofs has suggested the best parts of Marx's theories were taken from But even that assumes a world without a lot of automation... That would change the balance of all that.
Is P2P a sort of neo-Fourierist movement in some ways? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-01 18:25:17
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] shots in the dark/p2p article 
Agreed (even as causality is a slipper subject given multiple factors causing something or hysteretic causal loops).
However, "power" usually defines what is researched.
   "The Kept University"
   "Commercially sponsored research is putting at risk the paramount value of higher education -- disinterested inquiry. Even more alarming, the authors argue, universities themselves are behaving more and more like for-profit companies "
And "power" may also define how results are interpreted.
Also, it is not "scientific" to dismiss results because they do not agree with theory. But, that is what many in the scientific and medical fields do.
So, while you suggested I put up a strawman that alternatives were somehow all unified (not my intent), I'll suggest you are doing the same by suggesting all "science" is unified. There are a variety of people calling themselves "scientists" with a variety of agendas, a variety of funding sources, and hanging together in a variety of groups with different norms.
By the way, might as well question some more of the medical field while I'm at it, and indirectly invoke Godwin's law on myself. :-) From:
   "There is nothing on this planet that is more evil than a psychiatrist. Nothing. Period. Even the Nazis and Adolph Hitler were not as bad ... after all, these monsters were created by the psychiatrists."
That page mentions this book, by the way, though the link is broken:
"Psychiatrists-- The Men Behind Hitler: The Architects of Horror"
(Although it appears that the criticism somehow scientology related.)
Also, from someone's religious perspective (not saying I agree, but lots of An article about Scientology's attack on Psychiatry:
   By the way, both Scientology and Psychiatry could be problematical in different ways but make good points criticizing each other. :-) This is also not to endorse either; it's just an interesting struggle, and two wrongs don't make a right.
But regardless of who says it, this sounds all too true, from the link above:
Many of the symptoms that kids exhibit in the classroom, Figueroa argues, may just be signs of academic, emotional or nutritional problems -- difficulty understanding a lesson, parents who are getting divorced, an allergic reaction to a food such as peanuts or strawberries. In those cases, he suggests, a child needs only tutoring or vitamins. But he's convinced that psychiatrists don't recognize those possibilities; they just drug the child into submission, like a kiddy version of "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest." "Their only tool is to label and to drug," Figueroa says. "That's all they know how to do."
But, on the other side, that article continues:
Advocates of the psychiatric care of kids say that's preposterous. "Appropriate treatment is not always medication," says Darcy Gruttadaro, director of the National Child and Adolescent Action Center for the National Alliance for the Mentally Ill. Referring to Scientology organizations like CCHR, she says, "These groups make a leap of faith that we're going to identify kids and put them on drugs. That is their attempt to sensationalize this issue to recruit other individuals and groups."
Still, in defense of the criticism of some psychiatrists prescribing drugs for school children, consider:
   "Paying attention, not drugs, touted for ADHD"
   Q: In the book, you say every "Ritalin kid" you've ever met has "unmet needs and emotional turbulence ? not disease." Have you ever met a kid who defied this prognosis?
A: Some kids ? not an insubstantial number ? end up being labeled and drugged because the conventional classroom fails to meet their quite healthy need to be noisy and physical, and to learn at their own pace. The unhealthy diet of routine, repetition and control leaves them bored and frustrated. Some resist actively by acting out and refusing to do as they are told. Others resist passively by not paying attention or making the necessary effort to keep up with the rest of the class. In my 30 years of teaching, I have yet to meet a child whose behavioral or learning difficulties couldn't entirely be explained by his or her story. Once you get to know children well enough, you quickly discover that their problematic ways of being are not symptoms of some chemical imbalance in the brain. Rather, very often they are distress signals to which no one has been paying enough attention. That's my definition of an "attention deficit." Related story: Expert says medication has more lasting impact
But paying attention is expensive all around, whereas drugs are cheaper in the short term.
And there are also many schools of psychiatry and psychology. And Philip Zimbardo points out they may have different time perspectives (past in psychoanalysis, present in existential psychotherapy, and future in humanistic psychotherapy):
      "Time is one of the most powerful influences on our thoughts, feelings, and actions, yet we are usually totally unaware of the affect of time in our lives."
So, what schools of Psychiatry is Scientology attacking? Which aspects of Scientology would Psychiatry find most problematical (given, say, positive thinking as it likely has might be useful)? I don't meant to answer those; I'm just drawing parallels over debates of conventional medicine vs. alternative medicine each poking at each other (to be clear, this is not to give Scientology the status of much of alternative medicine).
I do feel psychological wellness is an important issue, but how to achieve it or maintain it is a complex issue, with rarely any one-size-fits-all (I have an undergrad degree in Psychology, by the way. :-)
I think the deeper issue is, as paradigms are getting overturned left and right, it's hard to know what of the old models developed in the last few hundred years, often alongside industrialism and to justify it, are sensible.
So, I think you are right to be skeptical. But, you seem very credulous about people who claim to be scientists and who are able to put documents in print in prestigious journals. As you said, "legitimacy" is a big issue.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-02 08:25:55
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Neoliberalism As Water Balloon on Vimeo 
An informative and humorous video:
   "Neoliberalism As Water Balloon" by Tim McCaskell
   "A 12 minute video about class and the economy. With simple materials found around the house, you too can conduct an experiment to see what has happened to the economy. "
Great section at the beginning on the structure of our society (triangle vs. lying-down oval).
So, P2P makes society more oval shaped? :-)
So, this is a great example of a video about social change, and, it is being shared in a p2p way.
And the video explains economic problems, including with similarities along the lines of here:
   "With breathtaking clarity, renowned University of Massachusetts Economics Professor Richard Wolff breaks down the root causes of today's economic crisis, showing how it was decades in the making and in fact reflects seismic failures within the structures of American-style capitalism itself. Wolff traces the source of the economic crisis to the 1970s, when wages began to stagnate and American workers were forced into a dysfunctional spiral of borrowing and debt that ultimately exploded in the mortgage meltdown. By placing the crisis within this larger historical and systemic frame, Wolff argues convincingly that the proposed government ?bailouts,? stimulus packages, and calls for increased market regulation will not be enough to address the real causes of the crisis - in the end suggesting that far more fundamental change will be necessary to avoid future catastrophes. Richly illustrated with motion graphics and charts, this is a superb introduction designed to help ordinary citizens understand, and react to, the unraveling economic crisis."
Relates also to:
   "The Mythology of Wealth"
   Justifications for elites and social hierarchy goes all the way back to the pharaohs. For 6000 years, society has organized itself into social classes. The people who do the work are always in the lower classes. The harder and nastier the work, the lower down in the social order you sink. The people who don?t do this work must justify their position. They do it by establishing their ?worthiness?, and a variety of cultural devices have been concocted over the millennia to accomplish this. The pharaohs, you may recall, weren?t people at all. They were gods. Roman emperors likewise had themselves deified, and before that Roman Senators justified their position as ?patricians?. Basically, ?my great great granddaddy was a big shot, therefore I should be too.? ...
   Old habits die hard. In fact, we still have a ?leisure class?. As capitalism has grown so has the wealth and privilege of our leisure class. The old mythologies ? gods, the ?great chain of being? etc. ? are no longer available to justify the existence and perpetuation of our leisure class, something our elites are definitely interested in perpetuating. What was needed was a new ?rational? world-view that justified the existence of privileged elites.
   That rationalization came in the form of a brand new science known as economics, which included a brand new mythology. ...
And also, while it does not discuss this, it relates indirectly to this:
   "The Wrath of the Millionaire Wannabe's"
   Of course eventually, these guys realize that not only are they not millionaires, they?re not making much progress toward that noble goal. That?s when they get ugly. You see, they see themselves as capable, intelligent, hard working people - and they are for the most part - who ?have what it takes? to ?make it?. They believe that the difference between those who ?make it? and those who don?t is being ?capable, intelligent and hardworking?. Things like ?having rich parents?, ?getting just plain lucky? or ?being a crook? don?t factor into the equation anywhere. No, American society is a natural hierarchy where the most capable are ?rich beyond their wildest dreams?, and the non-rich are chumps that just don?t measure up. ... It can?t be the rich to blame. That?s what they wannabe. And it can?t be them, they work hard, they?re smart. They?re playing the game ?by the rules? - and they aren?t getting anywhere. Something must be holding them back. It must be all of those taxes they pay. You know, taxes for ?social programs? for ?minorities?. Not one of them has ever looked at the federal budget to see just how much of their taxes goes for ?social programs?. We?re talking maybe five cents on the dollar. They don?t realize that 20 cents of every income tax dollar goes for interest payments to rich bond holders. They don?t realize that stealth fighters, nuclear powered aircraft carriers, and the guys to maintain and operate all of that Frankenstein military hardware cost a lot of money. To the tune of another 25 cents out of every tax dollar. They never go into the part of town where the ?minorities? live and ask where that five cents on the dollar is going. ...
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-02 09:02:38
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p in action: how about a peer book award? 
Here is one concern about a book award contest -- or, alternatively, consider this as a book nomination for the contest: :-)
   "No Contest: The Case Against Competition"
   "Contending that competition in all areas -- school, family, sports and business -- is destructive, and that success so achieved is at the expense of another's failure, Kohn, a correspondent for USA Today, advocates a restructuring of our institutions to replace competition with cooperation. He persuasively demonstrates how the ingrained American myth that competition is the only normal and desirable way of life -- from Little Leagues to the presidency -- is counterproductive, personally and for the national economy, and how psychologically it poisons relationships, fosters anxiety and takes the fun out of work and play. He charges that competition is a learned phenomenon and denies that it builds character and self-esteem. Kohn's measures to encourage cooperation in lieu of competition include promoting noncompetitive games, eliminating scholastic grades and substitution of mutual security for national security."
So, if there must be a contest, how about a "contest" where people can nominate any book that is vaguely p2p (maybe have a filtering process of yes/no that it includes p2p themes) and then pick a winner randomly from the list of entries? :-)
Anyway, what exactly is the point of this award and this contest? Is it to promote p2p cooperation on making books? :-) Or to promote individual authors? Or to promote people writing new books? What are we trying to accomplish here?
People also have various abilities that are strengths and weaknesses in different situations, so even encouraging an author after-the-fact may not be a success, as I wrote here: :-)
   "Post-Scarcity Princeton, or, Reading between the lines of PAW for prospective Princeton students, or, the Health Risks of Heart Disease "
   Plus, the very skills I use to write this essay are the very height of the old "Princeton" in some ways: alienation (elitism?), destructiveness (competitiveness?), dissatisfaction (excellence?), and so on. These are not the things Princeton most needs most going forward, but rather inclusiveness, cooperation, and effectiveness. Often our greatest strengths are also our greatest weaknesses, depending on the context. For another example, the same habits of mind that help me be a great programmer in some contexts -- perfectionism (great code), paranoia (useful for debugging), isolation (great for concentrating) and so on -- are also often huge weaknesses in dealing with people, where acceptance, trust, and gregariousness are usually key. So, being able to write this essay may prove my incompetence to do anything with the ideas in it. :-)
(I'm not nominating that book unless the prize is selected randomly. :-)
Also related:
  "Towards a free matter economy (Part 1): Information as matter, matter as   Prizes have been proposed as a much better solution than grants, and it?s not hard to see why: With a prize, the donor does not have to try to predict in advance who can achieve the proposed goal, nor how it will be achieved. Likewise, applicants don?t have to prove anything to the donor about their past performance?they just have to step up to the task at hand and do it. That means there?s no ?artificial? barrier to entry. The success of the Ansari X-Prize, recently won by Burt Rutan and Scaled Composites with Space Ship One is a good example of how well prizes can work.[10, 11]
   Except for one problem, of course: money. Winning prizes is usually only an option for people already rich enough to fund their own research. Prizes do not provide money when it is most needed?during the development process, so they do little for people with ideas but no money. True, you can look for investors, but you still have to convince them in advance that you can do the job. It?s no coincidence that so many entrepreneurs started out in    It?s also instructive to note some less-appealing details of the X-prize competition: once Space Ship One emerged as the clear leader, some competitors began to slack off, because there was no second place to strive for. Prizes fundamentally encourage competition and discourage cooperation, and they have all the benefits and dangers of competition as a result. In a field where effective cooperation seems to be essential to produce real quality, they can be seriously detrimental, as can be seen by the problems encountered by both Source Exchange and Co-Source -- the two ?reverse auction? funding sites Raymond mentions in ?The Magic Cauldron?, which are now long dead.
Two related Google searches:
      Example result, and it is another book to nominate:
   "Guide to Cooperative Games for Social Change"
   Everyday  in communities around the world, youth activists, youth workers and educators are looking for powerful, purposeful activities that can change the world. At the same time, young people want to connect with adults in powerful relationships where they can actually change the world. The Guide to Cooperative Games for Social Change  provides a resource for people who want more from youth activities.
   The Guide features a powerful introduction to cooperative games, carefully detailing their relevance for activists and educators. It continues to provide clear, concise summaries of more than two dozen activities, including icebreakers, "funners," and closers. Each description details exactly how the activity can be facilitated, as well as the equipment, time, and space needed.
   Since 2003 this document has been downloaded more than 10,000 times from The Freechild Project website. This revision features a clean, crisp layout and a fast download. Also, for the first time Freechild's parent organization offers print versions of this booklet for practitioners.
    An example from that book:
Human Scissors, Paper, Rock
Props: None
Purpose: Fun, energy-building
  Procedure: This is the human-size version of scissors/paper/rock. The end zones need  to be clearly defined. To begin, each team huddles and decides on which play to run- either rock, paper or scissors. Then the two teams meet in the playing area. If your team?s symbol wins, you chase the other team back into its end zone, trying to tag the team members before they get there. If your team?s symbol loses, you must dash back to your own end zone before you?re caught. Those people who get caught change to the other team. The game ends when everyone is on the same team.
So, Tomas' idea is already a big success as we cooperate in building on it. :-) I had never seen that book before. Or that game. I'm learning something already. :-)
Here is a small company in Canada that makes and sells cooperative board games, BTW, which I will nominate as they have a book:
      Play as friends, not as enemies! Our games foster the spirit of co-operation. Players help each other climb a mountain, make a community, bring in the harvest, complete a space exploration... They are never against each other.
   After all, the initial impulse to play a game is social; that is, we bring out a game because we want to do something together. How ironic then that in most games, we spend all our efforts trying to bankrupt someone, destroy their armies ? in other words, to get rid of one another! We soon learn how to pick on the other person's weaknesses in order to win the game.
Their book:
   "Co-op Games Manual"
   "This softcover book includes over 170 co-op games and activities for ages 3 to 12+. Little or no equipment is required. For small and large groups, from pre-schoolers through primary ages and also junior high level. Play these games in open spaces such as a farm, park or street, or the indoor spaces of a home living room, a school classroom, gym, etc. Try a co-op birthday party, co-op recess time, even a co-op play day."
A book co-written by someone with a "Humor Project" based near me:
   "Playfair: A sampling of cooperative games" by Matt Weinstein & Joel Goodman
   "THE POSSIBILITIES FOR COOPERATIVE PLAY ARE VAST. In our book, we describe over sixty different games and activities we use in our PLAYFAIRS, and those sixty are just a small corner of a very large field. We don't have space for anything like that here, but we would like to share six of these games to give you a flavor for what is possible."
Although it is true that some of the books above are not available for free online. :-( So, maybe three categories of nominations (maybe with sub-categories like Tomas said of fiction/non-fiction)? Free to change, free to copy, and proprietary, with a random pick from each list? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-02 09:34:46
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Benefits of Laughter Yoga with John Cleese 
"Benefits of Laughter Yoga with John Cleese"
   "I'm struck by how laughter connects you with people. It's almost impossible
to maintain any kind of distance or any sense of social hierarchy when
you're just howling with laughter. Laughter is a force for democracy."
So, laughter is, in a sense, anti-elite, or at least, some kinds of laughter.
So, P2P systems need to be more funny or more humorous somehow? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-02 16:19:14
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On cooperative games 
As per your request, towards a P2P blog entry.
A key aspect of P2P is cooperation. How do we know cooperation is important? The value of cooperation may seem obvious to some, but is still counter the mainstream culture in a place like the USA. Then, how can we learn how to cooperate better?
Here is a book by Alfie Kohn that tells us why cooperation is important, with many connections to the scientific literature in the text:
   "No Contest: The Case Against Competition"
   "Contending that competition in all areas -- school, family, sports and business -- is destructive, and that success so achieved is at the expense of another's failure, Kohn, a correspondent for USA Today, advocates a restructuring of our institutions to replace competition with cooperation. He persuasively demonstrates how the ingrained American myth that competition is the only normal and desirable way of life -- from Little Leagues to the presidency -- is counterproductive, personally and for the national economy, and how psychologically it poisons relationships, fosters anxiety and takes the fun out of work and play. He charges that competition is a learned phenomenon and denies that it builds character and self-esteem. Kohn's measures to encourage cooperation in lieu of competition include promoting noncompetitive games, eliminating scholastic grades and substitution of mutual security for national security."
Now that we have a reference to some scientific evidence that cooperation is important and competition is harmful, how can we learn to cooperate better? Well, practicing cooperation is a good place to start. One way to do that is through games that emphasize cooperation.
Playing with blocks or Lego together can a cooperative game (and an open-ended one with just *intrinsic* rewards). So can, say, writing and performing an impromptu theatrical play.
But sometimes people want more structured activities for whatever reasons.
Here is a small company in Canada that makes and sells cooperative board games:
      Play as friends, not as enemies! Our games foster the spirit of co-operation. Players help each other climb a mountain, make a community, bring in the harvest, complete a space exploration... They are never against each other.
   After all, the initial impulse to play a game is social; that is, we bring out a game because we want to do something together. How ironic then that in most games, we spend all our efforts trying to bankrupt someone, destroy their armies ? in other words, to get rid of one another! We soon learn how to pick on the other person's weaknesses in order to win the game.
They have a book related to cooperative games:
   "Co-op Games Manual"
   "This softcover book includes over 170 co-op games and activities for ages 3 to 12+. Little or no equipment is required. For small and large groups, from pre-schoolers through primary ages and also junior high level. Play these games in open spaces such as a farm, park or street, or the indoor spaces of a home living room, a school classroom, gym, etc. Try a co-op birthday party, co-op recess time, even a co-op play day."
Here is another book on cooperative games by another author, with a free    "Guide to Cooperative Games for Social Change"
   Everyday  in communities around the world, youth activists, youth workers and educators are looking for powerful, purposeful activities that can change the world. At the same time, young people want to connect with adults in powerful relationships where they can actually change the world. The Guide to Cooperative Games for Social Change  provides a resource for people who want more from youth activities.
   The Guide features a powerful introduction to cooperative games, carefully detailing their relevance for activists and educators. It continues to provide clear, concise summaries of more than two dozen activities, including icebreakers, "funners," and closers. Each description details exactly how the activity can be facilitated, as well as the equipment, time, and space needed.
   Since 2003 this document has been downloaded more than 10,000 times from The Freechild Project website. This revision features a clean, crisp layout and a fast download. Also, for the first time Freechild's parent organization offers print versions of this booklet for practitioners.
    Download: Here is an example from that book:
Human Scissors, Paper, Rock
Props: None
Purpose: Fun, energy-building
  Procedure: This is the human-size version of scissors/paper/rock. The end zones need  to be clearly defined. To begin, each team huddles and decides on which play to run- either rock, paper or scissors. Then the two teams meet in the playing area. If your team?s symbol wins, you chase the other team back into its end zone, trying to tag the team members before they get there. If your team?s symbol loses, you must dash back to your own end zone before you?re caught. Those people who get caught change to the other team. The game ends when everyone is on the same team.
Here is another book on cooperative games, from the 1970s, described in an article with information on a few of the games.
   "Playfair: A sampling of cooperative games" by Matt Weinstein & Joel Goodman
   "THE POSSIBILITIES FOR COOPERATIVE PLAY ARE VAST. In our book, we describe over sixty different games and activities we use in our PLAYFAIRS, and those sixty are just a small corner of a very large field. We don't have space for anything like that here, but we would like to share six of these games to give you a flavor for what is possible."
Sometimes, one can take an existing board game or social game, and with a little creativity think about how to change the rules so it is more cooperative. Generally you will know you succeeded if everyone is laughing together instead of frowning at each other in intense concentration about how to win just for themselves. :-) A related issue about games and cooperation is the difference between "finite" and "infinite" games.
   "In short, a finite game is played with the purpose of winning (thus ending the game), while an infinite game is played with the purpose of continuing the play."
For example, a game of volleyball involves sending a ball over a net back and forth between two teams. In the standard version, each team is trying to score points by tricking the opposing team into dropping the ball is a finite game. A game of volleyball where you see how long both sides can keep volleying without anyone dropping the ball is closer to an infinite game (and, is likely a much more cooperative one, where you would not knowingly put the ball in a place the opposite team can not easily reach it). It is true however that many standard team sports may have elements of both cooperation (help your team) and competition (win against the other side). Alfie Kohn tends to think even such sports have problems; people can decide for themselves whether they agree.
Here are two Google searches one can do to learn more:
      --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-02 16:49:49
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On cooperative games 
Patrick pointed out a typo in case this makes it to the blog:
 > Playing with blocks or Lego together can a cooperative game (and an
"can a" -> "can be a"
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-02 17:21:14
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google celebrates Mahatma Gandhi's 140th birthday; 
Just an archival note that today is Mahatma Gandhi's 140th birthday, and Google has changed its logo in his honor, which goes to this search:
   I don't know how to make a permanent link to the image currently here:
    From a Wikipedia article on Gandhi's life, quoting some parts of relevance to issues discussed on the p2p list:
   Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi (October 1869 ? 30 January 1948) was the pre-eminent political and spiritual leader of India during the Indian independence movement. He was the pioneer of satyagraha -- resistance to tyranny through mass civil disobedience, firmly founded upon ahimsa or total non-violence?which led India to independence and inspired movements for civil rights and freedom across the world. ... After assuming leadership of the Indian National Congress in 1921, Gandhi led nationwide campaigns to ease poverty, expand women's rights, build religious and ethnic amity, end untouchability, and increase economic self-reliance ...
   As a practitioner of ahimsa, he swore to speak the truth and advocated that others do the same. Gandhi lived modestly in a self-sufficient residential community and wore the traditional Indian dhoti and shawl, woven with yarn he had hand spun on a charkha. He ate simple vegetarian food, and also undertook long fasts as a means of both self-purification and social protest. ...
   Gandhi was a self-described philosophical anarchist, and his vision of India meant India without an underlying government. He once said that "the ideally nonviolent state would be an ordered anarchy." While political systems are largely hierarchical, with each layer of authority from the individual to the central government have increasing levels of authority over the layer below, Gandhi believed that society should be the exact opposite, where nothing is done without the consent of anyone, down to the individual. His idea was that true self-rule in a country means that every person rules his or herself and that there is no state which enforces laws upon the people. This would be achieved over time with nonviolent conflict mediation, as power is divested from layers of hierarchical authorities, ultimately to the individual, which would come to embody the ethic of nonviolence. Rather than a system where rights are enforced by a higher authority, people are self-governed by mutual responsibilities. On returning from South Africa, when Gandhi received a letter asking for his participation in writing a world charter for human rights, he responded saying, "in my experience, it is far more important to have a charter for human duties." A free India for him meant the existence of thousands of self sufficient small communities (an idea possibly from Tolstoy) who rule themselves without hindering others. It did not mean merely transferring a British established administrative structure into Indian hands which he said was just making Hindustan into Englistan. He wanted to ultimately dissolve the Congress Party after independence and establish a system of direct democracy in India, having no faith in the British styled parliamentary system.
If Gandhi were around today, I would ask him what he thought of Manuel de Landa's points about the need for a balance between meshworks and hierarchies, which it seems to me much of Gandhi life might have involved in    "To make things worse, the solution to this is not simply to begin adding meshwork components to the mix. Indeed, one must resist the temptation to make hierarchies into villains and meshworks into heroes, not only because, as I said, they are constantly turning into one another, but because in real life we find only mixtures and hybrids, and the properties of these cannot be established through theory alone but demand concrete experimentation. ... But even if we managed to promote not only heterogeneity, but diversity articulated into a meshwork, that still would not be a perfect solution. After all, meshworks grow by drift and they may drift to places where we do not want to go. The goal-directedness of hierarchies is the kind of property that we may desire to keep at least for certain institutions. Hence, demonizing centralization and glorifying decentralization as the solution to all our problems would be wrong. An open and experimental attitude towards the question of different hybrids and mixtures is what the complexity of reality itself seems to call for."
This sci-fi story has a section on a world run by Gandhian-inspired ideas:
   "And Then There Were None" by Eric Frank Russell
   James P. Hogan's "Voyage From Yesteryear" has related themes as well, and he has some amusing comments on that:
   "Summary of Voyage From Yesteryear by the author"
      ...
   In the meantime, Earth went through a dodgy period, but managed in the end to muddle through. The fun begins when a generation ship housing a population of thousands arrives to "reclaim" the colony on behalf of the repressive, authoritarian regime that emerged following the crisis period. The Mayflower II brings with it all the tried and tested apparatus for bringing a recalcitrant population to heel: authority, with its power structure and symbolism, to impress; commercial institutions with the promise of wealth and possessions, to tempt and ensnare; a religious presence, to awe and instill duty and obedience; and if all else fails, armed military force to compel. But what happens when these methods encounter a population that has never been conditioned to respond?
   The book has an interesting corollary. Around about the mid eighties, I received a letter notifying me that the story had been serialized in an underground Polish s.f. magazine. They hadn't exactly "stolen" it, the publishers explained, but had credited zlotys to an account in my name there, so if I ever decided to take a holiday in Poland the expenses would be covered (there was no exchange mechanism with Western currencies at that time). Then the story started surfacing in other countries of Eastern Europe, by all accounts to an enthusiastic reception. What they liked there, apparently, was the updated "Ghandiesque" formula on how bring down an oppressive regime when it's got all the guns. And a couple of years later, they were all doing it!
   So I claim the credit. Forget all the tales you hear about the contradictions of Marxist economics, truth getting past the Iron Curtain via satellites and the Internet, Reagan's Star Wars program, and so on.
   In 1989, after communist rule and the Wall came tumbling down, the annual European s.f. convention was held at Krakow in southern Poland, and I was invited as one of the Western guests. On the way home, I spent a few days in Warsaw and at last was able to meet the people who had published that original magazine. "Well, fine," I told them. "Finally, I can draw out all that money that you stashed away for me back in '85. One of the remarked-too hastily--that "It was worth something when we put it in the bank." (There had been two years of ruinous inflation following the outgoing regime's policy of sabotaging everything in order to be able to prove that the new ideas wouldn't work.) I said, resignedly, "Okay. How much are we talking about?" The one with a calculator tapped away for a few seconds, looked embarrassed, and announced, "Eight dollars and forty-three cents." So after the U.S. had spent trillions on its B-52s, Trident submarines, NSA, CIA, and the rest--all of it.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-03 01:58:09
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | A Mobile Phone Mesh That Can Survive 
"iTnews reports that researchers from Australia and Singapore are developing a wireless ad-hoc mesh networking technology that uses mobile handsets to share and carry information. The mesh network will make use of Bluetooth or Wi-fi to swap information between handsets ? even if the mobile phone network was offline. One potential scenario could be during an emergency where the mobile phone network was unavailable or clogged. In a city centre, users could set up the network to share information, video, photographs and, depending on the final client applications, even locate friends and loved ones. One benefit of developing such a technology would be that users sharing content between their devices would use the wireless communications technology already built into their phones and not bandwidth from their mobile provider. The researchers from the National ICT Australia and Singapore's A*STAR Institute for Infocomm Research hope to demonstrate the technology within two years, according to NICTA project leader Dr Roksana Boreli.'This is an early stage in the research project,' she said. 'We are addressing how you would quickly establish trust between devices, how you would discover them and share the information,' Boreli said."
So, natural disaster strikes? P2P phones to the rescue! :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-03 12:29:57
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Dunning Kruger Effect (self-assessments of 
Of course, there is a complement to this, in that some people who are really smart in some area assume everyone around them is just as smart in that areas because stuff seems so obvious to them in some problem domain. :-)
For example, to an experienced car mechanic, just listening to a car and suggesting fixes is often possible, but to someone else, it may seem like a mysterious gift. Genius or intuition often looks like genius or intuition only to outsiders, but often represents thousands of hours of experience and Once, almost fifteen years ago when mice were still a fairly new thing for many people, we (my wife and I) set up a spreadsheet for a company with some important data in it used to configure a larger piece of software. But, we had overestimated non-IT people's ability there at the time to be comfortable in opening a complex document and not accidentally deleting part of it with the mouse without realizing what they were doing. We had thought it was a feature that the system was so easily changeable, but, it was really a bug in an organizational sense in that context (especially given that data had to go through various formal channels to be approved). If the spreadsheet had only had textual or numerical data in it, a professional in that company might notice stuff like deleting a section, but the spreadsheet had code statements as well, so the users had no way of understanding if the spreadsheet looked right, another problem. And of course, the non-IT professionals did not have version control or difference tools that a programmer would have. We made the mistake of assuming that certain non-IT professionals had the basic competence of a programmer, even though for us at the time, opening a file and being careful in it when mousing around or double checking changes was, by then, second nature. So, we failed both in underestimating our competency as Information Technology people, and also we failed in overestimating our ability to assess the situation and understand the limited competency of the otherwise very smart end users in that situation (they were also very good with the keyboard, it was just the mouse that was the new thing). Ultimately, the end users just asked other programmers to maintain that document. :-) So, it might as well have been written in code to begin with as part of a larger system. Of course now, that most everyone can use a mouse well, that approach might have been a little better (although even now I'd hardcode that particular data).
As with your link, people who are inept at a problem domain don't usually realize it, as what you suggest, see Kruger and Dunning's "Unskilled and Unaware of It: How Difficulties in Recognizing One's Own Incompetence Lead to Inflated Self-Assessments"
But, the paper also suggests competent people tend to underestimate their own relative competence, because they typically overestimate the competence of their peers, which maybe gives anyone incompetent who reads it another reason to inflate their own self assessment. :-)
So, both aspects affect P2P, both overestimating ones competency, and underestimating one's competency. And, as with my example above, the two issues may be in play with the same people and the same situation all at the same time, with someone underestimating one thing, and overestimating another.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-03 13:17:31
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Moving to blogging: Wordpress vs. Moveable Type vs. 
This is essentially a very basic p2p question. :-)
I've decided to start my own blog or blogs on the "jobless recovery" and
"post-scarcity" themes I've talked about here and elsewhere.
This is partly because a few people have suggested I start a blog
in the past (including to declutter mailing lists from my long posts :-),
and partly for creating some sort of related revenue stream, advertising,
donations, consulting, t-shirt sales, sponsorship, or who knows. Basically,
it would just be a reorganization of stuff I have posted here (thanks to all
for helping improve these ideas), on the open manufacturing list or related
lists, and on my own website, but maybe (hopefully) written a little more
simply and engagingly, and maybe with some podcasts and other media.
Probably I'll put it all under the CC-BY license (except any fair use parts).
I've already registered some related domain names.
So, the next question is technology.
I see p2pfoundation uses Wordpress for the blog and MediaWiki for content.
My hosting provider makes Moveable Type an easy install and they will
maintain it (there is a about a US$3 monthly charge for it, as it is the
commercial version, but mostly I like the idea of someone else worrying
about security patches). Wordpress is entirely free. Moveable Type has both
an open source and a commercial version, as well as a recent fork from part
of the community. Maybe there is the slippery ethical slope to begin with of
using a paid version of mostly free software?
Here is one comparison:
   A pro Wordpress review:
Of course, as a programmer, I want to write my own stuff based on my
previous Pointrel Social Semantic Desktop ideas, :-) but I'm trying to
resist that temptation, especially now that Google Wave is out and hogging
all the thought cycles. Essentially, Wordnet, RDF, and GoogleWave cover the
thoughtspace of much of what I've wanted to do with technical
infrastructure, even if it is hard to let go of my own dreams and specific
ideas, and Google Wave still misses some key ideas I've worked towards (like dynamically overlapping semantic spaces).
Any comments on good blogging software these days for a bigger site,
hopefully allowing comments, and maybe with more than one blog? Bloxsom?
   Something else?
Maybe I should even figure out how to use Google Wave to do blogging? But that sounds kind of "bleeding edge" at the moment, even though it has a lot of good ideas and with Google behind it, is likely to be pretty good eventually with broad adoption.
I'm even open to running something on a Virtual Private Server (VPS).
I've been looking at Seaside, but I don't like the default (not clean) URLs.
But that's a general programming platform too, and I like Smalltalk coding:
"OK, I'll make this short and sweet. Here's a screencast of me building a
super simple blog in Seaside in 15 minutes, similar to the Ruby demo
screencast. "
And there is Zope and many other larger frameworks with blogs as part of
them somehow (several ones that are either Java based or Python based). I'm a programmer, so if it's a bit technical or rough to install, it's OK.
Anyway, what do people here think is the state-of-the-art in p2p blogging? And are any suggestings more cutting edge or more bleeding edge?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-03 13:20:52
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Moving to blogging: Wordpress vs. Movable Type 
I see I misspelled "Movable Type" several times. :-) Plus "suggestions".
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-03 13:38:24
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Moving to blogging: Wordpress vs. Movable Type 
I'm starting to think a better question to be asking is, what questions should I be asking about today's blogging software?
So much to choose from, even just in Python:
   A better question is, what issues should I consider to make a good choice?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-03 13:48:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Moving to blogging: Wordpress vs. Movable Type 
Interesting related link:
   "Live Blogging With Google Wave, iDEA"
"Want to cover an event through Live Blogging  ? Google Wave is all you need for Live blogging using Wordpress (or any other blogging or CMS platform like Drupal and Joomla ). Read on, to know how this can be done."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-03 19:24:51
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free Ivy-League Lectures on the Economy 
"Frau Farbissina: Lies, ALL LIES!"
(Of course, I have Ivy League degree, starting off from a mostly blue collar town and public school (except for K), so make of that what you will. :-)
"The Mythology of Wealth"
"Old habits die hard. In fact, we still have a ?leisure class?. As capitalism has grown so has the wealth and privilege of our leisure class. The old mythologies ? gods, the ?great chain of being? etc. ? are no longer available to justify the existence and perpetuation of our leisure class, something our elites are definitely interested in perpetuating. What was needed was a new ?rational? world-view that justified the existence of privileged elites. That rationalization came in the form of a brand new science known as economics, which included a brand new mythology."
With that said, I haven't looked at each link, so maybe there is some truths in there somewhere.
By the way, the below is what those Google Reader forwards look like (no links) when you have HTML mail turned off, like I do.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-03 22:22:31
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Moving to blogging: Wordpress vs. Movable Type 
Someone has recommended to me to Drupal.
This makes me realize that a larger issue is really blog vs. CMS (Content Management System):
       "For me, these three differences (structure, purpose, function) are the primary ones I worked through when thinking about the best fit for the sites I was designing (CMS or Blog engine?). Of course, from the title of this series you should?ve guessed by now that the sites I designed were more suited to a CMS than a blog engine. If so, then why did I go with Wordpress as the core for their design? In the next article I?m going to answer that Again, the p2pfoundation has Wordpress for the blog (and maybe some content?) and MediaWiki essentially as a wiki-oriented CMS as well.
As suggested here:
I've always stuck with strait HTML pages in the past (and maybe local programs on my desktop for generating them, and then SCP-ing them to the site). I actually like that, and there are packages that help with that one could use, although making a site *interactive* with comments or polls and so on is a different requirement, and entails some sort of script running on the server.
I've often mused about the Pointrel system as a content publishing system, where people develop all content using programs in Java on their desktop, but then send them to archives or web sites to share them. So, in that system, you would compose a website comment locally, and then publish it to someone else's site that allows comments. But Google Wave is doing something like that now for real (although it is browser/javascript based, not Java application based).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-04 05:02:18
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Moving to blogging: Wordpress vs. Movable Type 
Well, Drupal and other things seemed mighty nice, but I decided to try Wordpress for a while (in part because Michel is using it for the p2pfoundation blog).
Here is a first try at using that (with a first trial post, too long as usual as it tries to bring together ideas from many of my posts here and on the OM list, something to work on. :-)
   "Beyond a Jobless Recovery: Some hope and insight for troubled times..."
   A first post:
I may still change that site around, either as to the CMS/blog or even as to the domain name. But, it's a first cut at setting up a place to focus on the current issues that swirl around joblessness and an economy changing rapidly in the face of more automation and better design and other structural changes in our society (including increasing p2p).
==== A technical note related to p2p licensing:
I modified two Wordpress PHP templates to put a statement about CC-BY-SA for the default theme, in comments.php, after:
The submitter agrees that any content submitted here is hereby placed under the CC-BY-SA 3.0 Unported License (same as Wikipedia), and also agrees not
to include copyrighted material without permission of the copyright holder unless otherwise covered by "fair use". And in footer.php:
                  is proudly powered by
                 WordPress;
                 Entries (RSS)
                 and Comments (RSS).
                 All content here (including comments, but excepting items used under "fair use") is submitted under the
                 Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike
3.0 Unported License.
I can wonder if there are available Wordpress themes that build in more information about license assignments?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-04 12:05:01
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Moving to blogging: Wordpress vs. Movable Type 
Thanks for the comments.
Yes, I can see what you mean. For example, there was apparently a huge security hole in a few recent versions (except the current) where anyone could instantly become the blog admin.
And, it looks like a lot of Wordpress plugins don't work with the latest versions -- so there most be something going wrong in the design that the assumptions exposed to plugins break so easily. For example, I wanted to add reCaptcha, but it does not work.
A recent security issues with Wordpress and someone who got burned by it badly:
"Right now there is a worm making its way around old, unpatched versions of WordPress. This particular worm, like many before it, is clever: it registers a user, uses a security bug (fixed earlier in the year) to allow evaluated code to be executed through the permalink structure, makes itself an admin, then uses JavaScript to hide itself when you look at users page, attempts to clean up after itself, then goes quiet so you never notice while it inserts hidden spam and malware into your old posts."
Nasty stuff.
But here is someone else just blaming it on not keeping up to date:
But, as you say, who wants to focus on applying security patches and not writing when they set up a blog? How is the *average* user supposed to deal with this? I know how to do all this and have in the past, and even I don't want to deal with it much. :-) Still, Wordpress apparently has added a fairly automatic upgrade process, but, it entails changing permissions on lots of files first?
   The maintenance issue is what had appealed to me about Moveable Type, given my hosting provider maintains it. Although even there, you need to ask to be upgraded to different versions, so I'm not sure exactly what they do maintain? In the first URL above, a point is made that the person was using a host that one might have thought maintained Wordpress (it is not clear). In general, people seem to suggest Moveable Type focuses more on good security.
Wordpress suggests they do not do security patches on earlier versions, so you're on a continual update treadmill. But, as I said, it seems like plugins must break then? In general, as an IT-ish person, I do not like randomly upgrading software because it may introduce bugs and other incompatibilities and instabilities; that is why one should test locally first before upgrading stuff, ideally, though in practice, one generally can't or does not have the time, or, for security reasons, upgrades are essentially forced on one.
Still, there is some advice out there on general security improvements:
    I'm just trying Wordpress out, in part to find out this kind of stuff (hopefully not the hard way).
One comment from the first link, of potential interest to the p2presearch It amazes me that there are all these expert on technology and social media but they have such a poor understanding of the tools that are out there. Sure they can talk about all this conceptual stuff, use their position to get access, and draw a large following but don?t have the ability to hit a freaking button to update their blog.
   The issues with plugins that are going to break because they don?t work with newer versions of WordPress is also pretty poor. 9 times out of 10 those old plugins that you were using have competitive plugins that are newer you just have to do some research.
   It is easy to be lazy and point fingers over educating yourself about a tool you are using and have a better understanding of it while protecting Any other more specific suggestions as to more secure systems?
Zine had appealed to me because it is in Python and inspired by Wordpress:
   "Zine is an Open Source personal publishing platform written in Python. It's written with security and extensibility in mind and inherits many ideas of WordPress and other existing blogging systems. It's still a very young project and far from where we want to go but we consider it stable for everybody with a proper hosting environment. "
While I'm not a big fan of "security through obscurity", one can trade off a smaller community against being a smaller target. That's another reason I thought about just doing my own system.
Anyway, there are literally hundreds, if not thousands, of possible choices for blogging and CMS (beyond writing my own), and at least a dozens or two of them are established systems in various programming languages with big communities as a CMS/blog. Python alone has a list of dozens of blogging packages. So, it's hard to pick one. It involves both understanding the landscape of possibilities and understanding the landscape of your personal needs, and then figuring out possible matches (even multiple matches, as in the p2p foundation case which uses both Wordpress and MediaWiki). And, as you also mention, one can also go with a purely hosted solution where someone else worries about these things (assuming they do, and assuming you can still have your own domain?).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-04 14:39:38
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Moving to blogging: Wordpress vs. Movable Type 
Sure, it is usually far easier to work from a well engineered base (maybe with local customizations) than start from scratch. There are a lot of things now like feeds or nice looking style sheets or single sign on that people want or expect and it would be a pain to rework all that.
But I have long wanted something different from most of what's out there that had a few characteristics more like Google Wave is exploring (and beyond that).
One is a semantic focus, so you are exchanging webs of linked information (so, more like RDF).
Another is a layering ability, so you can overlay your own links on top of public links.
Another is a p2p distributed aspect, like email.
Another is a transactional paradigm.
Another is easy replication and redistribution of content (especially entire Another is desktop applications to work with all this, and maybe publish summaries to web pages as desired.
These are all things I've been exploring, or wanted to be exploring, with the Pointrel system. So, this is not quite the same as just wanting to roll my own blog software.
When I talked about the p2p foundation infrastructure being Wordpress and MediaWiki, I left out an obvious important part -- this mailing list,
  which is powered by Python software called Mailman.
I've basically been using that (plus Google Groups like Open Manufacturing) as my personal publishing platform. :-) And, I like it. :-) Even if I want to consolidate my writings here and on the OM list and repackage them for a larger audience with a different focus (so, perhaps looking at these issues through the employment lense, not the p2p lense).
Why do I like the p2p mailing list as a publishing platform for me?
* Somebody else maintains it and set it up.
* It's public.
* There is a community to converse with.
* There are archives (I prefer Mailman over Google Groups because you can download the archives in mbox format).
* Any post both goes instantly on the web so it is searchable and referenceable by a link
* Any post I make is also being backed up to dozens of other computers (people's inboxes), so even if p2presearch was shut down, the ideas are out * People can easily share what I write if they want (forwarding a note), or they can edit it as they comment on it and repost it.
* I keep an easily accessible local copy of whatever I write in my email system (unlike Wordpress or other CMS systems that need to be backed up seperately in an odd format).
Google Wave says it is reinventing email, but really, it is more reinventing the mailing list in a way. But, there remains a lot to do in this space, as with my list above (semantic issues, transactional issues, distributed issues), only some of which Google Wave seems to support; but I'm not a Google Wave expert -- haven't even tried it yet -- and Google Wave is obviously a moving target as (supposedly) an open source project.
Anyway, so exploring those issues is a reason for me to write code. Just so much to do, so little time, so much other stuff happening by so many other people in various communities, etc. So, is it write code, write content, or New ideas are often best first implemented in old ways (so talking about p2p on a mailman mailing list), whereas new ways are best applied first to old ideas (so, using new p2p software to talk about running bureaucracies). :-)
So, if I have new ideas and new ways, well, that's a problem, and much higher risk. But, it's more fun and has more creative energy sometimes. :-)
Sure. Right now, for my pdfernhout.net, I write stuff in a certain simple markup, run a Python script (which my wife wrote to put a book online, and I expanded to may own needs for turning emails into web pages based on my email writing style) and then generate pages (all kept under version control) which I then SSH to the server when I am happy with how they look locally. A bit of a bother to do a few steps, but it works.
No room for comments, though, as that is a static publishing system. Still, if one had a shared desktop system that people used, everyone could publish their comments perhaps through it in an p2p way, either relaying them through websites or relaying them to other peers and then the site owner could publish them.
Probably. Again, then which one to choose?
Anyway, I can do all the technical stuff. Making the choice from a bewildering array of possibilities is hard. Many people just make the choice from what their friends are using or based on what is easy to have access to from their provider (not necessarily a bad plan, as it relies on social networking intelligence). As a more techy person, I try to make the choice by looking at all the options and trying to understand their strengths and weaknesses in the context of my own situation.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-04 18:22:32
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Moving to blogging: Wordpress vs. Movable Type 
Another item from that site, as I start one: :-)
   "Blogs Are Dead"
   I don't fully agree with the criticisms there -- especially mixing themes of both blogs being old technology while at the same time saying they are immature (both can be true, but reconciling that may lead to a different conclusion, like in the points I raise about improvements I'd like to see in a p2p-oriented communications tool).
Unlike that writer, I think chronology is a good way to organize things, and even search for things, as long as it is not the only way to organize and But I do agree that this idea mentioned there of a convergence between blogs and wikis is a good point. And Wordpress, with the ability to add general pages, is an example.
As with the p2p foundation, there is a mix of needs. One need is to continually consolidate our collective current understanding of things (wiki) and the other is a sequence of commentaries about what is going on right now (blog) perhaps supervised by one point of control. This is perhaps another example of meshwork (wiki?) and hierarchy (blog?) balance.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-04 20:54:29
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] gotta read this 
From the link: "I really don?t know what to say anymore, about a country in which proposing a new and better version of corporate-plunder masquerading as national healthcare gets you burned in effigy for being a socialist stooge by gun-toting angry mobs. ... Looking at America today, it all feels so very past tense to me. ..."
As a US American, that feels all too true sometimes. Still, ultimately, we don't have the luxury of despair. As I wrote here:
   We can, and should, ask how we can create institutions that help everyone in them become healthier, more loving, more charitable, more hopeful, more caring (even as they may be dying or even if they are tragically taking others with them).
   The last word on almost all airplane crash cockpit voice recorders is the same -- "Shit!" -- usually after the pilots' calm struggle for minutes with a seemingly impossible situation like trying to get an airplane with a multiple failing engines over a mountain -- they don't give up even when the task seems impossible. But those are just the aircraft tragedies, the same training helps pilots fly millions of safe and comfortable air miles.
   We should also ask how we can create institutions which even help everyone in them become even more faithful in the sense of believing at least in values like health, love, charity, hope, community, and caring. As I say later in this essay, it is part of the human condition to have faith in something (even if it is faith in faithlessness).
I grew up being taught I lived in Ancient Athens (Democracy); it took a long time to realize I lived in Ancient Sparta (Military Empire).
At this point, even Sparta's looking pretty good. :-(
   Watching both the health care and climate/energy debates in Congress, it is hard not to draw the following conclusion: There is only one thing worse than one-party autocracy, and that is one-party democracy, which is what we have in America today.
   One-party autocracy certainly has its drawbacks. But when it is led by a reasonably enlightened group of people, as China is today, it can also have great advantages. That one party can just impose the politically difficult but critically important policies needed to move a society forward in the 21st century. It is not an accident that China is committed to overtaking us in electric cars, solar power, energy efficiency, batteries, nuclear power and wind power. China?s leaders understand that in a world of exploding populations and rising emerging-market middle classes, demand for clean power and energy efficiency is going to soar. Beijing wants to make sure that it owns that industry and is ordering the policies to do that, including boosting gasoline prices, from the top down.
   Our one-party democracy is worse. The fact is, on both the energy/climate legislation and health care legislation, only the Democrats are really playing. With a few notable exceptions, the Republican Party is standing, arms folded and saying ?no.? Many of them just want President Obama to fail. Such a waste. Mr. Obama is not a socialist; he?s a centrist. But if he?s forced to depend entirely on his own party to pass legislation, he will be whipsawed by its different factions.
Whatever US American was, it has ceased to exist on more than one occasion, and now is another example. What lies ahead is uncharted waters. We can hopefully build on the good (diversity, abundance) and let go of the old (empire, territoriality, discrimination, militarism). But, that's just a hope.
US America is dead; long live US America. :-)
President Carter said it best in 1979:
   We ourselves are the same Americans who just ten years ago put a man on the Moon. We are the generation that dedicated our society to the pursuit of human rights and equality. And we are the generation that will win the war on the energy problem and in that process rebuild the unity and confidence of America.
   We are at a turning point in our history. There are two paths to choose. One is a path I've warned about tonight, the path that leads to fragmentation and self-interest. Down that road lies a mistaken idea of freedom, the right to grasp for ourselves some advantage over others. That path would be one of constant conflict between narrow interests ending in chaos and immobility. It is a certain route to failure.
   All the traditions of our past, all the lessons of our heritage, all the promises of our future point to another path, the path of common purpose and the restoration of American values. That path leads to true freedom for our nation and ourselves. We can take the first steps down that path as we begin to solve our energy problem.
Well, we took the wrong path. And we have three decades of going in the wrong direction to undo.
 From John Gardner's 1971 book "Self-Renewal: The Individual and the Innovative Society":
"As I was browsing in a university bookstore recently, I heard an apple-cheeked girl say to her companion, "The truth is that our society and everything in it is in a state of decay." I studied her carefully and I must report that she did not seem even slightly decayed. But what of the society as a whole? Decay is hardly the word for what is happening to us. We are witnessing changes so profound and far-reaching that the mind can hardly grasp all the implications. ... Only the blind and complacent could fail to recognize the great tasks of renewal facing us -- in government, in education, ..."
John Gardner goes on to say that every generation faces the problem of renewing itself to meet new challenges emerging from the very success of the old ways of doing things. And he suggests that social values are not some drying up old reservoir, but rather a reservoir of variable capacity that must be recharged anew in every generation.
Democracy -- use it or lose it.
Free speech on the internet -- use it or lose it.
Social capital -- use it or lose it?
P2P -- use it or lose it? :-)
Again, Gardner's book was written in 1971, so, about forty years ago. Although it's true the last thirty years in the USA has pretty much been a disaster socially ("greed is good"), even if technically we have advanced, and there has at least also been a growing environmental consciousness.
The article mentions US nukes. Sure, if it gets really ugly and the nukes and plagues are loosed, it will be really bad. Let's hope that can be prevented. Good examples of alternative ways to live and interact can help by providing a good example of something positive to transition towards.
A sci-fi example of moving forward.
   "The government of the Mayflower II utilizes various methods used throughout human history in its attempts to exert control over the Chironians; bureaucratic legislature, a capitalist financial system, and proselytizing religion. However, they are frustrated by failure at every turn: as a people that have never been exposed to Earth's coercive authorities, the Chironians lack the social conditioning to even comprehend the attempts at subversion. Soon many of the crew from the Mayflower II are abandoning their increasingly futile positions in the invading hierarchy in favor of adopting the more rewarding Chironian lifestyle. Amid widespread speculation that a violent conflict will soon break out, some of the people who arrived on the Mayflower II realize that the Chironians do not intend to harm the majority of the ship's occupants, but rather use a form of satyagraha (Mahatma Gandhi's philosophy of nonviolent noncompliance) to integrate the peaceful travelers into their society and isolate the small number who present a real One thing that Iraq is an example of, that I read in the run up to Iraq. Rotten countries and hollow dictatorships generally collapse really fast; like a piece of termite infested wood, they continue to look solid even if there is no substance inside, until they suddenly collapse upon applying some pressure. It is what comes afterwards that is the challenge -- the decades of rebuilding. As that article shows, the US government has collapsed as far as being able to effectively relate to reality or its people (even if the routine continues). Or, another way of saying that is that the USA has gone senile. The question is, what comes afterward?
Of course, I doubt most other US Americans would agree with me yet. Maybe I do paint too strong a picture? But, when you look at states that have turned violent, the USA could all too quickly go that route. The use of guns to intimidate and defend a status quo is all too scary, like the people showing up at health care rallies with assault weapons. Reminds me of other countries where impromptu militias are used to enforce strict religious codes, like with the Taliban. What these gun toters are saying is, we're willing to defend the status quo. Normally, that would be great (conservatism of important values, like the environment), except it is a problem when the status quo is driving off a cliff (conservation of polluting the planet).
If only conservatives would really conserve. :-)
And if only liberals would really liberate. :-)
"If I knew...that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of
doing me good, I should run for my life." -- Henry David Thoreau
"If you have come to help me, you are wasting your time. But if you have
come because your liberation is bound up with mine, then let us work together"
Jacque Fresco mentions in one video how if we don't come up with a better way to live, people will turn to strongmen (dictators) to tell them how to live and how to organize the economy, as security starts to trump all other concerns. That sounds all too true historically.
The article mentions 1930s Weimar Germany. See also:
   "They Thought They Were Free: The Germans, 1933-45"
   "What no one seemed to notice," said a colleague of mine, a philologist, "was the ever widening gap, after 1933, between the government and the people. Just think how very wide this gap was to begin with, here in Germany. And it became always wider. You know, it doesn?t make people close to their government to be told that this is a people?s government, a true democracy, or to be enrolled in civilian defense, or even to vote. All this has little, really nothing, to do with knowing one is governing.
    ...
   "But the one great shocking occasion, when tens or hundreds or thousands will join with you, never comes. That?s the difficulty. If the last and worst act of the whole regime had come immediately after the first and smallest, thousands, yes, millions would have been sufficiently shocked?if, let us say, the gassing of the Jews in ?43 had come immediately after the ?German Firm? stickers on the windows of non-Jewish shops in ?33. But of course this isn?t the way it happens. In between come all the hundreds of little steps, some of them imperceptible, each of them preparing you not to be shocked by the next. Step C is not so much worse than Step B, and, if you did not make a stand at Step B, why should you at Step C? And so on to Step D.
   "And one day, too late, your principles, if you were ever sensible of them, all rush in upon you. The burden of self-deception has grown too heavy, and some minor incident, in my case my little boy, hardly more than a baby, saying ?Jewish swine,? collapses it all at once, and you see that everything, everything, has changed and changed completely under your nose. The world you live in ? your nation, your people ? is not the world you were born in at all. The forms are all there, all untouched, all reassuring, the houses, the shops, the jobs, the mealtimes, the visits, the concerts, the cinema, the holidays. But the spirit, which you never noticed because you made the lifelong mistake of identifying it with the forms, is changed. Now you live in a world of hate and fear, and the people who hate and fear do not even know it themselves; when everyone is transformed, no one is transformed. Now you live in a system which rules without responsibility even to God. The system itself could not have intended this in the beginning, but in order to sustain itself it was compelled to go all the way.
Really, the only antidote to hate and fear is love and laughter.
   But also knowledge helps. We know a lot more than we did then.
         That is all reason for hope.
Something else that is positive:
   "The Optimism of Uncertainty" by Howard Zinn
   In this awful world where the efforts of caring people often pale in comparison to what is done by those who have power, how do I manage to stay involved and seemingly happy? I am totally confident not that the world will get better, but that we should not give up the game before all the cards have been played. The metaphor is deliberate; life is a gamble. Not to play is to foreclose any chance of winning.
   To play, to act, is to create at least a possibility of changing the world. There is a tendency to think that what we see in the present moment will continue. We forget how often we have been astonished by the sudden crumbling of institutions, by extraordinary changes in people's thoughts, by unexpected eruptions of rebellion against tyrannies, by the quick collapse of systems of power that seemed invincible. What leaps out from the history of the past hundred years is its utter unpredictability. This confounds us, because we are talking about exactly the period when human beings became so ingenious technologically that they could plan and predict the exact time of someone landing on the moon, or walk down the street talking to someone halfway around the earth. ...
I doubt most US Americans are even aware of these issues. Something is wrong, but it is not clear what. The TV says it is liberals and taxes that are wrong, so that must be it. Even if the most prosperous times in terms of economic advancement for most US Americans were after WWII when the USA had a 91% marginal tax rate, and as a result of liberal and governmental    And even that was just to prevent a revolution and a move to "communism" in the USA, which was in the air in the 1930s as the economy imploded.
It's taken me many years to move into a better understanding of some of these issue, like the limits of the free market (while still accepting it's virtues). The Iraq war was a big motivator there, to understand the horror and how it could happen, in my case to call Hillary Clinton's office before the invasion and talk to a staffer and tell them vast numbers of people will die if that goes forward and to have the staffer just repeat stupid scripted junk. Where is the accountability for millions of deaths and trillions of dollars wasted?
   "George Bush - "Imagine" (Bush is gone, let it go, people!)"
   For me, that was a decision point, to say something in public or to just hunker down. Two stories written from my time posting to Pacifica Radio forums before the Iraq war:
      The first is very much a p2p story in a way. :-)
Someone conservative on a forum (slashdot) once told me we differed on one thousand assumptions. I think that was accurate. :-) Over time, hundreds or thousands of assumptions to be questioned, and hundreds or thousands of new ideas to be accepted. (And I'm not saying I'm right on all those.) But, questioning a thousand assumptions is a process that takes a long time (even the most basic ones, like Alfie Kohn's criticism of competition, or John Taylor Gatto's criticism of compulsory schooling).
   "We cannot simply be passive. We must choose whose interests are best: those who want to keep things going as they are or those who want to work to make a better world. If we choose the latter, we must seek out the tools we will need. History is just one tool to shape our understanding of our world. And every tool is a weapon if you hold it right. "
It's an unfortunate self-defeating violent metaphor at the end of that statement and in the name of the site, though.
   So, after trillions now to war that has made the US less safe, we just spent trillion for bailouts to banks. There was tens of billions for failed auto industries that deserved to fail (advertising people into buying wasteful cars and using lobbyists to resist reforms that would have saved them). And now, as the article suggests, we get a health care plan that is essentially a gift to the insurance industry and drug industry and so on, but, further, still manages to link the taxpayer into covering much of the projected doubling in cost for hospitalization over then next decade. And we still can't cover everyone, because US$100 billion a year more in taxes (even if the economy would save many times that) is too much.
That is not a Congress accountable to the interests of most of the people.
The facts:
* Covering everyone with platinum level medical care is cheaper than what we have now in the USA.
* Converting the USA to all renewables (plus energy efficiency) would cost less than one-half of one year of the US defense budget, most of which goes to defending supplies of foreign oil.
* It would be cheaper for the US tax payer to give everyone a free electric car than pay to subsidize gasoline cars. :-)
For the last, see my post to the OM list: :-)
  "Why luxury safer electric cars should be free-to-the-user "
We are reaching the end of the importance of money as a control system for making major production decisions in our society. Yet money still controls Congress, related to TV advertising. One might hope that the rise of the internet in elections might lead to better representation in Congress. We will see.
We might be better off controlling our economy through email than through money. :-) Mentioned somewhere in here:
And discussion is a key aspect of democracy. With democracy, we often focus
on the "voting" and forget about the discussion and attempts at consensus
making. Cybersyn and the Venus Project and ideas in the Zeitgeist Addendum
may all fail too in that way, to not see the discussion aspect as hopeful,
and how the internet is empowering that (even with negatives of the
internet). When there is active discussion within a democracy, even with
voting machine fraud, the greater that top level decisions deviate from the
general consensus, the more stress there will be on the system, and the more
likely, overall, the system will eventually correct itself.
    "You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some
of the time, but you can not fool all of the people all of the time.
(Abraham Lincoln)"
So, while I actually like the idea of a cybernetic backbone (say, to collect
data to be used for planning mining needs or other aggregate needs), it
would be interacting with more locally autonomous systems where resources
were turned into products (as gifts, as local production for oneself, or
through formal rationing). Within that framework, I can wonder if what we
have as far as governance through open public mailing lists like with the
Debian GNU/Linux project is maybe enough already to run a planet well? :-)
Really, is it going to be that much better to have numbers flitting around
unseen through a network and AI than to have people discussing the numbers
on mailing lists? We tradeoff convenient accounting for robust
accountability. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-04 22:03:24
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] gotta read this (USA in the past tense) 
Another one of those front-porch disputes. :-)
The Civil War is a complex topic. But there are alternative views on it:
  "Many people think the Civil War of 1860-1865 was fought over one issue alone, slavery. Nothing could actually be further from the truth. The War Between the States began because the South demanded States' rights and were not getting them. The Congress at that time heavily favored the industrialized northern states to the point of demanding that the South sell is cotton and other raw materials only to the factories in the north, rather than to other countries. The Congress also taxed the finished materials that the northern industries produced heavily, making finished products that the South wanted, unaffordable. The Civil War should not have occurred. If the Northern States and their representatives in Congress had only listened to the problems of the South, and stopped these practices that were almost like the taxation without representation of Great Britain, then the Southern states would not have seceded and the war would not have occurred."
Some suggest that had the USA cut the southerners loose decades earlier (slavery had been a big issue, like with the Missouri Compromise), slavery would have ended sooner and better on its own in the South. For comparison, has the US invasion of Iraq really produced any significant regime change (other than maybe for the Kurds)? It is hard to impose cultural change from the outside.
By the way, the British said they would free the slaves if they won the American Revolutionary war. Same trick as Honest Abe did, in that sense, except the British ultimately lost, and so the slaves were not freed. What does that make the US founding fathers fighters for? Freedom for themselves? Or slavery for others?
Similar concept to outlined here:
   "southern states resisting BIG Brother dominating their affairs,contrary to the United states Constitution
slavery was smartly added by ole abe midway through the war to help northern's cause."
This is not to discount the resistance to the Fugitive Slave act and other moral sentiments in the North. The fact is, why not just let the South go its own way? What value was there in "preserving the union"? Are the Netherlands and Belgium that much worse off for having split centuries ago?
But the problem with splitting countries is that those in power in the government feel they lose power. They also loose taxable revenue and access to certain resources (though they may also loose problems).
With that said, almost anyone nowadays would feel repugnance at the southern claims of a violation of what they claimed was their human right to own property (human slaves). And, the whole war on the Southern side was a sham too, from another perspective:
  "Wing nuts are too stupid to win their fake Civil War"
Our Civil War was not about freedom or states' rights, as redneck
apologists have claimed for almost a century. In fact, a whole section
of the country was hustled from their bone marrow to their brainpans.
   Those hustled were the vast majority of the Confederate Army, the
"little people." They were conned by the plantation owners who
considered them no more than poor white trash.
   Even so, with a long social history of being looked down upon by the
slave owners and valued below their expensive chattel, the so-called
white trash class was full of believers quick to identify with those
above them in wealth, power and education. The trash was convinced of
their rightness, once the mythology got up a good head of steam, to the
point of suicidal obnoxiousness. These men actually thought that their
constitutional rights would be torn asunder if slavery ended.
We will no doubt reprise this with AI rights too, at some point. :-)
   "Human rights for robots? We?re getting carried away"
   I could quibble about some of the other points; it's hard to sort out the value to the world of many US American actions against the self-servingness.    "The NED, NGOs and the Imperial Uses of Philanthropy: Why They Hate Our Kind Hearts, Too"
   You left out the genocide against the natives (something there was less of in Canada and South America). Also, much of US technological achievements in the last 60 years were built by taking in German scientists like Einstein (both Jews from before WWII and Nazis from after).
And then there is this:
   While one might look at more modern examples of US wars related to corporate interests, in the old days there was stuff like this in China:
   And the US has destroyed democracies around the world, too (Chile, Iran, etc.) plus undermined or restructured lots of other governments for reasons of corporate profits (though it is not the only country to have done so, Africa is in such a sorry state in part by meddling by lots of European powers too.)
But, in such a big and diverse country as the USA, it is hard to summarize neatly all these issues. There is a lot of truth to what you say. There are things to be proud of about the USA, like free speech, or as you suggest, a tolerance of diversity. There are many individual efforts to be proud of too.
Still, we can only hope the rest of the world does not judge the USA by the same standards the US government applied to places like Iraq:
* Corrupt elections -- check.
* Leaders who torture -- check.
* Mass imprisonment -- check.
* Human rights violations like denial of health care or large student loan indebtedness to enslave children -- check.
* The rest of the world rates it as the number one threat to world peace -- * Past internal genocide -- check. (Though not so much recently.)
* WMDs -- check.
The USA's military doctrine is based on unilateral dominance and not mutual security. Until that changes, it's hard to say the USA is not putting the entire world at risk.
By the standards of many US Americans saying Iran or Iraq should be nuked, where does that leave us? Parody of the song popular in the 1970s:
  "Bomb Iran" song (from John McCain's joke)
      "What Would Have Happened if the "Bomb Iran" Contingent had its Way?"
   By the way, how did the lead get into the gas in the first place?
         "Just after World War I, American engineers made their choice. Putting profit above public health was nothing new for American industry, but it had never been done on such a massive scale and with such deadly results... "
*If* the USA has been an engine of innovations that matter (other than leaded gas and nuclear weapons), which of:
* genocide,
* profits from slavery,
* a lot of open land,
* protection by oceans,
* exploiting other countries,
* surviving WWII with an intact industrial base relative to the rest of the world, or
* taking in German scientists
is most to account for it? :-)
Still, at least the USA is in the top twenty for countries being perceived as corruption free, tied with Belgium and Japan at number 18:
   "2008 CORRUPTION PERCEPTIONS INDEX"
  and eclipsing Saint Lucia.
   I don't know, is that really where the world will feel safe getting it's innovations from? Would you trust Saint Lucia to be in charge of the world's renewable energy technology? :-)
Granted, China is listed as Anyway, is the USA, within its borders, a fairly good country to live in for the wealthiest there? Well, yes, compared to some much worse countries in several areas like as regards kidnapping. Though even there:
"The Price of Privilege: How Parental Pressure and Material Advantage Are Creating a Generation of Disconnected and Unhappy Kids"
Contrast with:
"Why are Dutch children so happy?"
"Why Dutch women don't get depressed"
Is the USA a bad place to be poor compared to most other industrialized countries? Again, probably yes.
"An UNESCO report places the UK an the US on the lowest places of a list of countries, looking to the well-being of children, and places the Netherlands on the top of the same list."
Is the USA a pretty bad country outside its borders (like global climate change issues or overthrowing democracies)? Yes, compared to most other industrialized countries.
So, could the USA do a lot better both inside and outside its borders? Yes, it would seem.
But it does not try to do better as a society. Why is that?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-05 11:09:07
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] gotta read this (money vs. informational aid) 
Here are some comments on charitable monetary giving (at the start), as well as informational p2p giving (at the end).
=== Charitable monetary giving
A lot of charitable giving in the USA is related to supporting churches, which in the USA are IMHO basically private social clubs for locals (even if they have a small fraction of their budget that may go to other worthy causes, and even if in theory anyone can join). I'm not saying they are not good things to have, of course; well, at least some of them. :-)
To pick on one group I've been an informal member of and donated to: :-)
   "Shame on UU"
      "The Joys And Concerns Of Nominal UU" by Kathy Hamill
   "[Examining the goal of world community with peace, liberty and justice for all:] I came to the UUs in the 60s as a pacifist. Pacifism has remained the foundation for my ethics and my preferences, if those two things are different. (I don't think they are.) I continued to self-invent as an anarchist and a career advocate for those who are least likely to be deemed "worthy" of justice -- indigent, often personally offensive, or simply dangerous, criminals. Thus, peace, liberty and justice for all are conditions precedent to any concept of community, in my view. World community is a fine goal; however, I think it puts the cart way ahead of the horse. The inclusion of this principle makes conspicuous the absence of a like principle naming the goal of strong, loving, local community possessed of those traits, as well as a myriad of others. People who cannot find/invent successful, universally enriching local community are not particularly likely to advance the goal of world community."
Still, even the conservative Catholics get the idea of a "basic income": :-)
   "The Social Credit proposals explained in 10 lessons; Lesson 1: The end of economics: To make goods join those who need them"
  So, it's hard to paint religions with a broad brush, even if one may wrestle with various dogmas. I think people in the USA sincerely give that money thinking they are helping support community and good deeds. (Well, face-to-face social pressure is part of it too. :-)
Nonetheless, from:
   Americans give a lot to charity: $260.3 billion in 2005, a $15 billion increase over 2004.  This is a 6.1% increase over 2004, though it is only a 2.7% increase if you consider the impact of inflation.  ...
   Individuals give away most of this money: $199 billion in 2005, or 76.5% of all giving.  Giving by individuals went up 6.4% before inflation. Bequests -- giving by individuals who have died -- added up to another $17.44 billion.
   A large part of individual giving goes to religious organizations, which received $93.2 billion in 2005.
   Foundations gave away $30 billion in 2005, or 11.5% of all giving.  This is a 5.6% increase.  The Foundation Center attributes this increase to a growth in the number of foundations and the rise in the stock market in 2004.
   Corporations greatly increased their giving in 2005, up 22.5%, to $13.77 billion.  This increase in part reflects corporate donations of money and products in response to the natural disasters
So, close to half of individual charitable giving in the USA, or about a third the total, goes to these private social clubs (paying a minister's salary, keeping roofs in good repair, paying utility bills) but is labeled "charity". It stretches the notion of charity IHMO, even if some of it clearly is charitable. But maybe that is just me. :-)
As Joan Roelofs suggests, much of the foundation aid is tied to a capitalist and imperial agenda:
   "The NED, NGOs and the Imperial Uses of Philanthropy: Why They Hate Our Kind Hearts, Too"
   As Noam Chomsky suggests, the people who run most philanthropies (most with roots in academia) are steeped in mainstream assumptions:
   "People within them, who don?t adjust to that structure, who don?t accept it and internalize it (you can?t really work with it unless you internalize it, and believe it); people who don?t do that are likely to be weeded out along the way, starting from kindergarten, all the way up."
And G. William Domhoff suggest the same:
Q:  Do they rule secretly from behind the scenes, as a conspiracy?
A:  No, conspiracy theories are wrong, though it's true that some corporate leaders lie and steal, and that some government officials try to keep things secret (but usually fail).
    Q:  Then how do they rule?
A:  That's a complicated story, but the short answer is through open and direct involvement in policy planning, through participation in political campaigns and elections, and through appointments to key decision-making positions in government. [And foundations.]
Still, I think that is shifting. More and more people in foundations, for example, are sensing something is changing. An increasing interest in social media is one example. Just recently my wife was contacted by someone in a foundation in relation to her Rakontu project who said that their foundation had been using social media infrastructure for many years now to help others, and they were starting to think, maybe they should invest directly in it instead of just take the infrastructure for granted? :-) Just one datapoint, but a hopeful one, that investing in free and open source software is getting on the radar screen of some foundations (even the US NSF).
And maybe someday, there will be more money for more physical community centers, bigger libraries, and so on.
It's a terribly slow process for foundations to shift some of their giving towards open infrastructure (by "internet time" standards :-), but it seems to be slowly happening.
"Slashdot | Is Open Source the Answer To Giving?"
   "Mark Surman, Shuttleworth Foundation fellow, writes that open source is the
answer to philanthropy's $55 trillion question: how to spend the money
expected to flow into foundations over the next 25 years. While others have
lashed out at 'Philanthro-Capitalism' ? claiming that the charitable giving
of Gates and others simply extends power in the market to power over society
? Surman believes that open source shows the way to the harmonious yin-yang
of business and not-for-profit. Sun, Microsoft, Cisco, IBM, Yahoo, and
Facebook are big backers of Creative Commons; Mozilla has spawned two
for-profits. Open source shows that philanthropy and business can cohabit
and mutually thrive. Indeed, philanthropy might learn from open source to
find new ways to organize itself for spending that $55 trillion."
On religious aid through schools, in the USA we are told by the mainstream media get all upset that the Taliban or other fundamentalist groups run schools for kids (including meals) where other indoctrination supposedly happens, but then we ignore how both religious schools and secular schools is the USA both tend to indoctrinate kids to accept capitalism and militarism. See, for example:
"Weapons of Mass Instruction: A Schoolteacher's Journey through the Dark World of Compulsory Schooling" by John Taylor Gatto
Also, on foreign aid, a bunch of of US foreign aid goes to Israel (always the top recipient it seems) and then a few other countries of the day of military intervention. Factor out the military or corruption related aid, and the rest is not that much general foreign aid for things like disaster relief efforts or infrastructure building and so on (as a percentage of GDP, low as it is relatively). And even the aid that does go through for that is generally to buy US American products to do something.
"Who Gets U.S. Foreign Aid"
The U.S. will give an estimated $26 billion in foreign aid in 2008?70% more than when President George W. Bush took office (the figure doesn?t include funds related to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan). More than 150 countries get financial assistance from the U.S. Here are the six that received the most this year.
   COUNTRY 	AID 	PURPOSE
1. Israel 	$2.4 billion 	Virtually all of this money is used to buy weapons (up to 75% made in the U.S.). Beginning in 2009, the U.S. plans to give $30 billion over 10 years.
2. Egypt 	$1.7 billion 	$1.3 billion to buy weapons; $103 million for education; $74 million for health care; $45 million to promote civic participation and human rights.
3. Pakistan 	$798 million 	$330 million for security efforts, including military-equipment upgrades and border security; $20 million for infrastructure.
4. Jordan 	$688 million 	$326 million to fight terrorism and promote regional stability through equipment upgrades and training; $163 million cash payment to the Jordanian government.
5. Kenya 	$586 million 	$501 million to fight HIV/AIDS through drug treatment and abstinence education and to combat malaria; $15 million for agricultural development; $5.4 million for programs that promote government 6. South Africa 	$574 million 	$557 million to fight TB and HIV/AIDS; $3 million for education.
That's about half the money "aid" there. The first four are mostly all military. Look at even the last, for example, with AIDs drugs, so, probably most of that is to buy US American products. Why else would only a tiny fraction go to "education"? Of other countries, often spending is related to the drug war which is tearing various countries apart.
The USA is spending about five trillion US$ total on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan (current estimates in total costs long term). Think about how much more secure the USA would be if that money had been allocated to truly worthwhile charitable aid instead, compared to only US$26 billion a year on "aid", most of that to facilitate weapons sales.
Maybe if more charitable dollars went to open community things instead of creed-based centers, there might be a bigger community center for my own town based on charity (rather than a dozen small churches mostly only used on Sundays)? Well, there is a a bit of a small community center paid for by tax dollars, left over when the town built a new town hall. For a small town, it's actually quite nice. My wife wanted to have a group there for parents with young kids, but the Seniors had it mostly booked up. At least during the day, the seniors have taken this one small free-to-the-user center over for their free-to-the-user lunches where they get to complain about how they want to keep their free-to-the-user medical care unchanged and how they don't want their children and grandchildren to have the same free-to-the-user medical care because it is scary economically for the seniors to think about change. :-( Essentially, the community center during the day is the place where the USA's old eat the USA's young. :-( Not that I don't want seniors to have free lunches or free medical care or free discussions or a free place to do that -- it's just that they are the only ones who get that where I live in the USA (plus some children do, too). Sadly, I feel the seniors in the USA are part of running the place into the ground, especially as they are most attached to increasing out-of-date ideology of scarcity. Still, who built the bridges? Who built the roads? Who built the hospitals? Those were built by people who are now seniors. So, it is an issue with the way US social benefits (and charity) are structured, because all these social benefit schemes in the USA were set up as pyramid schemes, not investments. Individually, most seniors have made big But, as I read somewhere, and actually about Europe more than the USA,
   "The Lost Youth of Europe"
   we now have built a society where the seniors act like footloose teenagers, and the teenagers have a huge weary burden of dread, school-prison, and work ahead of them. So, that is another aspect of why the USA is being talked about in the "past tense". I'd suspect it will spread to Europe too.
In today's news, perhaps partially as a response to running out of tear gas during last years riots by Greek youths:
   "Greeks Vote Socialists Into Power"
"Greece's opposition Socialists won national elections on Sunday as voters rejected the incumbent center-right party that had been tarred by scandals and unpopular economic policies during its five and a half years in office. ... To tackle an unemployment rate of 9% and what is expected to be Greece's first recession in 15 years, Pasok has vowed to pursue a ?3 billion ($4.4 billion) stimulus program. It has pledged to raise taxes on the wealthy and clean up endemic corruption in the public sector. The incumbents had promised an austerity program to cut the government deficit -- forecast at between 6% and 8% of gross domestic product this year, far above the European-Union mandated level -- and that they would continue to liberalize Greece's heavily regulated economy."
Hey, maybe Greece will soon be ready for this idea? :-)
"Getting Greece and Iceland to be 99% self-sufficient by mass; international Now, does this make any sense if you understand the possibilities of open
manufacturing or an open society? In Greece you have a warm climate, access
to oceans, lots of sun and wind, an educated populace with a 2000+ year
history of democracy (on and off :-), no obvious external enemies declaring
war, and so on. And they are so worried about their future ability to make
and use things (which is how I translate "fears for Greece's economic
future") that they are running out of tear gas? This all makes no *physical*
sense. The place should be a paradise. Instead it is in "self-destruct mode"
according to one editor. It must be *ideology*. Or, more correctly, ideology
*embodied* in a certain type of productive infrastructure. ...
  Anyway, this suggests one target of open manufacturing could be a community
of size ranging from Iceland (about 300,000 people) to Greece (about
11,000,000 people). That's certainly an interesting size range. I would
think 99% closure of those economies by mass should be easily doable.
Computer chips, some medicines, and maybe some other specialized components
might be the major imports after the system was set up. Note that while one
may not expect Greece or Iceland to "self-replicate" any time soon, the
ability do do so ensures it can be self-repairing.
   Anyway, it kind of comes down to how much economic security is worth to a
country compared to minimum effort. Given the massive youth unemployment in
Greece, and the economic fears of depending on a global economy, it would
seem like maximizing productive efficiency through participating in global
production would not be at the top of their priority list now that they are
out of tear gas. Unfortunately, they did not invest in this research ten
years ago. So, this is only theoretical at this point. It might take a very
expensive crash program to bring together thousands of researchers for a
year to make headway in any time that might make a difference. Still,
politically, that is an out for Greece. We could all move there, recruit all
the educated youths off the streets, and spend a year figuring out how to
make Greece work for everybody and be 99% self-sufficient by mass. :-) But,
no need to move with the internet really. Maybe somebody on the list could
coordinate moving the rioters off the streets and into internet cafes and
start them programming and tagging designs with metadata? Anyway, with the
right kind of enthusiasm, I bet someone who was in Greece could turn this
whole thing around, recasting the Greek rioters as the potential people who
would save the planet by implementing open manufacturing and
cradle-to-cradle design.
Note: I don't think socialist have all the answers. As Jacque Fresco suggests, it takes scientists and engineers (not politicians) to build a physical infrastructure that works for everyone. We'll only see progress of socialists fund an alternative infrastructure (and R&D into that). But that is where I disagree with Jacque Fresco. I can hope, eventually, some politicians will do just that -- fund the future. But, until then, volunteers lay the ground work. And at some point, perhaps, that groundwork will become the politics.
Which brings me to my next point.
=== Information p2p giving
But it is hard to get information out, outside the internet. About year ago, I  bought a dozen copies of James P. Hogan's "Voyage from Yesteryear" to give away (and also a bunch of DVDs two years ago about the Albany Free School). Who do I give them to? If I leave them in a hotel room (one thought, on a recent trip) they will just get thrown away (even though each hotel room has a Gideon bible). (My wife would not let me leave one with a tip to the cleaning person. :-) If I try to hand them out on street corners, people will probably ignore them or think I am crazy. The families of relatives where kids need most to hear that message will be most angry about their kids getting it. And so on. And get someone in Congress to read that book or watch that video? Forget about it -- there are all sorts of layers to buffer or turn back any information that does not fit into a fund-raising model. You probably can't even send a package to anyone in Congress anymore anyhow for security reasons.
What we have is an information processing dysfunction in our society. It's hard to see how to fix that with money, outside the internet. It does not feel as weird to have a web site or send email as to be giving out free-to-the-user copies of James P. Hogan books. :-)
But, each little bit added stigmergically to the World Wide Web is slowly increasing the temperature of our society, until one day, as a phase change, perhaps the frozen icy wastes of government and foundation spending will turn fluid as the collective social temperature finally goes above zero degrees Celcius and money will start going to real change to bring real abundance to most real people (accepting that most new ideas are flops, so success comes from funding lots of ventures, or lots of people. :-)
So, then we will see more charitable spending on community (outside of churches with creedal tests), or we'll see more spending on more types of social media or more spending on new types of physical infrastructure.
There is only about twenty staff members for this "Sustainable and Lifecycle
Information-based Manufacturing" project at NIST? It should have twenty thousand staff members. Maybe even twenty million. :-) From:
   "17.75 Total FTEs ... The United States needs to prepare for a future where products are 100% recyclable, manufacturing itself has a zero net impact on the environment, and complete disassembly and disposal of a product at its end of life is routine"
So, basically, this is the research plan I proposed for a consortium with Greece and Iceland. :-)
If the USA hired twenty *million* staff members for that NIST program, :-) assuming about US$100K per staff, that would only cost about US$2 trillion a year for NIST -- to increase the staff levels on that project to closer to what I'd like to see. :-) About a third of that US$2 trillion a year could come from the costs saved in medical care related to pollution and cancer. Another third could come from costs saved on the US military otherwise spent for defending oil supplies and mineral supplies. Another third can come from reducing Medicare/Medicaid costs by cheaper medical device manufacturing. So, essentially, putting twenty million people to work in the USA right now on that NIST project would pay for itself. As with the free electric cars, it might even *lower* taxes. :-)
"Why luxury safer electric cars should be free-to-the-user"
Instead, we have eight million unemployed in the USA (many more underemployed), and medical costs projected to double over the next decade, and a military that continues to grow each year to "defend" the USA against all sorts of threats related to perceived resource scarcity. I presume, unlike Greece, the USA would not run out of tear gas though? :-( Or vote in socialists? :-) Still, in miniature, that NIST R&D program is what the greens/socialists really need, just scaled up a million times. :-)
(Still can't resolve why my emails to NIST get bounced by the NIST email server. I might not mind being one of those 17.75 people, if that's the best I can hope for in the USA. But maybe better to give those slots to others. :-)
Still, if one considers "aid" as new ideas or innovations, than it is true, as Ryan suggests that the USA (and capitalism) has been aiding the rest of the world. As have places like Finland with Linux, or other Europeans with the World Wide Web (WWW) idea.
   Or, even the Soviets with "phage therapy" which may yet prove decisive in dealing with the supergerms capitalism has bred in part as an external cost of overuse of antibiotics in animal feed:
      Though to be fair, many in the USA had related ideas to the WWW (even me with the Pointrel system :-); big US names are Douglas Engelbart (Augment), William C. Norris (Plato), Alan Kay (Smalltalk), Ted Nelson (Xanadu), Theodore Sturgeon ("The Skills of Xanadu" story inspiring Ted Nelson), Vannevar Bush (Memex, which inspired much of the rest).
   In every single case, fairly trivial financial issues got in the way, often related to commercialization attempts (I still grieve over what was done to Smalltalk by Parc Place Systems). The WWW came out of grant funded research (and spare time activities) is Geneva, Switzerland at CERN.
I wrote about finding funding for a Star Trek society in this linked essay (now that I know more about our society then back then. :-)
   Still, Gene Roddenberry, a US American, has inspired billions with the Star Trek society ideas. So, I'm just building on his great vision. As are many others. And the fact is, the USA has been a "shining beacon" of hope for decades if not centuries in the *past* as far as freedom. People like Thomas Jefferson or Benjamin Franklin were amazing inspirations, and still are (ignoring Jefferson had slaves and Franklin spent his later years in Europe.) But, as financial prospectuses always disclaim: "Past performance is no promise of future rewards". Thus, the issue the Counterpunch article of US America in the "past tense".
I see these "Star Trek" society ideas are building traction. The following linked post is not by me, and the "Paul" posting comments there is not me "A Utopian Star Trek Society ? Making Economics Redundant"
A comment there by that other Paul: "Also, our ram & hd space is getting bigger & bigger space in smaller smaller packages.."
Which reminds me of something I wanted to post on; I was just at a store where I saw a 4GB USB flash drive for only US$10, *and* it came with a free copy of an encyclopedia on it. :-) I saw it in red, but here it is in blue:
"Dane-Elec 4GB Britannica Family Encyclopedia USB - Blue ... $9.99
Encyclopedia Britannica Family Encyclopedia USB is the perfect reference tool for the entire family. From arts and literature to sports, geography and politics, the Family Encyclopedia covers the most fascinating topics. Features 25,000 articles, Merriam-Webster?s Collegiate Dictionary and Merriam-Webster?s Spanish-English Translation Dictionary. Britannica Family Encyclopedia and a serial number come preloaded on USB drive."
Now, I prefer Wikipedia. :-)
But the point is, computer technology and basic information continues to reduce in cost to the point where it is becoming effectively free. My wife and I spent about US$1000 for a 1GB hard drive about fifteen years ago or so. I spent about the same for 80MB drive ten years before that. And I paid about US$1300 for a Commodore dual floppy drive system of about 300K bytes each about ten years before that. (All figures are in the dollars of the time, so adjusted for inflation, they would be double or triple now.) And back then, you had to pay money for a paper encyclopedia or a paper dictionary (although WordNet was around even then, but people did not know of it, and slower networks made it hard to get). And when you had your paper encyclopedia, you could not easily change it or share it or comment on it, both for licensing reasons and for practical reasons. Some people did comment and revise encyclopedia entries, but they were professionals in offices with secretaries and expensive equipment at universities and so on

@_date: 2009-10-05 14:58:31
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p giving 
To be fair, on reflection, many organizations have implicit creedal tests, maybe even p2p mailing lists. :-)
Related to giving:
"Giving makes us happy: The longest-running study of our time shows that helping others leads to a beautiful life."
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-05 18:39:18
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wealth of Nations : Tracking the $19 Trillion 
"It took $19 trillion in public funds to save the financial system. That came out of your pocket. But here's who doled out the money, and exactly where it went. ..."
Linked from here:
The headlines misleading in the sense that a bunch of that money is essentially loan guarantees, not actually money shelled out, plus what is actually shelled out may be repaid (sometimes even with interest). But, it still goes to show the USA can put lots of money on the line when it cares about something. That would be like spending about US$2.6 billion every day for twenty years, except that at 5% interest, by the time you got done spending the money the first year, you'd have that much again in interest, so you'd be forced to give that much away forever. :-) Or, by my previous calculations, that is about what it would cost with 5% interest on capital to have a real Santa Claus giving everyone in the world maybe (in this case) US$200 worth of presents every year. :-)
Or, alternatively, that is about US$2714 per person on the planet.
Or about US$63000 per US American.
Just out of the blue. Suddenly the government allocates US$63000 per citizen, and mostly gives it away directly or as loan guarantees with hardly any oversight. Otherwise the banking system would "collapse" and that would be a catastrophe -- like we would even need a commercial banking system if every US citizen has US$63K to put into their local credit unions and then direct to purchases or investments.
Meanwhile, universal health coverage and moving to renewables is "too       Essentially, that bailout total is about 50 times what that solar plan linked above suggests it would take to move the USA to all renewables.
And of course, as reported before on this list, we all know p2p (like Wikipedia and email) should be *illegal* as a security risk. :-(
"Congress: P2P networks harm national security"
So, devoting nineteen trillion to some bankers and financiers -- that's *good* for the USA and democracy.
Giving everyone access to health care, renewable energy, and communications is *bad* for the USA and democracy.
And people with guns show up at rallies to prove that, as Michel just pointed out linking to this article:
   "Politics in the Past Tense: Can America be Salvaged?"
   or as is pointed out here and elsewhere (previously mentioned):
   "You didn't get mad..."
 Money is not the problem. There's lots of money to do whatever Congress wants to do, apparently.
Oh, by the way, yes, I know, US$19 trillion is hard to believe. Apparently, it's obviously too *low*. :-)
   "U.S. Rescue May Reach $23.7 Trillion, Barofsky Says "
   "July 20 (Bloomberg) -- U.S. taxpayers may be on the hook for as much as $23.7 trillion to bolster the economy and bail out financial companies, said Neil Barofsky, special inspector general for the Treasury?s Troubled Asset Relief Program. "
What I think we are really seeing here is the failure of money as a control system. Apparently, the disconnect between the real physical economy and the play money investment economy has grow so large that the entire system can no longer function.
Which maybe helps explain some of the anger in posts like this: :-)
   "[ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda please (was: Re: Explanation of interest)"
   Not to take sides. :-) Some good points were made in rebuttal here:
   Personally, I'm getting more enamored of some sort of multi-material-and-service Kanban-token-like rationing system, myself. :-) Just not sure what it would look like, or if the end user would ever see it very much in practice. Maybe it would just show up as something you notice when a kid asked for 1000 full sized copies of the Eiffel tower to be delivered and set up and the productive system (via a web site?) said the child would exceed their ration of steel for the year, or would exceed their allotted land footprint for placing them, or would exceed a reasonable expectation of robot labor available for structural assembly in one monty, or something like that, and prompted the child to negotiate with other kids (or their family) to join their rations together if they really wanted to have 1000 such towers, or something like that. :-) And then most any healthy normal kid would scale the demand back to ten or so Eiffel towers. :-) And their parents would be annoyed, and spend some rations to have robots tear them all down and recycle them a week later, incidentally regaining some ration points for the child's steel quota. :-) But, otherwise, you might never see the rationing going on behind the scenes for day-to-day basic stuff like a normal amount of food, an electric car, a 3000 square foot home, just one yacht or RV, or something like that. :-) So, something like Marshall Brain's Manna system, but with a bit more complexity in what items cost, where in practice, for most things, you'd never think about the cost, and if you did, the cost limit would be tied to some specific ration of some type of metal, energy, labor, wear, land, or something else very specific, with maybe some way to pool or trade those specific things for special projects.
Anyway, in general, all these calculations (even a "gift economy") discount the notion of people doing stuff just for fun. :-)
So, getting back to the main point, the economic system based around money is being discredited, and new ideas that have long been simmering will someday perhaps emerge more into practice.
Maybe would be nice to have a virtual world to practice these alternatives in?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-05 19:23:03
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama open to newspaper bailout bill - The Hill's 
The president said he is "happy to look at" bills before Congress that would give struggling news organizations tax breaks if they were to restructure as nonprofit businesses. ...
   Obama said that good journalism is "critical to the health of our democracy," but expressed concern toward growing tends in reporting -- especially on political blogs, from which a groundswell of support for his campaign emerged during the presidential election.
   "I am concerned that if the direction of the news is all blogosphere, all opinions, with no serious fact-checking, no serious attempts to put stories in context, that what you will end up getting is people shouting at each other across the void but not a lot of mutual understanding," he said.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-05 23:53:38
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?iso-8859-1?q?U=2ES=2E_Suffering_Permanent_Destru?= 
My second blog post to my new blog, much shorter this time: :-)
"U.S. Suffering Permanent Destruction of Jobs"
"... Those are some of the things we can do with the mad that we feel."
I put in a P2P foundation link in there somewhere, but you'd have to hunt for it. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-06 10:17:19
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 100 dollar ink-jet printer modded (synergism) 
People have been modding 2D printers (and the cartriges) for some time to do various bio things.
   "'Organ Printing' Could Drastically Change Medicine"
   ""What we do is we modify -- it's a regular ink-jet printer -- but we do not use the paper-feed mechanism, so basically we just have a cartridge moving back and forth and where the paper goes we put a petri dish," explained Thomas Boland, an associate professor at Clemson University."
But this idea is especially cool if you generalize it. Speculating, imagine you could create a multi-step material production pathway by altering a gradient of bacteria somehow across a surface. So, you might put in a solution of something at one end (maybe even a few solutions at different points) and the bacteria might modify it all one step at a time and pass it across the surface?
Anyway, the general issue here is "convergence".
  "Intersections may happen sooner: power chips, DNA computers, bio chips. "
We are seeing the intersections of different advanced technology ideas, where the ideas synergetically (Bucky Fuller) enhance each other.
  Regular biological evolution can happen that way too, when an adaptation for one thing (feathers for thermal control?) might suddenly be used for another   purpose (feathers for gliding).
   A similar thing may be happening genetically. Huge chucks of our DNA may be "silent" and mutate in various ways with no detriment, and then may be turned on and all of a sudden there may be some big change (usually death in the case of biological organisms, but sometimes rarely it might be something that helps with survival). Also, especially with bacteria, organisms may be exchanging genes in various ways to gain new functions.
For another example, (mentioned on the OM list recently) consider how the internet is suddenly changing the economics of universities:
"College for $99 a Month: The next generation of online education could be great for students?and catastrophic for universities."
 So, there are all sorts of things happening. And our competitive income-via-jobs-based economic system needs to be restructured before this is a disaster for us all, IMHO.
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-06 11:55:48
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Inflamed passions -- Why do vaccines trigger 
These Google reader posts are hard to read in plain text. I had to hunt through the source to find this link:
   "Why do vaccines arouse such passions? "
    From there: "But it is estimated that within the 53 countries of the WHO European region, more than 500,000 do not receive full immunisation and 32,000 die each year from vaccine preventable diseases."
Well, that about says it, doesn't it? Assuming that is accurate, and simplifying a bit (what does not get full vaccination mean?), and putting those numbers together in a simple way (demographics may add complexity), the lifetime risk of dying of a disease that a vaccine could help prevent is at most about 3% (assuming it works at all, and allowing there may be a higher permanent injury rate, of course). But, to eliminate that 3% of risk of dying, you need to "trust" a doctor to take your perfectly healthy child and inject potentially harmful stuff into him or her, and not just once, but now, approaching 200 times (if you get recommended annual flu shots for your life, and get all the boosters).
Meanwhile, lifetime heart disease and stroke, which can be greatly influenced by early healthy diet and early healthy habits, is given little attention for young children in the USA. TV is an enourmous killer as far as contributing to obesity by sedentary behavior and advertising junk food, but how many doctors waiting rooms have a TV in them now? The APA recommends no TV to age two, yet, so what does this mean about "well baby visits" in such an environment?
Can't we invent a better way to deal with managing the ecology of microbes and viruses as it interacts with human health? Can't we come up with an approach to holistic societal health that is not so based in creating situations where there is profit through deceit or looking the other way or focusing on one aspect of health while ignoring all others?
   Granted, vaccine defenders would say the only reason the risk was so low was due to vaccines and "herd immunity". But that also is confounded with better sanitation and better nutrition and better quarantine procedures, so it's not clear what improvements to attribute to what causes. Likewise, it's not clear how much compulsory schooling actually spreads disease and why that is still a good idea. Similarly, the drop in breastfeeding due to more parents working is not good for children's immune systems, but formula is not "prescription only" even though it should be, from a public health standpoint.
Every family who chooses not to nurse their child according to WHO standards (at least two years) is putting the entire population at risk of disease, but, why is that not discussed in such moralistic tones? From WHO:
   "Exclusive breastfeeding is recommended up to 6 months of age, with continued breastfeeding along with appropriate complementary foods up to two years of age or beyond."
Hint: it interferes with businesses getting cheap labor to have mothers near their young children for many years.
   "Cheap Labor Conservatives Issues Guide"
   How much lower would those rates of disease in the USA be if we disbanded compulsory schooling, eliminated compulsory work for nursing mothers, and improved our physical infrastructure in other ways? Might, as a society, we even save money and have lower taxes by doing these social investments?
But, that entire vaccine discussion gets shifted to some sort of one-sided moral high ground touted by those who make their money off of vaccines (either selling them, or having vaccinations drive their practices with "well baby" visits, where children may be exposed to other diseases in a doctor's office).
The bigger health picture gets lost very quickly, both as regards to conflicts-of-interest and also as to societal investment strategies (and what they assume). Essentially, vaccines are like nuclear power. There are all these promises about how wonderful it would be, but in practice, there is an ugly side with high risks passed on to society.
"The Act establishes a no fault insurance-type system in which the first $10 billion is industry-funded as described in the Act (any claims above the $10 billion would be covered by the federal government)."
How much compensation would be required if a US state was rendered uninhabitable? How much compensation would the vaccine industry have to pay if the current batch of swine flu vaccine caused cancer in two years? In both cases, profits are privatized while the risks are socialized.
We need to distinguish between trusting the scientific method of collecting experimental data over time by unbiased observers and trusting specific academic scientists who know where their paychecks are coming from.
Take "gardasil" mentioned in the article you cited and how it was tested:
      JayaJan Pharmaceutical Research in India was one of the companies with which Merck had a contract to test Gardasil. Like most of the industry, Merck increasingly outsources its clinical trials to Contract Research Organizations (CROs) in areas of the world where trial subjects are plentiful, operating costs are low, and regulations lax.
  Some $285 million worth of clinical trials are outsourced to CROs in India, according to biopeer.com.  These CROs are a booming $15 billion industry whose revenues are rising at 15 percent a year.
   "CROs are known for their speed and efficiency; they can complete a clinical trial in two-thirds the time a drug company can, shaving months off the process and offering $120 million to $150 million in increased revenue per drug." Sam Bidwell an executive with Quintiles a U.S.-based CRO told Nature. "Of the top 30 best-selling drugs, we've touched every one."
   Critics point out that CROs can come with built-in problems. Conflicts of interest can arise when CROs are paid royalties only after a drug is approved rather than being paid a set fee that is independent of how safe or effective the drug turns out to be. Problems can also arise because CROs know that favorable findings mean that research into a test drug will continue, and they may also believe that results that please the hiring corporation can lead to future contracts. "[C]ompanies know that the farther the compound moves through the research cycle, the more money they can raise," Nature reported.
    Merck spokesperson Amy Rose refused say how many trials Merck contracted to CROs or what percentage of the Gardasil subjects these contractors recruited in the Third World. She also refused to specify how, or even if, the company oversees CROs.
   Many consumers assume that the FDA carefully monitors CROs. But the agency hobbled by under-funding, politicization, and dependence on industry fees has few resources to assess foreign trials and relies on drug companies.
Why is stuff like that not reported in the mainstream?
That article also says:
   By promoting vaccination as a public health imperative mandated by government, rather than as a private choice, Merck has opened the door to the inherently uncomfortable discussion of whether mandatory vaccination is cost effective. Since Gardasil protects against the two strains of HPV that cause 70 percent of cancers, women will still need  but may be less likely to get  Pap smear tests to catch the signs of cancers caused by the other 30 percent of dangerous strains.
   "Nationwide, the cost of vaccinating American girls with Gardasil will amount to some $800 million a year," New Scientist reported in an analysis that, while overly simplistic, raises fundamental questions about public health priorities and drug company influence over them.
   New Scientist estimates that Gardasil will save "around 1,200 lives". This is an unequivocally desirable outcome, but at $800 million per year, the cost of saving each life will be over $650,000. If the goal is to save lives, there are more cost-effective ways of doing so." They include spreading public health measures including low-cost, readily available Pap testing to the non-white, poorer populations that now die in disproportionate numbers of cervical cancer.
   The public health equation adds up differently in the developing world, which accounts for 80 percent of the world's 275,000 cervical cancer deaths, with 30 percent in India alone. Because very few of these women have access to Pap tests, or indeed any regular health care, vaccination has proportionately greater benefits - if the program is publicly funded and the protection proves lasting.
That issue has gotten a bit more discussion in the mainstream press on Gardasil.
Anyway, in this case, why not emphasize better ways to treat cancer, like breakthrough therapies? Or why not focus on faster ways to detect cancer? As a society, we make choices as to where to focus our time and resources. US$800 million a year could fund, at US$20K each in India, about 40,000 medical researchers every year. Which will ultimately give women in the USA better health? Hiring forty thousand Indian scientists researching cancer detection and treatment every year for twenty years, or giving every teesage girl a couple of shots that may (or may not) prevent some cancers twenty years from now?
   The financial costs of cancer are great both for the individual and for society as a whole. In the year 2002, the National Institutes of Health estimated overall annual costs for cancer as follows: Total Cost: $171.6 billion Direct Medical Costs: $ 60.9 billion (total of all health expenditures) Indirect Morbidity Costs: $ 15.5 billion (cost of lost productivity due to illness) Indirect Mortality Costs: $ 95.2 billion (cost of lost productivity due to premature death) Over one-half of the direct medical costs associated with cancer are for treatment of breast ($6 billion), lung ($5 billion), and prostate ($5 billion) cancers. These estimates are annual aggregate expenditures expressed in 1990 dollars. The cost of cancer screenings, including mammograms, Pap smears, and colorectal exams, adds another $3 to $4 billion to overall cancer costs.
   In 2002, the federal government spent approximately 4.9 billion dollars on cancer research. This may or may not sound like a lot, until you compare it with the 60 billion being spent on merely treating the symptoms of cancer. ASCEND believes wholeheartedly that we can never expect a different result if we continue to do the same things that have not worked successfully enough over the past 30 years. We contend that the following things must occur if we are to truly end cancer in our lifetimes:
   In conjunction with the increase in government spending, we believe that researchers must be held to a higher standard for producing meaningful results. We do not consider more drugs that poison patients? bodies and do not result in a substantial increase in life expectancy or cure to be meaningful results. The only ones winning the game the way it is currently being played is the drug companies whose CEOs will all tell you that their number one priority is to make profits for the shareholders. We need a much greater sense of urgency on the research side.
   While the proposed budget for cancer research is 5.5 billion in 2003, our government must get much more seriously aggressive if we are serious about ending cancer and not just managing the status quo. We proposing a doubling of that budget immediately with a commitment to double it every 2 years until it either matches the money spent on treatment or the cancer incidence rates are cut in half.
   Creation and strict enforcement of laws that require specific labeling of products containing chemicals cancer. Let the consumers be informed!
   Legislation that commits our government to eliminating all known carcinogens from our food and water
Because of the wage differential in India, spending that money abroad with Indian researchers would effectively more than double the amount of research being done on cancer. Just from eliminating one vaccine. Now, if people really care about women's health (and the health of everyone) and one talks about statistics, which is a better use of that money?
Likewise, if one really cares about cancer, then why does this NIST program have only about 20 staff members, not 20 thousand or even twenty million staff members, given a lot of cancer is caused by industrial pollution?
   "The United States needs to prepare for a future where products are 100% recyclable, manufacturing itself has a zero net impact on the environment, and complete disassembly and disposal of a product at its end of life is Our society has serious structural problems in its priorities.
But rather than address them, the mainstream media focuses on vilifying those looking at alternatives or those who choose to distrust a status quo that is making such terrible decisions.
I've seen all sorts of estimates of the banking bailout, but how much research on cancer could several trillion US dollars buy?
   "Adding Up the Government?s Total Bailout Tab"
But instead, people are asked to "trust" the same sort of organizational paradigms that did that to inject healthy children with stuff at birth and "Hepatitis B Vaccine Continues to Kill Infants "
The 2002 immunization schedule encourages the routine use of hepatitis B vaccine for all infants before hospital discharge. These recommendations are    The central nervous system of a newborn infant is particularly susceptible to toxic influences. This is one of the reasons why the hepatitis B vaccine is such a problem. If it were given later in life, as is done in many other countries, it would not be as much of a problem. ...
   Hepatitis B is a rare, mainly blood-transmitted disease. In 1996, only 54 cases of the disease were reported to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in the 0 to 1 age group. There were 3.9 million births that year, so the observed incidence of hepatitis B in the 0 to 1 age group was just 0.001 percent.
   In the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) there were 1,080 total reports of adverse reactions from hepatitis B vaccine in 1996 in the 0 to 1 age group, with 47 deaths reported.
   Think of that in terms of probability: the possibility of contracting the disease is exceedingly difficult for children and only 1.25 percent of those who are exposed will actually develop the most serious complication!
   This type of "protecting the needle in the haystack" medicine is absurd at best, dangerous at worst. ...
   So what can you do? Please tell every pregnant woman you know about this issue. They need to know the facts BEFORE they are in the hospital so they have time to make an informed decision. If they are still convinced their child needs hepatitis B vaccine, beg them to make sure their child does not receive the vaccine as a newborn. Delay the vaccine until the child is really at a possible risk for the disease, like late adolescence.
So, I guess there are two levels of debate as far as passions. One is the science and risk assessment, brought down to a time when new parents are especially time constrained and emotionally vulnerable. The other is about the trust demanded in organizations that have proven they are often driven by profits and greed (at least, in the USA) and who privatize profits and socialize risks.
So, between those two levels, there is a lot of room for passionate debate. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-06 23:24:23
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Inflamed passions -- Why do vaccines trigger 
You summarize a vast number of issues with a simplistic argument.
It is the accepted norm in several societies to engage in what we in the West call "female genital mutilation" with the supposed intent of making women less promiscuous (among other reasons). In theory, this would protect women against AIDS, if it worked to destroy their libido. From:
   "FGM is recognized internationally as a violation of the human rights of girls and women. It reflects deep-rooted inequality between the sexes, and constitutes an extreme form of discrimination against women. It is nearly always carried out on minors and is a violation of the rights of children. The practice also violates a person's rights to health, security and physical integrity, the right to be free from torture and cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment, and the right to life when the procedure results in death."
By the reasoning you outline, in those societies where FGM is the social norm, the parents who do not mutilate their female children, and so are going against social norms, should be punished, right? Especially if their daughter later gets AIDS?
One can point to many cases where vaccines have caused harm. Maybe only a small percent, but certainly there are cases. Sometimes death. Sometimes lifelong disabilities.
Even the CDC admits to huge problems in the past with contamination (though they disclaim it causing problems):
   "SV40 is a virus found in some species of monkey. Soon after its discovery in 1960, SV40 was found in polio vaccine. Over 98 million Americans received one or more doses of polio vaccine during the period (1955-1963) when some of the vaccine was contaminated with SV40. SV40 has been found in certain types of human cancers, but it has not been determined that SV40 causes these cancers. The majority of evidence suggests there is no causal relationship between receipt of SV40-contaminated vaccine and cancer; however, some research results are conflicting and more studies are needed."
How lucky do you feel with a vaccine like for Swine Flu that has been rushed out the door? How long have we really understood, say, prions?
   An injection bypasses all the bodies normal defenses, to lodge material perhaps permanently in your body. You essentially can't take it back out after the fact.
So, this is not such a clear case as you try to paint. Is injecting a perfectly healthy infant at birth with, say, Hep B vaccine, which apparently has killed infants, and which seems to have little scientific justification statistically for babies of non-HepB-positive mothers, not a violation of physical integrity of the infant? Do you suggest it should be done just because people in white coats say it is a good idea? Where does that lead us? See:
   Do you actually know anything about vaccines? Have you studied them? Do you know anything about ecology and evolution? Have you looked into the rationale for Hep B at birth to see if it is flawed? Have you thought through how many decisions parents need to make about their children, each one potentially life-and-death, like allowing them to climb trees or ride a bicycle? Maybe you have? But, if you have not, you're ready to lock up parents over things you've never looked at in depth. Why?
Here is one book that is somewhat balanced:
"Vaccinations: A Thoughtful Parent's Guide: How to Make Safe, Sensible Decisions about the Risks, Benefits, and Alternatives"
Or a more mainstream one:
"The Vaccine Book: Making the Right Decision for Your Child" by Robert Sears
"This is just a synopsis of 2 chapters, there are 17 others, most of them with loads of good information. There are several vaccines that he does not think are necessary and he provides detailed insight into why. I do recommend you read this book, but don't just blindly follow his advice. Look at the facts yourself before you decide if the risk is worth it. "
A link from there in the comments to this, and one of the comments on it:
"Vaccines: What CDC Documents and Science Reveal"
I want to qualify my comments by stating that I have a degree in Microbiology and I did vaccine research as an undergraduate student. That said, I believed, as did Dr. Tenpenny, the common "truths" about vaccine efficacy. There are 3 points that shake the pillars of common beliefs about vaccines: (1) many of the diseases that vaccines were produced to eliminate were already dying out before the vaccine was widely used; therefore, the diseases were eradicated by something other than the vaccines. That something was quarantine. (2) The emergence of diseases among a vaccinated population; the very thing the vaccine is designed to prevent. (3) Virus reproduction occur only inside of cells. In order for an antibody to destroy or prevent a virus from reproducing, it must be able to "get" inside a cell. The method used to introduce the infectious agent, known as an antigen, into a living body is not the way the natural infection enters a body. The nature of the antibody response is dependent upon the portal of entry: the body will respond differently to an infectious agent injected into a muscle, the usual method of vaccination, than it will when it enters through the nose or bronchial tubes, the method flu and respiratory infections use.
This theoretical discussion pales next to this final point. The preservatives used by vaccine production are worse than the disease they are designed to treat. I would not allow my child to receive any vaccine that contained mercury at any level. With the media hysteria over Bird Flu and smallpox a while back, I would strongly suggest no one rely on advise from any source that stands to gain financially or politically from it's acceptance. Educate yourself on the facts. Make your decision based on science, not fear.
It's a social norm in the USA to watch a lot of TV. It's a social norm to eat a lot of junk food with empty calories and sugar. It's a social norm *not* to fast as an adult. It's a social norm to spend a lot of time indoors. It's a social norm to go to compulsory school. It's a social norm not to breastfeed infants, or just to do it for a few of months. It's a social norm to eat a lot of meat. I can point you to science that says just about everyone of those social norms is terrible for your health (physical or mental) for most people. And all of those social norms connect back to profits and industrialization.
Should we punish parents who follow APA advice on TV (none for the first two years), WHO guidelines or nursing (two years or more), current research saying vitamin-D helps prevent cancer, who feed their kids broccoli instead of McNuggets, who homeschool, and who are vegetarian when their kid gets cancer for whatever reason? That's what your analysis suggests.
Maybe you meant social norms where the scientists and most in society agree? Well, that's a better position. But still, then you have things like the fluoride controversy:
   "Fluoride: Wonder drug or super poison?"
   Or, all the people in white coats saying leaded gasoline was a good thing for *decades*:
   Is it possible vaccines are the next "leaded gas"? Claimed to be safe for decades, and then suddenly people start to accept they are not?
Anyway, why do parents who weaken their children's health by bottle feeding and then spread diseases by sending their kids to day care possibly get a free pass from you on their kids getting lots of ear infections and spreading flu germs, just because that's now the social norm (due to economics and the "two income" trap)?
     OK, let's have a level playing field, at least. :-) You want parents of kids who are not vaccinated but get a related fatal or severe disease to be locked up, fine. :-) But, then let's do the other side, too. Kids who spread germs at school should have their parents locked up. Bottle fed kids who get sick, lock up the parents. Kids who watch TV or eat junk food where almost all will be more sickly, lock up the parents. Parents whose kids get hurt falling out of a tree or on a bicycle, lock 'em up. Who's going to be left to raise kids? Who would want to be a parent?
And, why give the industries that promote junk food or TV a free pass? Even for parents who don't vaccinate kids, maybe one should lock up the sources of the infections? As in the item linked in another email of the flight attendend whose child died from the flu, should we lock up her and the CEO of her airline too? Where do you draw the line here?
Anyway, until you start lobbying to make infant formula "prescription only", I just have a tough time believing you really are looking at the big picture of children and health. Seriously, if you care about children and health, why are you dwelling on this one issue of vaccination? Is it a centralized media affect? Let's have the talk about controversy stuff like vaccines *after* every family tosses out their TV and every family nurses their kids to WHO guidelines. But, of course, those cheap things for promoting good health are impractical, right? Coincidental? Interesting, isn't it?
Why doesn't every parent get a copy of this at the birth of each child and the time and money and social support to follow it?
"Superimmunity for Kids : What to Feed Your Children to Keep Them Healthy Now, and Prevent Disease in Their Future "
This one might help, too:
"How to Raise a Healthy Child in Spite of Your Doctor" By Robert S. Mendelsohn
"Dr. Robert Mendelsohn, renowned pediatrician and author advises parents on home treatment and diagnosis of colds and flus, childhood illnesses, vision and hearing problems, allergies, and more. PLUS, a complete section on picking the right doctor for your child, step-by-step instructions for knowing when to call a doctor, and much more."
Seriously, if even doctors are writing books like that, why should one uncritically accept what some random doctor says?
The fact is, there are many tens of thousands of diseases humans can get. There are vaccinations for only a couple hundred or so (and only maybe a dozen or so given routinely). Which makes more sense -- vaccinating for a few diseases (perhaps compromising a person's immune system in various ways by injecting mercury and aluminum and lots of other stuff, like SV40 in the past), or figuring out some general way to boost a child's immune system with good nutrition and other good wellness things to handle any disease as best as possible? We many not have to choose one or the other, but clearly, the medical system emphasizes and funds one but not the other. One is profitable, the other is not.
P2P is evil, according to the US Congress:
"Congress: P2P networks harm national security"
And soon that may even be a "social norm" given all the money being spent on that issue, showing how social norms can come to reflect those with money and power, as with this example:
"RIAA's Elementary School Copyright Curriculum"
You obvious use a p2p tool -- email.
Terrorists use email too.
So, let's lock you up for doing an evil thing that terrorists do. :-)
Good thing Gitmo is still open for evil sorts of people: :-)
   Oh, wait a minute, that was promised to be closed. Oh, well it will be closed in a year. Now, well, it will take longer than a year. Well, what do promises mean by people in charge?
Wait, who promised vaccines were safe again?
If vaccines were so safe and effective, why make them mandatory? Is "herd immunity" in an age of fast p2p online social networks that can quickly quarantine even that important? Is "herd immunity" given p2p alternatives like quarantine more important than civil liberties?
If health and civil liberties are so important, why not spend more money on anti-viral R&D or immune-boosting research?
We make choices as a society. Why put so much money into what sound more and more like undemocratic approach to medical technologies (creating things everyone needs to be forced to use)? Why not put our R&D in different directions, like prevention (via nutrition and general immune boosting), diagnosis, and treatment of illness?
Why poor so much money into an industrial approach to health via assembly line vaccinations everyone needs to get in order for them to supposedly work Still, if vaccines in the USA were not so often mandatory (like for school), then vaccines could advance on their own merits. Or if profit was not involved in their production, or if they did not drive doctors visits for young children. But, because they are made for profit, and they drive business to pediatricians, and they are mandatory in many states, there are a lot of questions to ask. But you suggest asking the questions is wrong?
 > No one, not even the most
Well, everything is a balance to some degree. And, one has to start from *intent*. What is the intent of the parents? Then one has to look at whether the parent is doing, or not doing, something, and what is the reason? Application of a medical procedure which physicians will not guarantee is risk free (none will), where it may never be needed (most cases), is not the same as the case of a parent doing something obviously hurting a child, or failing to provide something that a child will obviously likely need. The harm (both medical and psychological)  to a child of a vaccination is certain (even if one can argue about the degree) whereas the benefits are uncertain (again, one can argue about the probability).
It's an interesting society you propose that, if built on our own, would give parents little help raising children (beyond taxing everyone to pay for child-prison so parents can work at jobs they often don't like) and then would hold them accountable for any problem related to any decision they make by imprisoning them (who raises the kids then?). How much time does the average parent even have to study this vaccination issue, along with many other issues?
It does take a healthy village to raise a child well. You tell me where the really healthy villages are in the USA, and I will move there. :-)
Tell me the ones where:
* every child in nursed for two+ years according to WHO guidelines;
* no child watches TV before age two (APA), and afterwards hardly ever;
* the public schools are more like public libraries (open to all on demand);
* the parents don't have to work much when kids are young;
* there is both community and wilderness in close proximity;
* there are no industrial pollutants in the vicinity;
* the kids play together supervised by parents and neighbors;
* everybody has access to cheap organic food;
* there are lots of walking trails and biking trails;
* there is not a toxic girl culture or a toxic boy culture pushed by advertisers and toy makers;
* there is quality medical care delivered to all by people without big financial conflicts of interest;
* the whole place is not at risk of nuclear war and plague every second.
Tell me where in the USA to find such a place, and I'll move my family there in a heartbeat. :-)
Maybe some places in the Netherlands do well on many of those points?
"Why are Dutch children so happy? "
Certainly the USA does badly on many counts:
"Britain, U.S. worst places for children: UNICEF report"
So, maybe we should lock up all parents in the USA for being irresponsible for living in such a country? You know, there might be something there. :-(
Seriously, by the standards you have outlined, all parents of young children in the USA are terribly irresponsible for not emigrating to the Netherlands, or at least, Canada. Actually, I might feel like agreeing with that sometimes. :-)
Anyway, it is very easy to have double standards about all these issues, to focus on some moralistic position on one point or one technology, but to lose the bigger picture, especially in the context of making decisions under As an analogy, how would you prove you were damaged by something you ate ten years ago? Seriously. How would you prove it? It's almost impossible. Try to work through that. Say, you get "Mad Cow" brain disease, and you think it might have been prions in some burger you ate ten years ago. Prove the connection. How would you hold the burger vendor accountable?
   But, now look at the previous SV40 contamination problem, as above. It's a fact admited by the CDC that things can go wrong with vaccinations in ways that effect a hundre million people. That makes vaccination a "single point of failure" in our society. That's a bad design for an intrinsically secure   "A Single Point of Failure, (SPOF), is a part of a system which, if it fails, will stop the entire system from working. They are undesirable in any system whose goal is high availability, be it a network, software application or other industrial system."
Or, consider the possible spread of AIDS in Africa from reusing needles for vaccination. What do you think of this?
"Botched vaccinations blamed for Aids in Africa: An international team of scientists says only 30 per cent of HIV cases were sexually transmitted
Sure, WHO says it is only 5% who got AIDS in Africa that way. But even that is bad, right? Maybe millions of people in Africa given AIDS? Whoops. :-( Nobody we know; good thing they are not US Americans, so we can just ignore the problem. :-(
So, these things can go wrong in a variety of ways, and then there can be controversies about how bad they went wrong a decade later. With denials probably likely all the way.
Have you ever gone to a car repair place and come out with a car with a problem it did not have going in? How often can you get the car repair place to admit liability? Sure, some will. But many won't. Why should doctors in the USA be any different, especially with so much more on the line if they did cause a problem?
You're right about seatbelts and risk. But, generalizing too far from that to medical issues leads to problems. You simply ignore the variety of issues with vaccines including all the uncertainties.
The statistics and mechanics of car crashes and seatbelts are fairly easy to understand at this point. And one can do scientific tests fairly easily on those issues. The whole thing happens at a macroscale that is easy to film and study.
      The human immune system involves things going on at a microscopic scale inside a complex body. It's not so easy to draw those conclusions. Another part of the whole problem is you can't ethically do most scientific "crash" tests on human subjects, like vaccinate half the subjects, and expose half of each group to polio, and see what happens, with various other controls and looking at a wide variety of factors over time. And, the immune system is a very complex, poorly understood thing, with ties to the mind, another complexity. Also, diseases evolve. All of these issues make the decision making much more complex then you outline.
Also, you can make a decision differently each day about a seatbelt, or you can buy a better car over time. Once you get a vaccine injected, you are probably stuck with any adverse consequences for life. Note also, for some things like Gardasil, you are putting your child at risk now by an injection for something that they likely would not have for twenty years (cancer) and may be curable directly by then. That's like saying that wearing a seatbelt today might protect you from a car crash in twenty years. It's a much harder logical proposition to follow, given cars may be better in twenty years.
But, despite the obvious differences between seat belts and vaccines, you're ready to lock people up when they don't agree with some people in white coats getting the big bucks for talking about tiny invisible-to-the-naked-eye things? Why the readiness to use state violence to enforce health policies built on debatable science about half-understood I'm not saying all scientists are wrong about all things.
But are you saying all scientists are right about all things?
It in the nature of science to be iterative.
But these issues go way back with vaccination. From:
"The History Of Vaccines And Immunization: Familiar Patterns, New Challenges" (mainly pro-vaccination)
  Until quite recently, historical studies frequently depicted all antivaccinationists as irrational and antiscientific. This characterization was misguided. If we interpret antivaccinationists on their own terms and by applying historical context, we can see that many behaved as rational actors who were weighing the pros and cons of inoculation. While nineteenth-century fears of vaccination might have been based on anecdotal horror stories of other infections, the statistical risks of vaccine-induced infection from that era would not be medically acceptable today.
   ... Although antivaccinationists are still often portrayed as an annoying thorn in the side of medical progress, their concerns for safety and willingness to perform the duty of civic oversight has had some positive effects, especially in terms of popular health education.
   As this paper has shown, there are important continuities in the history of vaccines and immunization. There have been shifts as well; unfortunately, one of the most pronounced has been the divestment of public agencies in vaccine research and production. If we could match the enormous scientific strides of the twentieth century with the political and economic investments of the nineteenth century, the world?s citizens might be much healthier.
That last point also relates to the controversy -- private companies involved deeply in public health.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-07 08:45:17
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama open to newspaper bailout bill - 
That's an excellent insight into the value of p2p news production. Thanks.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-07 21:34:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Inflamed passions -- Why do vaccines trigger 
Good points. Again I agree with you about the legitimacy issue.
Still, I see you are sidestepping the issues of cost/effectiveness (thanks Ed), creation of alternatives, and obvious cases where vaccination has harmed millions of people in Africa by giving them AIDS. See, what kind of an argument is it for something like vaccination when every time it goes wrong it us just either ignored or just gets explained away as an anomaly?
Or, for that matter, consider what happened to US soldiers being vaccinated:
   "Even after the war, troops that had never been deployed overseas, after receiving the anthrax vaccine, developed symptoms similar to those of Persian Gulf War Syndrome. The Pentagon failed to report to Congress 20,000 cases where soldiers were hospitalized after receiving the vaccine between 1998 and 2000. Despite repeated assurances that the vaccine was safe and necessary, a U.S. Federal Judge ruled that there was good cause to believe it was harmful, and he ordered the Pentagon to stop administering it in October 2004. The ban was lifted in February 2008 after the FDA re-examined and approved the drug again. Anthrax vaccine is the only substance suspected in Persian Gulf War syndrome to which forced exposure has since been banned to protect troops from it."
Here are many comments of differing views on this one web page bashing those who do not believe 100% in all vaccines (if you read *all* of them, many start half way down as the resistance picks up speed) -- great example of peers talking past each other (though it may take about two hours to read):
"More parents forgoing vaccinations"
And various links from the comments or from the articles:
"In defense of parents with informed vaccine skepticism"
"THE AUTOIMMUNE EPIDEMIC: Diseases Like Mine Are a Growing Hazard"
Contrast that one above with the next (also from WHO, quoting the US CDC) which essentially ignores the potential for vaccines creating autoimmune "Vaccine Misconception  Vaccines cause many harmful side effects, illnesses, and even death":
Others, autism related (pro and con):
"Autism and the Amish"
"The Age of Autism: 'A pretty big secret'"
"Autism rates drop as mercury removed from vaccines"
These next ones are suggested indirectly by comments in that very first link:
"Philip Morris CEO Tells Pregnant Moms Smoking is Safe in 1971"
"A news clip from 1971 where then Philip Morris CEO Joseph Cullman vows to take any ingredients found to be dangerous out of cigarettes. He also assures pregnant moms that smoking is safe and that cigarettes can actually be good for moms as "some women prefer smaller babies.""
""The doctors' choice is America's choice": the physician in US cigarette advertisements, 1930-1953."
"In the 1930s and 1940s, smoking became the norm for both men and women in the United States, and a majority of physicians smoked. At the same time, there was rising public anxiety about the health risks of cigarette smoking. One strategic response of tobacco companies was to devise advertising referring directly to physicians. As ad campaigns featuring physicians developed through the early 1950s, tobacco executives used the doctor image to assure the consumer that their respective brands were safe. These advertisements also suggested that the individual physicians' clinical judgment should continue to be the arbiter of the harms of cigarette smoking even as systematic health evidence accumulated. However, by 1954, industry strategists deemed physician images in advertisements no longer credible in the face of growing public concern about the health evidence implicating Looking at bottle feeding vs. breastfeeding is relevant because most of the people who vaccinate do not nurse for two years according to WHO guidelines and so put everyone at risk of disease as well as social violence as their child may grow up with developmental issues related to poor nutrition. So, at length:
   ... In the late 1920s, Alfred Bosworth released Similac (for "similar to lactation"), and Mead Johnson released Sobee.[6] Several other formulas were released over the next few decades, but commercial formulas did not begin to seriously compete with evaporated milk formulas until the 1950s. The reformulation and concentration of Similac in 1951, and the introduction (by Mead Johnson) of Enfamil in 1959 were accompanied by marketing campaigns that provided inexpensive formula to hospitals and pediatricians.[6] By the early 1960s, commercial formulas were more commonly used than evaporated milk formulas, which all but vanished in the 1970s. By the early 1970s, over 75% of babies in the United States were fed on formulas, almost entirely commercially produced.[1] ... Infant formula is nutritionally inferior to breast milk, and superior to other substitutes such as animal milk. ...
  Most of the world's supply of infant formula is produced in the United States. ...
   The use and marketing of infant formula has come under scrutiny; as discussed at breastfeeding, breast milk is considered the "ideal food" for babies, and the "ideal addition" to other foods, and exclusive breast feeding for the first 6 months of a baby's life is advocated by health authorities and accordingly by infant formula manufactures. ...
   Use of infant formula is cited in numerous health risks. Studies have found infants in developed countries who consume formula are at increased risk for acute otitis media, non-specific gastroenteritis, severe lower respiratory tract infections, atopic dermatitis, asthma, obesity, type 1 and 2 diabetes, sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS), eczema, necrotizing enterocolitis and autism when compared to infants who are breastfed. Although some early studies have found an association between infant formula and lower cognitive development, other studies have found no correlation. However recently more questions have arisen. It has been discovered that iron supplementation in baby formula is linked to lowered I.Q. and other neurodevelopmental delays. ...
   In the United States, infant formula is heavily subsidized by the government: at least one third of the US market is supported by the government,[64] with over half of infant formula in the US provided through WIC[61] ? WIC is the US food aid program, not a medical program, which is Medicaid. Breastfeeding rates are substantially lower for WIC recipients;[65] this is partly attributed to formula being free of charge to WIC mothers, and partly to WIC recipients being poor and uneducated, hence less likely to breastfeed. ...
   Practices that are banned in the code include most advertising, claiming health benefits for formula, and giving free samples to women able to breastfeed ? this latter practice is particularly criticized because it can interfere with lactation, creating dependence on formula.
   Free samples of infant formula have been provided to hospitals since the 1930s, which practice has been criticized continuously since then; further, infant formula is the only product routinely provided free of charge to hospitals. ...
Doctors in the 1950s used to recommend infant formula as superior to breastfeeding. Why is that? Should women who resisted have been locked up?
Why are you not holding most families to account for not nursing their children to two years, or employers and government for not making that the encouraged norm? Why are you so ready to advocate state violence against families that question vaccination in any way (when, if you looked, you'd see the science about vaccine safety is much weaker than you might expect; most of the evidence for safety is essentially the *lack* of studies on long range health effects)? But, then why are you not advocating state violence against the formula industry or families who use formula? Could it be that your opinions are being shaped by money (even indirectly, by control of the mainstream media)? Seriously, maybe you think this is such a big issue because people have spent many millions of dollars to shape your opinions about it? As well as doctors' opinions about it?
Here are the facts:
* Doctors said smoking in safe for decades.
* Scientists said leaded gas is safe for decades.
* Doctors said infant formula is best for decades.
* CEOs said smoking is good for you for decades and that they had the science to prove it (or at least, there was no science to disprove it).
One thing the Nazis got right, apparently:
"Why Did Western Drs. Promote Tobacco While the Nazis Fought Cancer?"
Last May saw the release of Proctor?s latest book, Agnotology: The Making & Unmaking of Ignorance, coedited with Londa Schiebinger. DISCOVER caught up with him at his Stanford office.
   Just what is agnotology?
   It?s the study of the politics of ignorance. I?m looking at how ignorance is actively created through things like military secrecy in science or through deliberate policies like the tobacco industry?s effort to manufacture doubt through their ?doubt is our product? strategy [spelled out in a 1969 tobacco company memo].
   So it?s not that science inherently always grows. It can actually be destroyed in certain ways, or ignorance can actually be created. ...
   Bad ideologies can produce good science, and good ideologies can produce bad science. In my book The Nazi War on Cancer, I showed that a horrific ideology can produce world-class science, and in my human origins work I showed that liberal antiracism can produce bad science. ...
What I am saying is that you are ignoring how corporate profits is shaping science, in this case, a vaccination industry that may be, overall, not the best use of our societies resources. And the resistance to acknowledging that means that even if safer vaccines were possible, we will never get them anytime soon because people will deny the current risks. I mean, why stick aluminum in vaccines?
"Mercury In Vaccines Was Replaced With Something Even MORE Toxic "
 From another direction, US doctors have performed male genital mutilation of infants routinely for decades.
      Fox and Thomson (2005) state that in the absence of "unequivocal evidence of medical benefit", it is "ethically inappropriate to subject a child to the acknowledged risks of infant male circumcision." Thus, they believe, "the emerging consensus, whereby parental choice holds sway, appears ethically By the way, just so someone does not start playing the antisemitism card:
   "We are a group of educated and enlightened Jews who realize that the barbaric, primitive, torturous, and mutilating practice of circumcision has no place in modern Judaism. "
So, maybe there is something to your mandating state violence towards parents after all? :-) As well as the doctors who perform that? :-)
Or still, maybe not? How far are you willing to go on that?
But, interesting, look at the social norm on circumcision in the USA, pushed up from 30% in the 1930s to almost 80% in the 1970s:
   Like Cesarean sections, circumcisions are a profitable thing for hospitals to do. It may not be a "conspiracy"; let's call it more "drift" like Manuel de Landa talks about:
   "After all, meshworks grow by drift and they may drift to places where we do not want to go. The goal-directedness of hierarchies is the kind of property that we may desire to keep at least for certain institutions."
Those who advocate male circumcision for medical reasons now defend it on grounds similar to the logic of removing a woman's breasts as a child as a precaution to prevent any possible later breast cancer as an adult. Example:
"Should Infant Male Circumcision be Mandatory?"
"The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is reportedly considering mandatory circumcision for all male infants born in the United States, as some studies show that uncircumcised males have a much higher rate of HIV infection than those who are circumcised. Advocates of mandatory circumcision believe this step will significantly reduce the incidence of HIV and subsequently, AIDS."
If the CDC is talking about it, must be the right thing to do, right? :-(
If you are going down that route, why stop at just circumcision? Why not just go all the way it the cutting, as it would cut down on lots of sexually transmitted diseases? :-) Would you be happy if your parents had chosen that route to "protect" you from cancer and STDs? Why stop there? Why not burn out the related part of the brain too, while we're at it? Then you'll be much safer for lots of reasons.
Anyway, again, by the standards you outlined, pregnant women who did *not* smoke in the 1930s through 1950s should be locked up because their larger babies were more at risk of delivery complications; all women who actually nursed their children during the last century should also locked up as going against social norms of bottlefeeding as being "better"; and parents who do not mutilate their infant son's genitals should be locked up as creating a health hazard. Who profits from those social norms? Who spend vast sums of money *creating* those social norms?
Who actually benefits from a dumbed down or damaged workforce?
   "Dumbing us down: the hidden curriculum of compulsory schooling" By John Taylor Gatto
   But, beyond that, what sort of industrial ideology makes all seem a good idea? It all shows a vast distrust of nature. Why mess with stuff we don't full understand? The appendix used to be called useless too:
   "While everyone agrees that the appendix can be removed without causing any adverse health consequences to the patient, some physicians and researchers believe that the appendix does serve a function as part of the immune system."
Tonsils used to be considered useless too:
   "Like other organs of the lymphatic system, the tonsils act as part of the immune system to help protect against infection. In particular, they are believed to be involved in helping fight off pharyngeal and upper respiratory tract infections."
"The effectiveness of the tonsillectomy has been questioned in a 2009 systematic review of 7765 papers, published in the journal Otolaryngology?Head and Neck Surgery. The review found that it was most likely not effective all the time, but rather was modestly effective, and that "not a single paper reported that tonsillectomy is invariably effective in eliminating sore throats". Another systematic review of cases involving children found that there there was only a short-term benefit - "A child who meets these strict criteria will probably suffer from 6 throat infections in the next two years. A child who has surgery now will probably suffer from 3 throat infections. In two years there will probably be no difference."
Parents in the last few decades who resisted having their child's tonsils or their appendix routinely (without a serious immediate problem) should be locked up of course, right? It used to be fairly routine to remove an appendix if a person was operated on for other reasons.
Lots of things about the way we raise kids in the USA are pretty odd.
"Our Babies, Ourselves: How Biology and Culture Shape the Way We Parent" by Meredith Small
"In this thoroughly researched and well-referenced book, anthropology professor Small (What's Love Got To Do with It, LJ 9/15/95) explores ethnopediatrics, an interdisciplinary science that combines anthropology, pediatrics, and child development research in order to examine how child-rearing styles across cultures affect the health and survival of infants. Small describes the different parenting styles of several cultures, including (but not limited to) the nomadic Ache tribe of Paraguay, the agrarian !Kung San society of the Kalahari Desert in Africa, and the American industrialized society. In discussing these societies, she illustrates that although there are numerous ways to care for babies, some cultural norms of care are actually at odds with the way infants have evolved. Thus, parents should expect "trade-offs" when they act in opposition to how babies are designed. Small speculates that the custom of mothers in industrialized nations to wean early or not to breastfeed at all may be responsible for the higher incidence of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, more medical problems and fatalities, and more crying than is commonly noted in babies of more agrarian societies. She urges parents to recognize that although their native culture does have an impact on their parenting, they can adopt aspects of child rearing from other cultures, if they choose. Highly recommended for all anthropology and child development collections and appropriate for general audiences as well."
That book points out that a common question other cultures have about US Americans is if they really keep their children in cages much of the time?
               Other cultures see US cribs differently than people in the US do. But, if parents don't stick their babies in a crib (nice for crib and mattress sales), why, let's lock 'em up.
Also, if the NICHD's "Back to sleep" campaign to reduce SIDS that most pediatricians and the AAP promotes was a drug, considering it can cause flattening of a kid's skull and delaying crawling by months, would it even be legal?
   (AAP == American Academy of Pediatrics, sorry about typing APA in the last The campaign may work (I'm not disputing that) -- but what about the cost to everyone else who does not need it, either the 1999 babies out of 2000 who then don't sleep as well (and so, neither do the parents sleep as well, perhaps leading to other problems), babies who get more deformed skulls, or babies who don't crawl much at an early age? But, of course, MDs say not to worry that babies don't crawl much anymore:
"The story discusses the recent phenomenon of many infants' not crawling, instead "sublimating" straight from sitting to walking (I thought I'd use that term as a malapropistic blend of chemistry and misuse of the psychoanalytic term just for kicks).  Why is this happening?  How can babies miss such an important milestone?  The story features a research study Dr. Davis did. It seems that as a consequence of "Back to Sleep" prevention of SIDS, babies don't "discover" crawling the way tummy-bound infants do.  (For a fun read on how infants make these scientific discoveries, read "The Scientist in the Crib" by the U.W.'s Andy Meltzoff, Patricia Kuhl and Alison Gopnick).  Developmental consequences?  Apparently none -- and Dr. Davis emphasizes that communication milestones are much more sensitive to developmental delays than are physical milestones. "
Hard to say if they are right? But, it shows the logic -- make 1999 babies out of 2000 suffer so that one is saved. Maybe we need more research to identify the one baby out of 2000 who could benefit from this strategy and just having that one kid sleep that way?
Even *diapers* themselves are a profitable thing babies don't really need: :-)
   "DiaperFreeBaby is a network of free support groups promoting a natural approach to responding to babies' elimination needs. This practice is followed worldwide and is known as Elimination Communication, Natural Infant Hygiene, and Infant Potty Training. The process involves observing one's baby's signs and signals, providing cue sounds and elimination-place associations, and can be done with or without any diaper use."
As for that matter are toilets you sit on instead of squat over:
   And where should we stop? People get colon cancer, maybe we should remove children's colons too, at birth? :-(
   Actually, many more of those sorts issues *will* come up in the decades to come as transhumanism advocates gain more power. Why have a colon if you can plug in to a wall outlet to recharge instead? Feces can spread disease. Maybe it will be considered irresponsible of parents to allow their children to retain their natural colons? So, in the future, why not lock up the parents and have the state remove the child's colon as a public health measure? :-( We are perhaps just decades from that sort of thing being a big issue, IMHO. :-)
What precedents do you want to set before transhumanism becomes bigger and And, then, why not just dispense with the whole disease-ridden body idea entirely, as public health measure? :-) If parents don't want their child digitized as a public health measure, then lock 'em up.
   Once the kid is digitized, then there is no need for the kid's body anymore, which is just a public health nuisance. Some plans for dealing with the unneeded body:
   I actually agree with the sentiment that we need (and we really have no choice but to find) a balance of the forces of meshworks and hierarchies (Manuel de Landa), but how those balances get worked out, and what the ground rules are, are interesting questions.
What I'm trying to call into question here is point after point of how US social norms about child raising are questionable, and how US doctors have given very bad advice for decades in the past on a variety of issues.
Anyway, so, this another set of data points about "legitimacy" which you so rightly suggest is an important issue to explore, especially as it relates to using state violence to impose changes on the human body.
Something on that, and the slippery slope problem we need to watch out for, even as the state or a bureaucracy can do wonderful things sometimes:
   "They Thought They Were Free: The Germans, 1933-45"
   "And one day, too late, your principles, if you were ever sensible of them, all rush in upon you. The burden of self-deception has grown too heavy, and some minor incident, in my case my little boy, hardly more than a baby, saying ?Jewish swine,? collapses it all at once, and you see that everything, everything, has changed and changed completely under your nose. The world you live in ? your nation, your people ? is not the world you were born in at all. The forms are all there, all untouched, all reassuring, the houses, the shops, the jobs, the mealtimes, the visits, the concerts, the cinema, the holidays. But the spirit, which you never noticed because you made the lifelong mistake of identifying it with the forms, is changed. Now you live in a world of hate and fear, and the people who hate and fear do not even know it themselves; when everyone is transformed, no one is transformed. Now you live in a system which rules without responsibility even to God. The system itself could not have intended this in the beginning, but in order to sustain itself it was compelled to go all the way.
When you are setting up your guidelines for who to lock up, or otherwise to use state violence against, in relation to their children, remember:
   "Before you can reach a point of effectiveness in defending your own children or your principles against the assault of blind social machinery, you have to stop conspiring against yourself by attempting to negotiate with a set of abstract principles and rules which, by its nature, cannot respond. Under all its disguises, that is what institutional schooling is, an abstraction which has escaped its handlers. Nobody can reform it. First you have to realize that human values are the stuff of madness to a system; in systems-logic the schools we have are already the schools the system needs; the only way they could be much improved is to have kids eat, sleep, live, and die there."
Well, by systems logic, the vaccines we have are already the vaccines the medical system needs; the only way they could be much improved is if there were more of them. Same with leaded gas (for past decades), smoking (for past decades), infant formula, cesareans, and circumcisions; the only way things can be improved would be to have more of each of them, by that logic.
But yes, I can agree with your implicit point as well as Kevin's explicit point (in the newspaper bailout thread) that only the composite blogosphere can as a whole work through these issues. So, it is a good idea to keep an open mind and keep looking for new information, or re-evaluating old information and old paradigms and old trade-offs.
Just be careful that when you say "Scientific peer processes so far appear the best we've got", that what you really mean is not "Whatever a bunch of scientists say right now is the truth and justifies any violation of the human body for any political end".
Because this is the kind of place that stuff goes:
   By your proposed political logic, parents who don't abort children who may have weaker immune systems are a public health threat, and so should be locked up, right?
We'll soon have the tools to test for that, courtesy of my new adopted news source, Faux News: :-)
   "IBM Builds 'Bar Code Reader' for DNA"
   ?The technologies that make reading DNA fast, cheap and widely available have the potential to revolutionize bio-medical research and herald an era of personalized medicine,? said IBM research scientist Gustavo Stolovitzky. ?Ultimately, it could improve the quality of medical care by identifying patients who will gain the greatest benefit from a particular medicine and those who are most at risk of adverse reaction.?
Ask yourself what sort of society you want to build before that technology to scan your DNA to the ends of the state becomes common?
Hopefully we've matured as a society since these days?
   IBM and the Holocaust is the stunning story of IBM's strategic alliance with Nazi Germany -- beginning in 1933 in the first weeks that Hitler came to power and continuing well into World War II. As the Third Reich embarked upon its plan of conquest and genocide, IBM and its subsidiaries helped create enabling technologies, step-by-step, from the identification and cataloging programs of the 1930s to the selections of the 1940s.
Are you ready for people to ask you, what kind of genes do you have, Ryan? Are they "healthy enough" by the state's standards? :-) If not, maybe they might say you should not get a parenting license?
   "The film presents a biopunk vision of a society driven by liberal eugenics. Children of the middle and upper classes are selected through preimplantation genetic diagnosis to ensure they possess the best hereditary traits of their parents. A genetic registry database uses biometrics to instantly identify and classify those so created as valids while those conceived by traditional means are derisively known as in-valids. While genetic discrimination is forbidden by law, in practice it is easy to profile one's genotype resulting in the Valids qualifying for professional employment while the In-Valids who are susceptible to disease are relegated to menial jobs. The movie draws on concerns over reproductive technologies which facilitate eugenics, and the possible consequences of such technological developments for society. It also explores the idea of destiny and the ways in which it can and does govern lives. Characters in Gattaca continually battle both with society and with themselves to find their place in the world and who they are destined to be according to their genes."
No doubt we will see such worlds. It's sad. The question is, will all such world be like that? Will enhancements be forced on people? Will work and fitting people to work still be the dominant factor ins structuring state-mandated medical interventions? Another related story:
   What kind of world do we want to build? What kind of research do we want to focus on? It's more than "legitimacy". It is also vision and imagination.
How about moving beyond "punishment" as a state-parenting style?
   Maccoby and Martin expanded the styles to four: authoritative, authoritarian, indulgent and neglectful. "These four styles of parenting involve combinations of acceptance and responsiveness on the one hand and demand and control on the other." These four styles are described below.
This can help too:
   "Don't shoot the dog!: The New Art of Teaching and Training"
      Even though there are many more ways to effect human behavior than the ten or some approaches Karen Pryor mentions in that book based on behaviorism. I was making a list once and I think I was up to around forty approaches.
The best one was something suggested to me, essentially that when you see a behavior you don't like by someone, be thankful they are in your life. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-07 21:56:35
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American on the coming Malthusian 
All bunk, for reasons previously cited:
            Our main problem is not enough educated and resourceful people empowered by access to a basic income, tools, and communications. :-)
The truth is more like that (almost) every person can be a huge net benefit to society. We have a "Peak Population" crisis.
With that said, your other reply to Michel about the power of states to do big things is true. States just should not be things like mandatory birth control. China would be pretty awesome right now with double the population. :-) They might be building habitats in the oceans and in space instead of dealing with a nation of "Little Emperor".
   And China may soon be eclipsing the rest of the world in sustainability:
   "One-party autocracy certainly has its drawbacks. But when it is led by a reasonably enlightened group of people, as China is today, it can also have great advantages. That one party can just impose the politically difficult but critically important policies needed to move a society forward in the 21st century. It is not an accident that China is committed to overtaking us in electric cars, solar power, energy efficiency, batteries, nuclear power and wind power. China?s leaders understand that in a world of exploding populations and rising emerging-market middle classes, demand for clean power and energy efficiency is going to soar. Beijing wants to make sure that it owns that industry and is ordering the policies to do that, including boosting gasoline prices, from the top down."
Maybe it would be *better* for the human race if there were twice as many Chinese right now? :-)
Really, what we need is both you and Michel. Both hierarchies and meshworks.    "Indeed, one must resist the temptation to make hierarchies into villains and meshworks into heroes, not only because, as I said, they are constantly turning into one another, but because in real life we find only mixtures and hybrids, and the properties of these cannot be established through theory alone but demand concrete experimentation"
Still, I urge you both to read "Voyage from Yesteryear" for both an understanding of how states can go wrong and what an alternative might look like, and how any conflict might get resolved, and why a vision of an abundant future is so important to making that all work out well.
   By the way, why not do some math rather than hand wave saying, when you say: "It isn't clear that outputs from small farms, small manufacturing, etc. can give the world what it needs."
Put some numbers to that.
How much does the world need in different areas? How much could small farms and small manufacturing supply of that?
The numbers might surprise you.
I met several people in NJ who wanted to run small farms bout could not because of high land prices. I'd suggest there are lots of people who would produce more locally if they got the chance, plus had access to modern equipment (whether robotic cow milkers or fancy CAD/CAM machines). But most will never get the chance because the capital is tied up in large ventures or appreciated land assets devoted to essentially frivolous ends (like suburbs instead of functional towns and cities). Still, there is a lot of land in the USA.
What we may need most in new cities built along new paradigms. The USA has only about one tenth the population of Europe. We could fit two Chinas in the USA and still be less dense than Europe. The USA has plenty of room for new cities that would support hundreds of millions of more people.
And that's without even building out into the oceans or up into the sky.
What population control generally means in practice is eugenics and racism. Maybe we might need to think about it someday. Maybe after we fill up the solar system. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-07 22:21:10
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Charter Cities 
Paul Romer, who gives that talk, is very market-based.
I wrote on his ideas last year:
   I'm not talking about the market apologist version of "post-scarcity" at, say, Stanford:
     "Post-Scarcity Prophet: Economist Paul Romer on growth, technological change, and an unlimited human future."
        If you read that carefully, that supposed "Post-Scarcity Prophet" seems more obsessed with ensuring an abundance of ... scarcity. :-)
   There is not much talk of "free" or "cheap" for *everybody* as much as an obsession with more patents and more copyrights and more secrets -- which are all ways to create artificial scarcity in a market economy. So, a supposedly brilliant economist presumably would promote even more artificial scarcity through draconian copyright and such. This person (shortlisted for the Nobel Prize, the article says) can't understand that if *all* the basics are essentially "free" to the user through the miracles of improving F/OSS technology and a healthy natural world, then people's personal time for more desktop innovative R&D is mostly "free" too. :-)
   An example where he misses that is when he says: "If you're going to be giving things away for free, you're going to have to find some system to finance them, and that's where government support typically comes in."
   Maybe that is true now, but it is less and less true with each passing day. And no charge for this "free" essay, by the way. :-) A typical related problem is to confuse or ignore free as in "freedom" and free as in "price" by the way. This essay is free as in both (see the license at the end. :-)
        Here is part of a sci-fi story about the flip side of that "Imagine" world kids are thinking about, where it all goes horribly wrong, say, with a Stanford-led elite unable to let go of a fear of scarcity, and instead using the robots to guard most of the world who are kept in "welfare" prison camps:
          "Time to turn around Jacob Lewis105. There is construction in the next zone and, for your safety, we cannot allow you to proceed." There were a hundred reasons the robots gave for making you turn around. Construction, blasting, contamination, flash flooding, train derailments, possible thunder storms, animal migrations and so on. They could be quite creative in their reasons. It was all part of their politeness. If you turned around you were fine. If you made any move in any direction other than the one suggested, you were immediately injected and woke up back in your room. I had only tried it twice.
   To me, "post-scarcity" means the end of rationing the basics for everybody, where what is defined as "the basics" grows and grows over time. :-) And one of those basics is unrationed access to important information. Ration units went out of use with World War II, you might object. But what is a US Federal Reserve Note (commonly called a fiat dollar) if not essentially a "ration unit"? So, in that sense, to quote Iain Banks, "Money is a sign of poverty", meaning that money's presence in a society indicates the society believes (as part of its mythology) that there is not enough stuff to go around.
   I suggest Princeton economists start ignoring the next Nobel Prize sure bet listed above, who is claiming to be "post-scarcity" while taking us down the road to Marshall Brain's scarcity dystopia linked above (though read to the end of Marshall Brain's story for some hope).
In that video, Paul Romer focuses on the notion of creating rules. Market based ones mainly. Well, maybe we do need some rules. But they should have as an assumption not creating *artificial* scarcities, IMHO. And they should not assume labor has much value anymore, as this video you linked to a while back shows:
With that said, as in my previous post, I think creating new cities is a great idea.
Paul Romer, saying cities are just the right scale between villages and nations, seems to be rediscovering Jane Jacobs work, but without crediting her?
   But beware of market based people like Paul Romer, for these reasons:
   Except markets have all sorts of problems:
* systemic risks of collapse, especially from pyramid schemes involving debt
* negative externalities like pollution are paid by society
* positive externalities like global health are ignored in product design
* money tends to get centralized, as it takes money to make money
* those with a lot of money set standards to benefit themselves
* competition can be very wasteful if people otherwise agree on goals
* preparing and fighting war is profitable
* as above, human labor is needed less and less for production
* money tends to corrupt the political process
* the market doesn't hear the needs of people with money, so people can
starve or sicken amidst physical plenty
* extrinsic security and planned obsolescence may be more profitable than
intrinsic security and durable goods
* money distorts information flows about news
* money corrupts the medical decision making process (conflict of interest)
* money corrupt academia (Kept University)
There are probably others. :-)
He talks about "choices", but in practice, without a basic income or capital, most people won't have choices. They can just pick who their owner will be as a wage slave (if they are *lucky* these days).
   So, city idea like Jane Jacobs is great; the emphasis on free markets emphasizing a income-through-jobs link at this point, given the ending of work as we know it, is obsolete IMHO. And that was known to be coming in the    He's got a cool moving graphic about land use and cities. But the raw idea has been said before:
"The Truth About Land Use in the United States"
"By far the greatest impact on the American landscape comes not from urbanization but rather from agriculture. According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, farming and ranching are responsible for 68 percent of all species endangerment in the United States. ... The ironic aspect of this head-in-the sand approach to land use is that most agriculture is completely unnecessary to feed the nation. The great bulk of agricultural production goes toward forage production used primarily by livestock. A small shift in our diet away from meat could have a tremendous impact on the ground in terms of freeing up lands for restoration and wildlife habitat. It would also reduce the poisoning of our streams and groundwater with pesticides and other residue of modern agricultural practices."
The "manual" of "Charter Cities for Dummies" he talks about was what OSCOMAK was supposed to be. :-)
   "The Oscomak project is an attempt to create a core of communities more in control of their technological destiny and its social implications. No single design for a community or technology will please everyone, or even many people. Nor would a single design be likely to survive. So this project endeavors to gather information and to develop tools and processes that all fit together conceptually like Tinkertoys or Legos. The result will be a library of possibilities that individuals in a community can use to achieve any degree of self-sufficiency and self-replication within any size community, from one person to a billion people. Within every community people will interact with these possibilities by using them and extending them to design a community economy and physical layout that suits their needs and ideas. "
But, alas, twenty years ago I got all sort of static trying to do that in the Ivy League. Of course, now I understand why -- there is a difference between pitching an idea good for everyone, or pitching an idea good for the people already on top.
He does talk about the only limit is a "failure of imagination" and the power of ideas. I can agree with that.
Paul Romer is an interesting mix. He half gets so much. But doesn't seem to be able to go all the way. I can only hope that is an act to bring people along. :-)
His rules for changing rules are, for example, the US constitution; the problem is they get gummed up in other social issues and social inertia. Maybe that is often a good thing, but not always.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-07 23:50:59
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Inflamed passions -- Why do vaccines trigger 
As I pointed out in earlier, AIDS can be spread by dirty reused vaccination "Research Suggests Dirty Needles Bigger Cause of African AIDS Than Thought"
"Countered" by:
   "Dirty needles research rejected"
   "The United Nations has disputed the findings of United States researchers which says most HIV infections in Africa result from dirty medical needles. ... The research estimates that about 60% of people with HIV in Africa become infected mainly through contaminated needles rather than through sexual contact, but the UNAids organisation puts the figure at nearer 5%."
But, what is even 5% of 25 million? 1.25 milion.
   So, even by the most conservative effort, vaccination (the biggest use of needles I'd suspect) has directly killed a million people, plus all the others they might have infected. (Assuming the AIDS totals are correct; some dispute them, because there is less help for people dying of things other than AIDS.)
That's part of the problem with creating a single point of failure with some common procedure you apply to the entire population.
   If you believe the high figure, then vaccination has likely caused maybe fifteen million AIDS cases (assuming some spread after the dirty needle use for the vaccinated to others).
Of course, rather than admit millions of people in Africa were sentenced to death by immunization, which might require spending money to help fix the problem as much as possible, it is easier to give those other impressions, basically blaming the victim.
   "President Obama, Enough is Enough!   Young African American students are baffled by your audacity to suggest that the contemporary problems of Africa should be disengaged from the legacies and exigencies of colonialism, neo-colonialism and western oppression."
Still, I'm not 100% sure how much needle use was for vaccination and how much for other things. So, it might be less. But, so even if it was just hundreds of thousands, that would still be a lot.
But it also all helps explain:
   "The NED, NGOs and the Imperial Uses of Philanthropy: Why They Hate Our Kind Hearts, Too"
   Anyway, here you are arguing how people who question vaccination should be locked up, and you don't know about maybe millions dying of them in Africa. This isn't meant to pick on you personally. No doubt most people in the USA would not think about this. But it shows how fast the ground can slide under supporting what seemed a straightforward statist intervention.
Now, you may say that could never happen in the USA, that US doctors would reuse needles. And, barring mistakes and accidental jabs, I'd agree.
But it is an example of what actually happened somewhere with vaccination.
Recipe for disaster:
* Make one substance in one factory (or even a few).
* Inject in in almost everybody in the society all at once.
* What could possible go wrong? :-(
Maybe that helps explain that other news item you linked to?
   "A third of U.S. parents oppose swine flu vaccine: Some fear side effects, others say new flu won't be so bad, AP poll finds"
   The last "swine flu" vaccine debacle:
"Swine Flu Vaccine of 1976- More Harm than Good?"
 "What did materialize were cases of a rare side effect thought to be linked to the shot. The unexpected development cut short the vaccination effort ? an unprecedented national campaign ? after 10 weeks. The episode triggered an enduring public backlash against flu vaccination, embarrassed the federal government and cost the director of the U.S. Center for Disease Control, now known as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, his job."
Mass vaccination is a national security risk. It may have other values if it reduces the risk for one disease, but one can't deny the other larger risk. Some sort of DNA timebomb in a flu vaccine could wipe out an entire society. Now that some vaccines are made with recombinant DNA, what is really in them?
Here is an example on a small scale, of a leader getting everyone repeatedly to ingest something over and over until one time it was poison:
  Why set up an infrastructure and ideology that creates such a systemic risk?
Wasn't SV40 contamination of the Polio vaccine enough of a warning?
Possibly, polio might even be curable in the early stages with massive doses of vitamin C? I'm not sure, but it's intriguing:
   "The Origin of the 42-Year Stonewall of Vitamin C"
"One of the reasons why Klenner?s declaration at the AMA annual session was undoubtedly met with silence was that since 1939 polio experts were quite certain that vitamin C was not effective against polio. There seemed little doubt that Dr. Albert B. Sabin, a highly respected figure in medical research even before he developed his successful vaccines, had demonstrated that vitamin C had no value in combatting polio viruses. In 1939 he published a paper showing that vitamin C had no effect in preventing paralysis in rhesus monkeys experimentally infected with a strain of polio virus. He had tried to corroborate the work of Dr. Claus W. Jungeblut, another highly respected medical researcher, who had published in 1935 and 1937 papers indicating that vitamin C might be of benefit. Sabin could not reproduce Jungeblut?s results even though he consulted Jungeblut during the course of the experiments. It seemed to be a fair trial, and Sabin?s negative results virtually ended experiments with vitamin C and polio. How then could a Dr. Fred R. Klenner, a virtually unknown general practitioner specializing in diseases of the chest, from a town no one ever heard of, with no national credentials, no research grants and no experimental laboratory, have the nerve to make his sweeping claim in front of that prestigious body of polio authorities?"
Another random link: :-)
   "Government Risks Male Sterility As Mumps Vaccine Fails"
   Two new medical papers in Vaccine and Eurosurveillance respectively show this 10th April  2009 Daily Mail story ? "Students suffering as cases of mumps treble" ? is wrong about the reasons for adult mumps outbreaks.
   The new medical papers show:-
     * the mumps vaccine is failing ? with vaccinated individuals catching mumps as adults
     * but unvaccinated individuals are not
Mumps in adults but not children can cause an atrophied testicle and (rarely) male sterility. Mumps outbreaks in older individuals is a known effect of introducing vaccination. It pushes childhood diseases into the adult population. [A known concern with chickenpox vaccine is serious shingles outbreaks in the older population.]
   Children who catch mumps naturally gain lifelong immunity but are at no risk of atrophy or sterility. Mumps vaccination was not recommended by the British Medical Association, Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation, Ministry of Defence and Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain  from at least 1974 and prior to the 1988 introduction of the MMR [see below].
   A reason unvaccinated individuals are not developing mumps as adults is that they caught natural mumps as children and this may have been asymptomatic [ie. they showed no symptoms].  Asymptomatic infection is a known phenomenon and becomes more common as the severity of infectious diseases wanes in the population over time.
   In contrast, the hypothesis put by the authors of the paper cited below makes little sense ? they suggest the unvaccinated are not catching mumps as adults [when the vaccinated are] because of high vaccination uptake rates. If that were the case then the vaccinated would not be catching mumps as adults either.
But, if parents don't want the mumps vaccine, lock 'em up, right? :-) Even if the vaccination program has essentially created a huge problem? Apparently, adults now need mumps vaccinations every decade or so?
And we can lock up the rest of those Africans who are suspicious of needles at this point, too. :-) They can keep each other company.
Here's another place maybe we should not go:
"Vaccines Implicated in Rocketing Childhood Diabetes Rates"
"The Times, London reports Thousands of children revealed to be suffering from diabetes ? The Times ?  April 4, 2009, showing UK childhood diabetes rates are 15 times higher than previous figures. Childhood diabetes is listed as an adverse reaction to the US drug giant Merck?s MMR II and other vaccines  and highlights the issue of risk of disease compared to risk of adverse reactions. "
Although I tended to put that rise in Type-1 diabetes down to TV and junk food and sugar. But maybe it is something more?
They link to:
   "MERCK?S MMR II PRODUCT INFORMATION LEAFLET"
   ADVERSE REACTIONS
The following adverse reactions are listed in decreasing order of severity, without regard to causality, within each body system category and have been reported during clinical trials, with use of the marketed  vaccine, or with use of monovalent or bivalent vaccine containing measles, mumps, or rubella:
Endocrine System
   Diabetes mellitus.
The issue is not that vaccines cause stuff like Type-1 Diabetes; everyone apparently agrees they can do stuff like that if it is in the warning document few parents read. The issue is, how much do vaccines cause something like Type-1 Diabetes?
So, whose numbers do you believe on those rates? Does the medical community really want to know what the true rates are? That's what is at issue.
And, why does the medical community focus on preventing disease by vaccination, but not preventing it by good nutrition, or curing disease by vitamins and good nutrition? Could all that money spent on polio vaccine have been wasted, compared to spending it on good nutrition and vitamin-C treatments for those who got the disease? Well, there is little research about that. Wonder why?
And it doesn't have to be a conspiracy. Almost everyone involved means well.
Just like most people giving immunizations in Africa that spread AIDS no doubt meant well.
We need a way to turn all those well wishes into the best well deeds they can be. It's not clear to me that the current approach to vaccination is the best way to do that.
How can p2p help with this? Legitimacy is part of it, as you suggest. But, so is organizing the anecdotes.
The fact is, if Cuba was not vaccinating, I'd probably have little faith at all in vaccines. :-)
Of course, there is still the issue of short term benefits for long term losses. :-(
"An essential breakthrough in immunization that also shows the island?s
progress in genetic engineering is the recent development of a
tetravalent antigen that protects children against diphtheria,
tetanus, whooping cough and hepatitis."
Hmmm. Cuba, the USA's sworn enemy (as the USA sees it) just over the border practically. Masters of genetic engineering. Something about that worries me. :-) Although, who would be most likely to do something like that?
"U.S. needs quarantine to fight bio-plague threats"
"Getting a plague started is tricky. It needs to achieve critical mass before it is detected. Mexico is just the petri dish that a fourth-generation war attacker wanting to destroy the United States would need."
Looks like we need to make the world work for everyone, and really fast. :-)
But, that was another point of the Triple Revolution memorandum from 1964:
   The Weaponry Revolution: New forms of weaponry have been developed which cannot win wars but which can obliterate civilization. We are recognizing only now that the great weapons have eliminated war as a method for resolving international conflicts. The ever-present threat of total destruction is tempered by the knowledge of the final futility of war. The need of a ?warless world? is generally recognized, though achieving it will be a long and frustrating process.
The spread of computer viruses made by reckless teenagers suggests what will soon be possible for teenagers and molecular biology. Or at least college    "University of Washington Bends Biosafety"
   The skyrocketing biodefense budget, now exceeding that of the Manhattan Project (adjusted for inflation), is rapidly increasing research on biological weapons agents, including risky genetic engineering projects. Despite this, the Bush administration maintains that comprehensive laboratory safety and disclosure law is unnecessary, because an alleged ?culture of responsibility? among institutional biosafety committees will protect Americans, and the world, from its biodefense research.
But, they're from the government, so they are here to help, right?
We should be *glad* that unhappy college students are only using guns on campus. Very glad. As sad as those tragedies are. How long will that choice of weapon last for spectacular college mass-murder/suicides?
Our ideology in the USA and elsewhere is completely out of touch with our technological possibilities. And, unfortunately, it seems much easier to destroy than create. We need to make it easier to create than destroy, IMHO.
Anyway, if you want to convince me about vaccination, maybe you should tout Cuba more? :-)
   "DR. Lea Guido, representative of the Pan-American Health Organization (PAHO) in Cuba, praised the vaccination model developed in Cuba and affirmed that the rest of the world has much to learn from the island in the area of    "Cuba suspends vaccination program after three children die"
   2002 JUN 19 - (NewsRx.com & NewsRx.net) -- Cuba announced May 30, 2002 it had suspended its measles vaccination program after an "uncommon accident" with imported vaccine dosages that left three children dead and 42 others sick. The three children died after receiving injections from "apparently contaminated" vials filled with the antimeasles vaccine manufactured in India. "After the accident was known, it was decided a week ago to stop the vaccinations under way across the country," the government said in a communique carried in the Communist Party daily ...
Now, that has got to be a big security risk. Getting vaccines from abroad... Almost as bad as getting your vaccines from college kids or the Amish? :-)
Of course, one difference is that in Cuba, if your kid gets sick from a vaccine, presumably you can count on medical care for life, without a lawsuit and lots of paperwork and uncertainty, unlike the USA. Also, apparently in Cuba, when kids die from vaccines, they admit the problem and do something about it?
So, again, another case of the USA privatizing profits, but socializing risks, and smothering the whole thing in deceptive advertising? While forging right on ahead making weapons of mass destruction out of the technology. :-(
So, layers and layers of these issues...
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-08 12:41:51
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 1/3 of US parents oppose Swine Flu Vaccine (risk 
I've been looking more at the relation between Type-1 Diabetes and vaccination and I find this study summar fascinating:
   "Vaccines Not Linked to Childhood Diabetes"
   Critics of childhood vaccination programs have proposed links between vaccines and increasing incidences of autism and type 1 diabetes mellitus in children. Strong scientific evidence has accumulated against any association of vaccinations with autism (see Journal Watch Infectious Diseases Dec 12 2003 and Oct 10 2003). Now, using a registry of all children born in Denmark from 1990 through 2000, a national vaccine registry, and a national hospital registry that identified diabetes diagnoses, investigators have performed a longitudinal study of vaccinations and type 1 diabetes.
   The researchers identified 681 cases of type 1 diabetes among 739,694 children during 4,720,517 person-years of follow-up. Comparison of diabetes rate ratios among unvaccinated children and children who received at least one dose of vaccine (Haemophilus influenzae type b; diphtheria, tetanus, and inactivated poliovirus; diphtheria, tetanus, acellular pertussis, and inactivated poliovirus; whole-cell pertussis; measles, mumps, and rubella; or oral poliovirus) showed no association between vaccination and disease. Rate ratios did not change with succeeding doses of vaccines, with greater total numbers of vaccinations, or in the 2 to 4 years after receipt of any vaccine. Vaccinations were not associated with development of type 1 diabetes in siblings of diabetic children.
   Comment: Findings from this elegant epidemiologic study should refute claims that vaccinations cause type 1 diabetes mellitus in children. The study design eliminated potential selection and recall biases. Setting the record straight on vaccinations and diabetes is in the best interest of public health.
What is most interesting about this "elegant" study is that it has only taken place years after the vaccines have been in widespread use. A decade earlier, some research suggested otherwise, including experiments with rodents, as listed in part here:
   Think about that for a moment. Vaccines were released with little testing other than immediate side effects, and then many years later, to combat other research saying their are unexpected long term effects, some researchers (with lots of money?) start looking for evidence there are no long-term side effects in specific areas. Let's say these new researchers are right in their conclusions that there is no link between vaccination and diabetes. What does this still say about the entire process of determining the long term safety of a vaccine? It says, everybody getting a vaccine is a guinea pig. And given vaccines continually change in formulation and who produces them and how, what does past success even say about future performance?
Of course, you can't actually see the study without special access or going to a library that has the journal, even though this research was no doubt subsidized by the taxpayer. :-(
Also, based on one country, with probably very specific sources for manufactured vaccines (likely, not from the USA), conclude that all vaccines are safe in this way. That's like saying lower death rates in accidents from people driving Volvos in Sweden means everyone who drives a Ford Pinto in the USA is safe.
   Doctors like to say vaccination is "safe and effective". Well, so is gasoline, and so is nuclear power, and so is open heart surgery, depending on how you define your terms and the context.
The question is, "how safe", and "how effective"? And "how confident" are people about those estimates (including estimates about "unknown unknowns")?
Also, what are the alternatives? For gasoline, it takes about as much electricity to make a gallon of gas as it would to power an electric car the same distance, so the gasoline is unnecessary except as a temporary storage device for electric power. For nuclear power plants, we can have solar power instead, with different costs and benefits. For open heart surgery, one could preventively eat a healthier diet and fast periodically to avoid the need for it, or take fish oil capsules afterward to make it work better.
Here's an example with numbers showing how only a slight difference in estimate of risk about vaccines might lead one to avoid them entirely.
Let's look a the current US vaccine schedule for kids and adults:
   For children birth to six, it involves about thirty five injections for about fifty doses of vaccines (some like MMR or DToP have multiple doses of different vaccines in one shot).  For children seven to eight, it involves about twenty injections, for about twenty-two doses of vaccines. For adults nineteen to eighty (six more decades of life), it would entail about sixty flu shots, plus about twenty three other shots, for a total of about eighty three shots, comprising about one hundred doses of vaccines. I'm doing a rough calculation here eyeballing the charts, the numbers might be off by one or two here or there. Essentially, add them up and it is about 35 + 20 + 83 injections (so, about 138 injections lifetime) and 50 + 22 + 100 doses of stuff, or about 172 doses of vaccines across a lifetime. So, as I've said before, approaching two hundred doses of vaccines are recommended (assuming you add each aspect of something like MMR seperately). This assumes the person does not travel somewhere tropical or go into the military, where they might receive tens of more doses of various stuff (often with more risk of side effects). And, that assumes the vaccine schedule does not continue to increase, as here, with perhaps a mandatory swine flu shot that has been talked about.
It's pretty much agreed by most doctors that the chance of a serious adverse reaction to an injection of a vaccine is roughly one in a million. Some things are more likely, somethings less, but certainly, that's the order of magnitude a doctor may throw around as likely. And it sounds like good odds, right? A one in a million risk for near certainty for not getting some specific disease that sounds terrifying.
Let's say you, for whatever reason, think that one out a million is an underestimate of the total risk per dose of vaccine. That is not a completely irrational position, given how little anyone can study the long term side effects of a specific batch of vaccine in advance (as the above study about diabetes and vaccination, decades after the fact). Also, it is not completely irrational to question how vaccines may have manufacturing defects after they are approved (like that example of in Cuba when vaccines made in India were contaminated), especially if they are produced for the most profit or by the lowest bidder. Remember, each injection poses a physical risk of a misplaced injection in a vein or with a contaminated needle, too. Also, going to a health care facility to get a vaccination may also expose you to a serious communicable diseases. You might feel there is just a little corruption there, just a little conflict of interest, just a little group think going on, just a little looking the other way in relation to profits; not necessarily widespread collusion, just a bit of what you see going on everywhere in US society with Enron and Iraq and the lack of universal health care and so on.
So, what is the true risk? We don't know. But let's say you think it is more like a risk of long term serious injury or death of one in ten thousand instead of one in a million. Still not certain, but just substantially higher, by a factor of 100. It's not completely irrational. There are some vaccine risks that are listed as one in ten thousand. Applying this just a little more broadly is not completely unreasonable, even if some statisticians would fault it based on the data they are looking at (although again, there is uncertainty about whether to trust them). I'm not saying this risk assessment is right; I'm just saying it is not completely irrational.
OK, let's work with those numbers. So, over an eighty year life, what would be the odds of a serious problem from vaccination, if you think that way? Well, approximately it is 200 vaccine doses times one-in-10,000, or, about a 2% general risk of severe injury from participating in a life-long vaccination program as a civilian.
But, that's in general. What if you have a family history of asthma, profound autism, diabetes, or other immunes system disorders? Or what if you have, say, a lot of metal crowns or metal fillings in your teeth, and so your body is already burdened with continually removing heavy metals? Well, it might be reasonable to think you or your child are specifically at additional risk in your individual case. Let's say, you feel you are at five times the average risk if you have both fillings and and immune system disorder in the family. I'm not saying that is right; I'm just saying one might easily feel that way without being considered completely hysterical. People make individual risk assessments all the time that differ from the official averages. In that case, you might think your risk of getting profound problem from vaccination is five times more likely that 2%, so more like 10%.
But, doctors will tell you the odds are just one in a million (without any context or specificity to your situation) of a problem. But you might see this as a 10% risk. This is the huge gap in statistical analysis and perception that may drive some of this controversy. Do many people think vaccines are a 10% risk for their child? Or is it a one in a million risk, like any doctor will tell you (without context)? Who really knows? Obviously, if people really knew for sure, why would the people who did that study above on just one auto-immune disease in one country related to vaccination be so obviously proud of their recent achievement?
Now, given that in the USA, many of the diseases vaccines are for were on their way out before vaccination, and others may be treatable in other ways, and most (not all) may pose little trouble for an otherwise healthy child, especially one who is breastfed for at least two years according to WHO guidelines, then what are the real benefits of vaccination for a parent's Here, again, we could look in detail at the benefits of vaccination for various diseases in reducing the risks of specific diseases. In most cases, the risks of contracting the diseases are low in the USA. But, they are not absent. Still, then we can look at the confidence a parent has they are helping their child grow in a healthy way (eating right, exercise, good stress and not bad stress, avoiding compulsory schools that spread communicable disease and psychological pathology, and so on). So, a parent might not unreasonably decide that whatever the doctors say about risk of contracting a serious disease, maybe the risks are ten times lower for their specific child. The risks vary for each disease, obviously. A better analysis would look into each one. I don't know the exact composite figures (I have not looked at this stuff recently). I've vaguely remember talk about it being 15% risk of severe problems for the unvaccinated child in poor countries with sewage running in the streets, and maybe 2% in the USA. Let's go with the 15% figure for the USA, because I admit this is a weak part of my essay here. But, if you think your child is doing ten times better than average because of good care, then, you think at most, they have a 2% chance risk of dying from something a vaccine could save them from. Again, I'm not saying these figures are accurate; I'm just saying how one might end up feeling they were not tremendously unreasonable.
Now, lets put those assessments of risk and benefits together, in a case where we have only shifted the decimal points three places, based on not completely unreasonable assumptions. If you were to feel the risks are 10% of serious side effects for your child from a full course of vaccination lifelong, and the risk of having a serious problem with any disease were significantly lower than generally described in you case  at 2%, then would vaccinating in general make much sense? For you as an individual, interpreting the odds that way, vaccination would seem a foolish choice (ignoring moralistic arguments for taking on five times more risk for the herd).
Then, add on to that simple analysis seeing some advice like this:
   "Avoid Flu Shots With the One Vitamin that Will Stop Flu in Its Tracks "
Another influenza season is beginning, and the U.S. Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) will strongly urge Americans to get a flu shot. In fact, the CDC mounts a well-orchestrated campaign each season to generate interest and demand for flu shots.
   But a recent study published in the October issue of the Archives of Pediatric & Adolescent Medicine found that vaccinating young children against the flu appeared to have no impact on flu-related hospitalizations or doctor visits during two recent flu seasons.
   At first glance, the data did suggest that children between the ages of 6 months and 5 years derived some protection from vaccination in these years. But after adjusting for potentially relevant variables, the researchers concluded that "significant influenza vaccine effectiveness could not be demonstrated for any season, age, or setting" examined.
   Additionally, a Group Health study found that flu shots do not protect elderly people against developing pneumonia -- the primary cause of death resulting as a complication of the flu. Others have questioned whether there is any mortality benefit with influenza vaccination. Vaccination coverage among the elderly increased from 15 percent in 1980 to 65 percent now, but there has been no decrease in deaths from influenza or pneumonia.
   There is some evidence that flu shots cause Alzheimer?s disease, most likely as a result of combining mercury with aluminum and formaldehyde. Mercury in vaccines has also been implicated as a cause of autism.
   Three other serious adverse reactions to the flu vaccine are joint inflammation and arthritis, anaphylactic shock (and other life-threatening allergic reactions), and Guillain-Barr? syndrome, a paralytic autoimmune    One credible hypothesis that explains the seasonal nature of flu is that influenza is a vitamin D deficiency disease.
I'm not saying Mercola is right, but perhaps one can see that one might find Mercola persuasive, in the context of just a somewhat different assessment of vaccination risks and rewards (as above, it is something not completely unjustifiable to the average person with a mild distrust of scientist or government, even if it differs from what many doctors would tell you as they parrot the information they are given).
Now, I'm not saying these figures are the actual risks. I'm also not saying don't vaccinate. It's an individual choice, and fraught with risks and uncertainties (including risks about assessing the risks), and there are lots of specifics to be looked at, even for each vaccine. Two related books that try to be balanced:
But, I'm saying, if you look at the numbers with just a little distrust, and a little specificity to your case, it is easy to see why many just-slightly-out-of-the-mainstream parents might choose not to vaccinate at Again, this is a broad and fairly simple analysis. One might of course want to look at the risks and likely benefits for any specific vaccination. Still, it remains unknown how vaccines interact, or what the total body burden of two hundred doses of vaccines, delivered by more than one hundred injections, each adding to a body burden of dealing with mercury and aluminum and lots of other stuff might add up. So, deciding to get vaccines one by one may still create systemic risks not obvious in each individual decision. In automotive safety terms, this in analogous to "the seven factors that make an accident", where if you can reduce just one factor, a catastrophic accident might be avoided.
In the USA today, perhaps due to the previous successes of vaccines as well as other factors like hygiene and nutrition, people are far more worried about autoimmune disorders like diabetes and autism than communicable diseases like measles or polio. Maybe that is right, maybe that is wrong, but it certainly easy to understand. And, with the rising rate of autism diagnosis (whatever the cause) no up to about one out of a hundred, it lends some credence to how one could feel justified in assessing the lifetime risk of vaccination at 10% of serious injury, even if that assessment might not be right according to various academic statisticians.
The deepest problem here is trust. There is lack of trust in part because family practice doctors don't have that much time to spend talking with patients or even doing their own research and face severe liability for not following state guidelines. But, more than that, there is also lack of trust because the medical community has not bent over backward to avoid even the appearance of a conflict of interest in determining these numbers. Plus, there are ethical reasons why human experiments related to vaccination are hard to perform. Because the whole vaccination thing has taken on such moral overtones, it is hard to even have a conversation about trust (or risk).
And of course, the whole US school system may have also failed the country, according to the Vice Provost of Caltech:
   "I would like to propose a different and more illuminating metaphor for American science education. It is more like a mining and sorting operation, designed to cast aside most of the mass of common human debris, but at the same time to discover and rescue diamonds in the rough, that are capable of being cleaned and cut and polished into glittering gems, just like us, the existing scientists. ... It explains why we have the best scientists and the most poorly educated students in the world. It is because our entire system of education is designed to produce precisely that result."
And Jeff Schmidt talks about failures at the professional level of schooling    "He argues in Disciplined Minds that work is an inherently political activity and that hiring therefore involves political screening.  This understanding leads naturally to a new argument for affirmative action: to increase political diversity in the workplace."
But, in this case, has the school system failed the country because, like with the implication of Dr. Goodstein's suggestion, most scientists are right about the statistics of vaccination and the average person can not understand the statistics and so has done a faulty private risk assessment? Or has schooling failed the country because (implied according to both of Goodstein, and Schmidt, as well as Chomsky cited below) the scientists have been shaped and polished like existing scientists, and so they then engage in group think which the average citizen is unable to see through? Or, is the truth even more complex, that both scientists and citizens of all sorts of positions are right about some things and wrong about others? :-)
And, as with statistics, whichever way a parent decides, there is some chance it will be the wrong choice, and a child will die (either from the disease or the side-effects of vaccination). As a parent, there is some chance your child will die or become disabled no matter what choice you make for them. That is in the nature of parenting. You play the odds, even in letting kids climb trees or ride bicycles, and you hope for the best. It's nerve wracking if you let yourself think about it too deeply. What it at issue is, what are the true odds? And that is something it is hard for a parent to figure out, in part because it is apparently hard for even the scientists to figure out (as above), and then, if any of scientists actually do studies, it is hard to know which studies and which scientists to listen to. Human immunology is a rapidly changing field that even experts in the area can not keep up with. We can see repeated instances of the lone scientist being right, even as we can see even more instances of the lone scientist being wrong.
Still, add state compulsion and jail time to that equation, as Ryan advocates for parents who do not vaccinate their kids according to CDC guidelines, and it would seem the whole problem may just get even worse. After all, if vaccines really work, why mandate them? Oh, I know the reasons: most vaccines are admitted to be only about 95% effective and they often fade over time, so public health officials are trying to exterminate microbes from the population by getting everyone to participate, and that mandatory vaccination statistically may slow down the spread of disease or make quarantine easier (or even possible). And the CDC and others argue risks of serious vaccine side effects are one-in-a-million (or lower). Sure, doing your part for "herd immunity" sounds sensible -- if you agree with all the other official assessments about risk in general, which you may not. And then one can also argue whether parents are being responsible in questioning what official sources say, and as Ryan suggests, if seat belts and car seats can be mandated (granted, in the face of much less uncertainty about cost-benefit trade-offs for children), why not mandate vaccination, or even circumcision, or other even more invasive medical interventions? So, sure, one can build a case for mandatory vaccination, subject to discussions of Constitution issues or scientific uncertainty or ethics surrounding parenting and compulsion. But, if one can do that, one can also build a case for mandatory breastfeeding to age two or later (WHO guidelines), or a case for mandatory purchase of organic food, or a case for mandatory homeschooling to prevent disease transmission, if one is consistent. So, if we do build a case for mandates, let's look far and wide for good ones. :-)
Mandatory cancer treatment has been upheld for children recently, for example. Although, again, as with car seats, it is easier to figure the odds for cancer treatment (although, even there, it is a complex issuer with alternatives and risk assessments).
   "Ethical and Legal Dispute over Boy?s Mandatory Cancer Treatment"
   "Newsweek reports that the Hauser case is the latest in a string of incidents in which medical treatment imposed by law has come into conflict with parents? beliefs, including recent controversies involving mandatory inoculation and children?s rights to medical privacy."
But, a deeper question is, if the USA cared so much about child health, why is there not universal free-to-the-user health care in the USA? And why are so few children nursed for two+ years according to WHO guidelines? And why is it so hard to get local organic food at reasonable prices? Why is education in the USA set up as a breeding ground for disease among young children? Why don't parents get more time-off or a "basic income" so they can stay home with sick children instead of spreading disease around? Why is so little US aid abroad to help fix infrastructure issues (economic, physical, and political) that lead to starvation and malnutrition? And so on. So, why should one trust a US government agency about vaccine policy when so many other aspects of the US system seem supremely dysfunctional? Maybe that is guilt by association and unfair; I'm just outlining how one might not unreasonably have little trust in that entire system (fair or not, and whatever the scientists are saying or not).
There is also this systemic risk for the entire formal public health care enterprise in the USA, especially as it interacts with the mainstream media for distributing vaccination recommendations or discussing other health care    "What Makes Mainstream Media Mainstream" b Noam Chomsky
   The real mass media are basically trying to divert people. Let them do something else, but don?t bother us (us being the people who run the show). Let them get interested in professional sports, for example. Let everybody be crazed about professional sports or sex scandals or the personalities and their problems or something like that. Anything, as long as it isn?t serious. Of course, the serious stuff is for the big guys. "We" take care of    What are the elite media, the agenda-setting ones? The New York Times and CBS, for example. Well, first of all, they are major, very profitable, corporations. Furthermore, most of them are either linked to, or outright owned by, much bigger corporations, like General Electric, Westinghouse, and so on. They are way up at the top of the power structure of the private economy which is a very tyrannical structure. Corporations are basically tyrannies, hierarchic, controled from above. If you don?t like what they are doing you get out. The major media are just part of that system.
   Well, what do you expect to happen? What would you predict about the nature of the media product, given that set of circumstances? What would be the null hypothesis, the kind of conjecture that you?d make assuming nothing further. The obvious assumption is that the product of the media, what appears, what doesn?t appear, the way it is slanted, will reflect the interest of the buyers and sellers, the institutions, and the power systems that are around them. If that wouldn?t happen, it would be kind of a miracle.
   Okay, then comes the hard work. You ask, does it work the way you predict? Well, you can judge for yourselves. There?s lots of material on this obvious hypothesis, which has been subjected to the hardest tests anybody can think of, and still stands up remarkably well. You virtually never find anything in the social sciences that so strongly supports any conclusion, which is not a big surprise, because it would be miraculous if it didn?t hold up given the way the forces are operating.
   The next thing you discover is that this whole topic is completely taboo. If you go to the Kennedy School of Government or Stanford, or somewhere, and you study journalism and communications or academic political science, and so on, these questions are not likely to appear. That is, the hypothesis that anyone would come across without even knowing anything that is not allowed to be expressed, and the evidence bearing on it cannot be discussed. Well, you predict that too. If you look at the institutional structure, you would say, yeah, sure, that?s got to happen because why should these guys want to be exposed? Why should they allow critical analysis of what they are up to take place? The answer is, there is no reason why they should allow that and, in fact, they don?t. Again, it is not purposeful censorship. It is just that you don?t make it to those positions. That includes the left (what is called the left), as well as the right. Unless you have been adequately socialized and trained so that there are some thoughts you just don?t have, because if you did have them, you wouldn?t be there. So you have a second order of prediction which is that the first order of prediction is not allowed into the discussion.
For example, in these health insurance debates going on right now, where is the US CDC in a big way? It does contribute positively to the debate, true.
   "CDC: Private health care coverage at 50-year low"
   But why is the CDC not dominating the airwaves with a plea for universal health care, for universal dental care, or widespread organic agriculture, or extended breastfeeding, or lots of outdoor exercise and vitamin-D, in the same way it puts out a plea for universal vaccination? Why does the obvious argument that tens of millions of US Americans with little access to health care is a significant national security risk for the spread of disease not trump all other discussion on this matter? I'm not saying that some people at the CDC don't try (perhaps within the limits Chomsky suggests), but in the context of US society, people at the CDC would be easy to fault for the failures of the US health care system in general, including how much time physicians devote to discussing vaccination compared to nutrition, exercise, or breastfeeding.
The most common communicable disease in the USA is caries (dental cavities); why does the US CDC do so little about that? Again, sure it does some studies, but where is the action?
   "Promoting Oral Health: Interventions for Preventing Dental Caries, Oral and Pharyngeal Cancers, and Sports-Related Craniofacial Injuries"
      The USA has poor dental health compared to many other industrialized countries. An example of the poor state of dental care in the US:
   "New York Times Examines Access to Dental Care in USA"
   If the first basis of a body's ability to resist disease is nutrition, then an inability to eat easily compromises health lifelong. The CDC pushes fluoridation (which some question, especially broadly applied), but where is the free-to-the-user dental coverage, especially for young children? Where is the extensive training of all family practice doctors in looking under the lip for early signs of dental decay, not on the back molars? Where are the visiting nurses to help out with parental education about this? Where is the early treatment of parents and other caregivers to slow the spread of caries to young children? Where is the focus on good nutrition and low stress for pregnant women in helping with childrens' forming teeth? Where are the more extensive studies on flouridation or xylitol? And so on. And why were these things not done twenty years ago? So, it is not unreasonable to have limited trust in a CDC that can't even handle well the most common disfiguring communicable disease in the USA which may cause additional nutritional-related disease for a lifetime.
One also does not have to be completely paranoid to question the US CDC's priorities; after all, the very name is "center for disease control" not "center for increasing wellness". (It's true their name includes "and prevention" and their mission is supposedly broader.) One might expect an organization with that name to favor "disease control" right now over risks to "long term wellness" later. So, it is not unreasonable to speculate that the US CDC is caught up in some sort of group think related to its common name and its mission, perhaps equivalent to how a conventional farmer will spray pesticide on sickly plants to try to control disease in them. But, as any organic farmer would tell you, feed the soil to feed the plants, and well-fed healthy plants have less diseases. The problem is, the CDC has no deep mandate to feed the soil of a health society; it mainly has a mandate to "control disease", even if, it is true, the mandate is supposed to be    So, it seems that even when people at the CDC realize these issues, there is little they can do about them. It has a budget of about US$6 billion a year. But that is only about US$20 a person in the USA, which is a tiny amount for a country with a GDP of about US$14 trillion.
Anyway, it seems the one biggest lever the CDC has to pull on is recommending mandatory vaccination. So, maybe being mostly people who mean well, in desperation the CDC pulls on that level as hard as it can, to try to turn this Titanic society away from the iceberg of disease and towards an ocean of wellness. But what happens if the CDC has pulled so hard on that one lever that the lever has broken off in its collective hands? Maybe that is what is happening now with growing distrust of the CDC's recommendations about flu vaccinations?
But, if one thinks about this cost/benefit analysis as above, especially in a culture like the USA without free-to-the-user public health care to cover medical and social costs if something were to go wrong with a vaccine, then mandating vaccines seems one more unwarranted government intrusion. Mandatory flu vaccination, like fining people without health insurance, becomes an unfunded mandate that socializes costs and risks to the poor individual while perhaps providing dubious benefits compared to alternatives (like Vitamin-D pills or getting more outdoor exercise, in the case of the flu). Granted, in the USA, vaccines are often provided free-of-charge to people without insurance, but a lifetime of follow up care in the case of big problems usually is not provided. So, that is why compulsory mass vaccination is an unfunded mandate. In, say, Cuba or France, that equation would be different, as one would expect the health care system to take responsibility for the lifetime costs of vaccination problems, even *without* having to "prove" the problems are linked with vaccination, as is required in the USA.
The US CDC may work with what it has to promote health, as might any overworked family practice physician, but sadly, that is not much. Too little time. Too little resources. Too little openness for conversation to talk about levers breaking off. And, too little money to explore alternatives (US$6 billion), especially in a public and open way. But, in contrast, we're up to a trillion US dollars a year for US "defense", as if there would be much to defend if a sickly USA succumbs to a big plague because it is stressed out, with people either overworked or unemployed, and because children are crammed together in disease incubators called schools so their parents can work and child rearing costs can be minimized. It would be very funny in an ironic way if it were not all so sad.
In a hundred years, or maybe even only twenty or thirty, with a better understanding of the human immune system and the ecology and evolution of disease within a technological society, no doubt this vaccination decision will be easier to make along the lines Ryan suggests, where we know as much about these things as we do about the risks and benefits of wearing seat belts in automobiles. But we are not anywhere near there yet, IMHO. That study at the start shows that; as "elegant" as it claims to be, it was done after decades of uncertainty and using the general population as guinea pigs (assuming you even believe that study, or that it applies to all vaccines no matter where they are made and no matter what the formulation). Ultimately, what kind of health care policy is that, to compel mass vaccinations and then see what happens?
Anyway, part of what p2p is doing here is obviously giving more weight to the anecdotes and personal stories (like of parents whose children have died, developed profound autism suddenly, or developed Type-1 Diabetes, and so on). One can ask, is there any way those anecdotes could be organized in a way to give one a better ability to truly assess those risks?
But the other thing p2p does is give a chance to talk about the meta issues surrounding all this, in a way that those at the US CDC and similar agencies in other countries may be bureaucratically incapable of for the reasons Chomsky outlines (even if they mean well and individuals there may think on these themes).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-08 21:36:30
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How effective is the flu shot? [Greg Laden's 
Greg Laden suggests essentially that anyone who believes vitamins help prevent flu is a "moron":
   "How effective is the flu shot? "
"In conclusion, no, it is not 1%. It is closer to 70 to 90% just like the CDC says, on average, for people not otherwise at risk who are under 65. If you don't get vaccinated because you think vaccines are dangerous or you think you can avoid the flu by taking vitamins then you are a moron. If you do't get vaccinated because you think the flu vaccine is only 1% effective then you are ... an entirely different kind of moron. Either way, get a shot and don't be a moron. The person you give the flu to because you didn't get the shot may be one of those that dies. Wouldn't that be smart. Not."
Guess he has not read this:
"Vitamin D deficiency linked to more colds and flu"
"Is sunshine more than just a home remedy for a cold? New research suggests it may be: In a study that will be published tomorrow, people with low levels of vitamin D ? also known as the "sunshine vitamin" ? were more likely to catch cold and flu than folks with adequate amounts. The effect of the vitamin was strongest in people with asthma and other lung diseases who are predisposed to respiratory infections."
Links to:
   General google search:
   More on the general issue of benefits of the flu shot:
   A study in the New England Journal of Medicine reported that the influenza vaccine was not associated with a reduced rate of pneumonia in older people. More elderly people are taking the vaccine, but there has not been reduced rates of death from influenza. A study in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews in 2006 revealed that the flu vaccine was no more effective in young children than a placebo. ... According to a study in the Archives of Pediatric and Adolescent Medicine, flu shots had no correlation between hospitalization and doctor visits through two flu seasons.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends that children from six months to 18 years of age receive a yearly flu shot. It has long been recommended that older people get an annual flu shot.
And further:
According to Dr. Mercola. there is evidence that flu shots could cause Alzheimer's disease in adults and possibly autism in children.#  According to Dr. Mercola, vitamin D is the best immunization against influenza, and it is plentiful in sunshine. He suggests vitamin D supplements for people who live in areas with a sun deficiency during the flu season. Dr. Mercola suggests eating nutritiously and avoiding sugar. He also suggests increasing the omega-3 fats in your diet, which include fatty fish, flax seed and walnut oil. He also recommends eating garlic. Dr. Mercola promotes having an exercise program. He also suggests washing your hands regularly, and addressing any emotional stress going on in your life. Olive leaf extract is recommended with its many antiviral properties. Getting extra sleep will give you strength in the fight against influenza. It is always a good idea to stay away from people who are sneezing, coughing and show flu symptoms.
So, by not getting enough vitamin D, this science blogger is putting others around him at risk of dying. But worse, he then tells others not to explore these issues themselves. So, this "science blogger" ignores the results of scientific research, as well a common sense that nutrition is linked to health, and then calls people names for thinking other than he does. And then proceeds to put both himself and everyone who listens to him at risk for contracting and spreading flu. And, he apparently then feels very self-righteous about all that, like he is doing a big public service. His advice about the flu shot may (or may not) be accurate; but his advice about vitamins is certainly off-base.
So, I guess this is how science works? :-) Ironically, that is the way science often does work, at least behind the scenes. :-)
 From a farside cartoon:
"Your research paper is too similar to the research  goals of my friend reviewer  reviewer  doesn't like your haircut. Manuscript Decision: Or in more technical terms:
   Other kinds of dishonesty will also become more common. For example, peer review, one of the crucial pillars of the whole edifice, is in critical danger. Peer review is used by scientific journals to decide what papers to publish, and by granting agencies such as the National Science Foundation to decide what research to support. Journals in most cases, and agencies in some cases operate by sending manuscripts or research proposals to referees who are recognized experts on the scientific issues in question, and whose identity will not be revealed to the authors of the papers or proposals. Obviously, good decisions on what research should be supported and what results should be published are crucial to the proper functioning of science.
   Peer review is usually quite a good way to identify valid science. Of course, a referee will occasionally fail to appreciate a truly visionary or revolutionary idea, but by and large, peer review works pretty well so long as scientific validity is the only issue at stake. However, it is not at all suited to arbitrate an intense competition for research funds or for editorial space in prestigious journals. There are many reasons for this, not the least being the fact that the referees have an obvious conflict of interest, since they are themselves competitors for the same resources. This point seems to be another one of those relativistic anomalies, obvious to any outside observer, but invisible to those of us who are falling into the black hole. It would take impossibly high ethical standards for referees to avoid taking advantage of their privileged anonymity to advance their own interests, but as time goes on, more and more referees have their ethical standards eroded as a consequence of having themselves been victimized by unfair reviews when they were authors. Peer review is thus one among many examples of practices that were well suited to the time of exponential expansion, but will become increasingly dysfunctional in the difficult future we face.
   We must find a radically different social structure to organize research and education in science after The Big Crunch. That is not meant to be an exhortation. It is meant simply to be a statement of a fact known to be true with mathematical certainty, if science is to survive at all. The new structure will come about by evolution rather than design, because, for one thing, neither I nor anyone else has the faintest idea of what it will turn out to be, and for another, even if we did know where we are going to end up, we scientists have never been very good at guiding our own destiny. Only this much is sure: the era of exponential expansion will be replaced by an era of constraint. Because it will be unplanned, the transition is likely to be messy and painful for the participants. In fact, as we have seen, it already is. Ignoring the pain for the moment, however, I would like to look ahead and speculate on some conditions that must be met if science is to have a future as well as a past.
   It seems to me that there are two essential and clearly linked conditions to consider. One is that there must be a broad political consensus that pure research in basic science is a common good that must be supported from the public purse. The second is that the mining and sorting operation I've described must be discarded and replaced by genuine education in science, not just for the scientific elite, but for all the citizens who must form that broad political consensus.
On his general theme or cost/benefit, it's a slippery subject, but by general logic, if only 5% to 20% of people get the flu in one year, a flu shot can't be much more effective than that even if it is 100% effective. See:
   "In the United States, on average 5% to 20% of the population gets the flu"
And, as he suggests, citing:
flu shots are sometimes only about 50% effective (sometimes they help not at all, sometimes they may help a lot, although some suggest there is a window where a flu shot makes you more vulnerable to the flu immediately afterward). So, if 5% gets the flu, and there are hardly any severe symptoms, and the flu shot is not very effective, then yes, the benefit to you of getting a flu shot could be in the 1% range of likely benefit in some years. H1N1 this year may be that case (even as, there may be some people in that 1% who might benefit from it greatly). Even if 20% of people get the flu, and the flu shot is 100% effective, and the flu is severe, then that is only 20% effectiveness in that sense for getting a shot. So, is it worth the risk of any shot? Well, it depends on how safe you think the shots are, and what your risk is of getting a severe flu. Note that many people can minimize their time exposed to crowded flu-prone situations, and many people can also do things suggested to improve their immune systems, so for someone in that situation, a flu shot might not make as much sense as for others. Surprisingly, those you most expect to get flu shots, medical workers, have less than a 40% rate of getting them:
   "Even health care workers reject flu shots"
  But, however safe flu shots might be, multiply the risks of getting a flu shot by 80 times for each year of your life. Maybe health care workers think about stuff like that? Of course, maybe the future of medicine lies in teleoperated robots to prevent the spread of diseases? :-)
      Let's say you get the multi-dose version with mercury (still using it   One version: "The single-dose formulation is preservative-free; thimerosal, a mercury derivative, is not used in the manufacturing process for this formulation. The multi-dose formulation contains thimerosal, added as a preservative; each 0.5 mL dose contains 24.5 mcg of mercury. "
Now, a microgram is one millionth of a gram. So, this is 24 millionths of a gram. Multiply this over a lifetime exposure for flu shots as recommended by about 100 times. So, that is about 2.4 thousandths of a gram of mercury lifetime exposure, from flu shots or 0.0024 gram of mercury injected into your body. Or 2.4 milligrams.
Is that total amount dangerous? Well, it may depend how much body burden your body has already of heavy metals, as well as how good your body is at sequestering them or excreting them. People working on the autism-mercury link (or maybe also now the alzheimer-mercury/aluminum link) hypothesize some people are better at excreting heavy metals than other. Clearly, mercury is not good for you (among the other things in vaccinations not good for you). See:
"Outbreaks of methylmercury poisoning have made it clear that adults, children, and developing fetuses are at risk from dietary exposure to methylmercury. During these poisoning outbreaks some mothers with no symptoms of nervous system damage gave birth to infants with severe disabilities and it became clear that the developing nervous system of the fetus may be more vulnerable to methylmercury than is the adult nervous system."
But, the question is, is that much mercury OK? That's what part of the controversy is about. As well as the general issue of, why is it still there? Are there no safer alternatives? How much money is saved by having multi-dose containers? People don't even want preservatives in their food nowadays if they can avoid them.
Also note that ingested mercury may only be absorbed slightly (less than    "Animal data indicate that less than 0.01% of ingested mercury is absorbed through the intact gastrointestinal tract; though it may not be true for individuals suffering from ileus."
Injected mercury may sit in the body for a long time and be completely So, the mercury in a shot may have 10000 times the effect the same amount of inorganic mercury ingested might have. By that standard, a lifetime of flu shots may be equivalent to ingesting about 24 grams of mercury. That might be a lethal dose if you got it all at once. From:
   "The acute lethal dose for most inorganic mercury compounds for an adult is 1 to 4 grams (g) or 14 to 57 milligrams per kilogram body weight (mg/kg) for a 70-kg person. "
Of course, you don't get it all at once. It's been said "the dose makes the poison", though on the other hand, what is good for one creature may be poison for another. But even these tiny amounts, injected directly in ways that bypass the bodies normal ways of dealing with heavy metals or other things, may add up.
I'd suspect that many people are not even aware mercury is still used in shots at this point. It surprised me to see it there still.
So, I don't really know how safe that flu shot is, or how effective it is, especially if you plan to get it every year like recommended. But, I do know that it seems supplementing with Vitamin D and using other wellness strategies really do work to prevent some flu as well as minimize the symptoms, with very low risk.
By the way, it's also anecdotal that having Lyme disease, due to its autoimmune aspects, greatly reduces the number of colds and flus you get, although I don't recommend that approach to preventing the flu. :-) Sometimes the cure is worse than the disease. :-) But it could be an interesting area of research, if the medical community was not mostly denying Lyme disease as a chronic problem. This book has a somewhat herbal approach to treating chronic Lyme disease:
"Lyme disease has become the fastest-growing infectious disease transmitted by ticks (or other vectors) in the United States, but still remains a condition that is frequently misunderstood, overlooked, and misdiagnosed. Written by a leading practitioner of Lyme-aware medicine, this comprehensive guide will reveal to you the facts about this very serious disease - symptoms of which can mimic cardiac, neurological, and rheumatoid conditions - and will tell you what you need to know about the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of Lyme disease. Kenneth B. Singleton, M.D., M.P.H., is a board-certified physician specializing in internal medicine. One of the most trusted voices in the medical field of Lyme disease today, Dr. Singleton earned his master's degree of public health from Johns Hopkins University and received training in acupuncture from UCLA. He completed his training in internal medicine at Wright State University in Dayton, Ohio, and has been practicing medicine since 1981. His medical practice is located in Towson, Alas, rather than spend billions of dollars researching and treating a real epidemic like Lyme disease, one that even infected the previous president of the USA and may have been responsible for trillions of dollars of bad decisions like Iraq, the US medical establishment instead sees fit to focus billions on H1N1 while denying that Lyme disease is a serious problem.
Oh, and the vaccine for Lyme disease? Apparently, anecdotally, it often gave you Lyme disease.
But the manufacturer said it was withdrawn due to "poor sales".
Benjamin Luft, a panel member from the Department of Medicine
University Hospital and Medical Center Health Sciences Center at the
State University of New York at Stony Brook, described the "twilight
zone" of the "disconnect" between the patient testimony and the
sponsor's denial of significant adverse events. ...
  For those investigating LYMErix outside the FDA-pharma circle, the
questions just mount. Is the vaccine sparking a devastating autoimmune
reaction that places a third of its recipients at risk for something
much worse, much less treatable, than Lyme disease? Is it igniting
asymptomatic Lyme disease (an entity researchers now say may be as
pervasive as the symptomatic kind), revealing infection with the Bb
spirochete to be persistent or far more common than generally thought?
Do the bizarre Western blot patterns reflect a raging, expansive immune
response to the OspA molecule, as Paul Fawcett believes, suggesting
that Lyme disease pathology is still misunderstood? Or are the bands
merely artifacts, testament to gross misinterpretation of lab results
by the field's leading lights going back years? Are the answers even
knowable in the face of what could be the ultimate nightmare scenario -
vaccine trials performed according to a disease definition that is
incomplete, arbitrary, or wrong? Perhaps most pertinent, why are we
asking these questions now, after the product's release?
   The problem may stem from the race to market LYMErix.  ...
A result of that competition, says one scientist close to the action,
was pressure to complete clinical trials so the vaccine could move
through the approval process. "And in retrospect," he says, "the
approval itself was rushed, mainly because it was not known how often
booster immunizations would be needed and what the consequences of
getting or not getting the booster would be."
Lots more in that last link about complete disagreements about how safe and effective LYMErix was. But, never an admission of problems.
Now, the last Swine flu mass immunization rushed out in the 1970s created autoimmune disorders. LYMErix apparently did so too, around the 1990s. But, everyone says it won't happen this time with this new H1N1 vaccine that has been rushed out. I hope they are right.
Still, maybe this whole set of issues should call into question vaccination as a good approach to deal with new and emerging health threats, compared to building up general health or doing research into new areas, including a lot more basic research into the human immune system and the management of the ecology and evolution of microbes?
But, this issues goes way back:
   The 100-page 1911 Preface to The Doctor?s Dilemma is part of the lifelong battle he waged against the medical profession. His writings on the subject range from an 1887 book review attacking vivisection through the 1931 collection of articles comprising Doctors? Delusions to the 1944 summary comments in Everybody?s Political What?s What? As Shaw declared doctors fair game, he portrayed more than 20 physicians in his dramatic works, although they are more likely to be fools than the knaves found in Moli?re. Throughout, the controlling theme is victimization as Shaw?s suspicions set the doctor against the patient.
   While the nature of his attack was peculiar, the underlying reasons were rooted in biography. In 1881 despite being vaccinated, Shaw caught smallpox. He claimed to be unblemished but his chin and jaw were pockmarked, marks concealed by growing the famous beard. Psychologically marked as well by his encounter with the dread disease, he proceeded to attack doctors and the vaccination that failed to protect him. For him, vaccination was Edward Jenner?s stunt, a stunt that managed to kill one baby a week. In addition to Jenner, Shaw specifically attacked Louis Pasteur and Joseph Lister. The three men had one thing in common: their fame rested on controlling micro-organisms. Shaw denounced the trio as murderers posing as saviours of    Despite his animus, Shaw counted physicians among his friends, including controversial bacteriologist Sir Almroth Wright, the model for Sir Colenso Ridgeon in The Doctor?s Dilemma. Ridgeon?s dilemma, the morality of saving one life over another, was one that Shaw had discussed with Wright. Additionally, Shaw listened to Wright?s latest theories on vaccine therapy, including Wright?s belief that microbes are vehicles of disease but not the cause, a belief which earned him the label Almroth Wrong from his colleagues.
Shaw may have been wrong about many things (like the value of disinfectants). But, the notion that microbes are the vehicles of disease, but no the cause, may be an important insight still not fully explored by modern science. After all, if germs caused disease by themselves, why do doctors not all die of infectious diseases in a few years of practice? There must be some reason the doctors do not get those diseases. And that something may be good nutrition or a positive attitude or humor or some other aspects of wealth that all relate to having a healthy immune system able to handle infectious diseases well, at least if you avoid a lot of direct exposure to the worst of them or practice good hygiene.
Anyway, the behavior of 60% of medical workers wanting to avoid the vaccine seems very telling, that maybe they understand Sir Almroth Wright's points more and more. Clearly, there is a conflict here in more than just "the CDC vs. an uninformed public" when most health care worker are apparently rejecting the vaccine.
On Sir Almroth Wright:
   Wright warned early on that antibiotics would create resistant bacteria, something that has proven an increasing danger. He made his thoughts on preventive medicine influential, stressing preventive measures. Wright's ideas have been re-asserted recently ? 50 years after his death ? by modern researchers in articles in such periodicals as Scientific American.
   He also proposed that logic be introduced as a part of medical training, but his idea was never adopted. Wright also pointed out that Pasteur and Fleming, although both excellent researchers, had not actually managed to find cures for the diseases which they had sought cures, but instead had stumbled upon cures for totally unrelated diseases.
Interesting -- so, doctors don't have to know much about logic?
And of course, remember what happened to the doctor who suggested hand washing would save lives:
   Semmelweis was outraged by the indifference of the medical profession and began writing open and increasingly angry letters to prominent European obstetricians, at times denouncing them as irresponsible murderers. His contemporaries, including his wife, believed he was losing his mind, and in 1865 he was committed to an asylum. In an ironic twist of fate, he died there of septicaemia only 14 days later, possibly after being severely beaten by guards. Semmelweis' practice only earned widespread acceptance years after his death, when Louis Pasteur developed the germ theory of disease which offered a theoretical explanation for Semmelweis' findings. He is considered a pioneer of antiseptic procedures.
Guess, at the time, Greg Laden might have called Wright and Semmelweis "morons"? Same as it seems he would probably call Mercola a "moron" for suggesting vitamins and so on can help prevent the flu?
Nutrition (including fasting) and other cheap aspects of a healthy life and strong immune system like good sleep seem truly to be the undiscovered country of our modern profit-driven medicine system, however much individual practitioners know the importance of these things. Well, OK, there are other alternative practices too. :-)
This might no bother me so much if people like Gred Laden (or Ryan) did not seem so ready to lock up people or blame others as being killers for disagreeing with aspects of the medical status quo's current riorities and practices, especially given clear evidence when things have gone wrong in the past. Again, nothing personal is meant here. One can see this sort of thing all over the blogosphere. And in all different ways on various sides.
I'm sure Greg Laden means well, and he makes some good points and brings up an important issue. But somehow, there is a point where perceived scientific "certainty" crosses over into action (like, trying to blame the unvaccinated for causing people's deaths, even if there may be some truth to that, as part of a bigger system, if one might also, say, include some blame for apparent conflict-of-interests leading people to mistrust vaccine recommendations in the first place).
Ryan is right to bring up the issue of "legitimacy". Perhaps another way to phrase that is "confidence". What causes, say, Greg Laden to be so confident about vaccinations that he can say those who think nutrition is important in fighting disease are "morons"? I know he doesn't say that exactly, but he sure implies it. What is it about linking oneself to the major current well-funded scientific authorities that causes that?
Do the major current scientific authorities getting the big bucks in research grants these days even still have a claim to very much more legitimacy than others, in the same way that Fox News or the New York Times might (or might not) a claim to legitimacy on political reporting over bloggers because they have a big audience and lots of working capital? Maybe, as Kevin Carson suggested here (as well as Ryan did elsewhere):
"Fact-checking" for the blogosphere works
about the same as for Wikipedia:  it's not a function of the
individual blogger, but of the relationship between bloggers.  And I
suspect the blogosphere collectively stacks up pretty well against
"professional" journalists when it comes to fact-checking.  Any error
of fact or reasoning in a major blog is subject to being ruthlessly
exposed by other bloggers.
So, has the blogosphere essentially taken over a key aspect of science reporting as well as changing the dynamics of moving from science studies to public policy?
Anyway, this issue of "legitimacy", also linked to "certainty", and then further linked to "advocacy", is, as Ryan suggests, very interesting. And this vaccine debate is, in miniature, as Michel suggests, a place to explore that perhaps. No doubt it will be the subject of many PhD theses in years to come. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-09 12:35:56
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How effective is the flu shot? (vitamin D) 
Glad we've found something we can agree on in this area. :-)
You've probably seen this site that I stumbled across yesterday?
 Two systems exist in your body to fight infections, the innate or immediate system and the acquired or adaptive immune system that makes antibodies. Recent evidence indicates seasonal impairments of the antimicrobial peptide (AMPs) systems are crucial to impaired innate immunity, impairments caused by seasonal fluctuations in 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] levels. The evidence that vitamin D has profound effects on innate immunity is rapidly    Unlike adaptive immunity, innate immunity is that branch of host defense that is "hard-wired" to respond rapidly to microorganisms using genetically encoded effectors that are ready for activation by an antigen before the body has ever encountered that antigen. Of the effectors, the best studied are the antimicrobial peptides (AMPs). Both epithelial tissues and phagocytic blood cells produce AMPs; they exhibit rapid and broad-spectrum antimicrobial activity against bacteria, fungi, and viruses. In general, they act by rapidly and irreversibly damaging the lipoprotein membranes of microbial targets, including enveloped viruses, like influenza.
Although at that last link the MD running it recommends both a lot of Vitamin D and a flu shot. :-) Something for everyone there. :-)
Although, apparently, even in the Vitamin D world there is controversy. :-)
There are others who disagree somewhat with the Vitamin D for health idea like Trevor Marshall.
Marshall has proposed that chronic diseases can be treated by activating the innate immune response by regular doses of an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (being used as a Vitamin D Receptor agonist).[1][2] Patients also take pulsed low doses of bacteriostatic antibiotics and avoid consumption of Vitamin D. ... Dr. John Cannell of the Vitamin D Council spoke out against the Marshall Protocol in the April 2008 edition of his Vitamin D newsletter[45], stating that "No one in the vitamin D field takes [Marshall] I can wonder if there is some complexity in there about levels or other immune dysfunction; for example, if you have an autoimmune disorder but the wrong level of Vitamin D might make it worse somehow? I know in the Lyme disease community (one aspect of Lyme may be the bacteria cloaking themselves in your bodies own proteins) or some other communities related to diseases with autoimmune disorders, there is talk about not overstimulating your immune system in some situations (the immune system seems something that has to be kept in balance).
Related, from the Vitamin D council site, on balance through excess: :-)
   My best guess [on pandemic nasty flu protection] is that 5,000 IU/day and a 25(OH)D of > 50 ng/mL will be at least partially protective. Remember, at 50 ng/mL, you are assured that you are not suffering from substrate starvation, that is, your body has enough Vitamin D for its needs and some left over to store. At a level of 30 ng/mL, most people are still suffering from Vitamin D substrate starvation.
   As I have written before, 25(OH)D levels are like water from a mountain spring. The topmost pool is the calcium economy. When that pool is full, excess 25(OH)D flows down to hundreds of pools below, cancer, heart disease, infection, etc. In a lethal pandemic, you want Vitamin D to do two things, increase production of natural antibiotics (AMPs) and quell excessive immune responses. Are these two pools at the same level? Is the AMP pool above the cytokine dampening pool? If so, people with 25(OH)D levels of 30 ng/mL may have enough D to strengthen their innate immunity but not enough to prevent the cytokine storm that kills in a lethal pandemic. Thus, people taking only 1,000?2,000 IU/day, with levels around 30 ng/mL, may risk death from a cytokine storm their body is unable to prevent. While only a theory, it would explain why the people with the allegedly highest 25(OH)D levels in both Mexico and 1918 (young adults) were the most likely to die. That is why I caution people that, if you are going to take Vitamin D, take enough, take 5,000 IU/day, which is usually enough to get your 25(OH)D levels into the mid range of the reference range (30?100 ng/mL), which would be 50?70 ng/mL.
So perhaps not enough Vitamin D could be worse than being too low on it in some cases of a very bad flu? I don't know. So much to know. Such a complex system, the human body.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-09 21:08:24
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How effective is the flu shot? (vitamin D) 
I  don't understand why the CDC does not promote Vitamin D more then?
I read somewhere the RDA was last revised something like fifteen years ago and is ten times too low for almost everyone (well, assuming you get little from sunlight, which is true for most US Americans)?
I'd be curious what you thought about the explanation at that site in relation to the flu and vitamin D:
   Antimicrobial peptides protect mucosal epithelial surfaces by creating a hostile antimicrobial barricade. The epithelia secrete them constitutively into the thin layer of fluid that lies above the apical surface of the epithelium but below the viscous mucous layer. To effectively access the epithelium, a microbe must first infiltrate the mucous barrier and then survive assault by the AMPs present in this fluid. Should microbes breach this constitutive cordon, their binding to the epithelium rapidly mobilizes the expression of high concentrations of specific inducible AMPs, which provide a backup antimicrobial shield.
   The crucial role of vitamin D in the innate immune system was discovered only very recently. Both epithelial cells and macrophages increase expression of the antimicrobial cathelicidin upon exposure to microbes, an expression that is dependent upon the presence of vitamin D. Pathogenic microbes stimulate the production of an enzyme that converts 25(OH)D to 1,25(OH)2D, a seco-steroid hormone. This in turn rapidly activates a suite of genes involved in pulmonary defense.
=== On cost effectiveness of promoting Vitamin D vs. flu vaccination
I've seen figures for the amount the USA is spending to vaccinate against swine flu (producing 260 million doses) of from US$1.5 billion to US$6 billion.
"US officials combat public's wariness of swine flu vaccine"
One message in the $3 billion campaign to get nearly half of all Americans inoculated: "A decision not to get vaccinated isn't a decision that is risk-free, but a decision to take on a different set of risks," Glen Nowak, a CDC spokesman, told the Monitor.
"Swine Flu Cases Rise; CDC Urges Vaccination"
"US school swine flu event shows vaccine challenge"
"Only about 20 percent of U.S. children get vaccinated against seasonal flu in a typical year. Some parents, including many at Dodge Park Elementary, are holding back on H1N1 vaccination because of worries about the newness of the vaccine -- concerns that health officials say are unfounded.""
It seems that if no one gets vaccinated, and the flu is not bad, the CDC will have another public relations problem justifying that, especially if it is left with a majority of unused doses.
I'm not saying the investment was not justified, even though, as a priority I might have spent it elsewhere like Lyme disease research, but really, the USA has plenty of money to do all these things. I understand the CDC is in a difficult position, where if it guesses wrong, it gets blamed either way.
But clearly, if it knows that 20% of US children get vaccinated for regular flu (which is still far more deadly historically than swine flu at this point, even though that could change), then the CDC must know it would be facing a big problem. But, still it committed billions to this.
Now, using you US$0.25 for Vitamin D pills, that's about US$100 a year per person in the USA for Vitamin D. Granted it is not always needed:
  But to giving a year of these Vitamin D pills to everyone in the USA, assuming wholesale is half the price, plus maybe half again for a quantity discount if production increased, would be about US$25 per person, or about US$7.5 billion for a year of pills for everyone in the USA. But because so much of the USA is sunny, it might make sense to give only the pills for winter, or give them only to northerners, so you probably could get good coverage on only US$3 billion of free pills.
How would the free pills get distributed? Coupons? At clinics? I don't know but it seems solvable. :-)
Now, given most people (80%?) would take the pills if they were presented well and free, and much fewer people (20%? 30%?) is usually willing to get a flu shot routinely, is this not a much better use of the CDC's money on this? Plus you improve health in other ways too (stronger bones, healthier teeth, less cancer, etc.).
Now, why does the CDC not do this if they have to make a choice? The USA is a wealthy country, so maybe it could do both, but as an investment, it would seem the flu vaccine was the foolish choice if you could only have one? And apparently, they only did the one and not the other.
Or, why doesn't the CDC at least tell everyone what you just said so they can buy it themselves?
Or why don't they increase the RDA for Vitamin D by several times?
Or, why do they not even push vastly more research on Vitamin D if they are Anyway, why is the CDC so out of touch with promoting good nutrition, when it will readily turn over billions to companies to make vaccines?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-09 22:44:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Vitamin D and health (skin color issues) 
=== on skin color issues as they relate to Vitamin D
I hope this doesn't come across as racist, but in the USA, I've seen references to the fact that people of darker skins living in the north of the USA have more problems with some specific health issues (including higher rates of some mental illness etc.) perhaps because of this Vitamin D Basically, skin color is adapted to latitude (distance from the equator). The farther north or south you are of the equator, the lighter you skin should be to get more Vitamin D (as a tradeoff against increased skin cancer risk and sunburn risk if you lived nearer the equator with lighter skin). Of course, Vitamin D supplements and sunscreen mean anyone of any skin darkness can healthily live anywhere they want to (and I think they should. :-)
But if this Vitamin D issue is not understood, with pregnant mothers *not* getting enough Vitamin D (and babies after birth, and the couple before they conceive), it may mean lots of needless suffering for dark skinned families living in more northern climates. And the problem is getting worse, since everyone spends more time indoors now, so presumably the Vitamin D deficiency issue is made even worse for people with darker skins with continued cultural changes to spend more time indoors and who may have had low levels of Vitamin D to begin with.
Clearly, something is known about this scientifically; something from 2006:
   Vitamin D insufficiency is more prevalent among African Americans (blacks) than other Americans and, in North America, most young, healthy blacks do not achieve optimal 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations at any time of year. This is primarily due to the fact that pigmentation reduces vitamin D production in the skin. Also, from about puberty and onward, median vitamin D intakes of American blacks are below recommended intakes in every age group, with or without the inclusion of vitamin D from supplements. Despite their low 25(OH)D levels, blacks have lower rates of osteoporotic fractures. This may result in part from bone-protective adaptations that include an intestinal resistance to the actions of 1,25(OH)2D and a skeletal resistance to the actions of parathyroid hormone (PTH). However, these mechanisms may not fully mitigate the harmful skeletal effects of low 25(OH)D and elevated PTH in blacks, at least among older individuals. Furthermore, it is becoming increasingly apparent that vitamin D protects against other chronic conditions, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and some cancers, all of which are as prevalent or more prevalent among blacks than whites. Clinicians and educators should be encouraged to promote improved vitamin D status among blacks (and others) because of the low risk and low cost of vitamin D supplementation and its potentially broad health benefits."
The place where I saw that first was in reference to minority families in the North being blamed for abuse because of broken bones in their children, when the problem may really just be rickets (Vitamin D deficiency).
"The debate: Rickets or child abuse?"
Also, is there a possibility of increased H1N1 flu severity related to skin color and Vitamin D? See:
"Cases of swine flu higher among city blacks, Hispanics"
The new report about swine flu?s variable racial and ethnic impact opens yet another window into a novel virus that has killed at least 447 across the country. But disease specialists cautioned that the preliminary data from Boston provide clues but no definitive answer.
   ?It?s definitely a very important observation that we need to track,?? said Dr. Alfred DeMaria, top disease tracker at the state Department of Public Health. ?But we don?t want to overinterpret it until we have more and better information.?? ...
   The Boston disease specialists found that of the 71 city residents hospitalized with swine flu, 49 percent were African-American, and 28 percent were Hispanic. In both cases, the hospitalization rates were double each group?s overall presence in Boston?s population. ...
   The city investigators said the higher rates may also be a legacy of poverty and the demands of low-wage work. Parents in such jobs, Barry said, find themselves unable to stay home to care for ailing children because a day away from work means a day without pay. As a result, ill children are sometimes sent to school.
But isn't this fascinating? The public health people say they do not have a clue about why there would be any difference, and here we are with one possible obvious answer. So, a simple thing like Vitamin D deficiency might be leading to all sorts of racially related issues which are otherwise linked to other explanations.
So, how does this move from the blogosphere to public health people considering it? How can people in public health be missing stuff like this? Maybe the focus on vaccination instead of nutrition or other wellness aspects (like sunlight exposure) has clouded and narrowed their perceptions?
Although, now that I look, I see this:
"Despite Anti-Vitamin D Bias, CDC Stumbles on Deficiency Link to H1N1 Deaths"
So far, Swine flu, H1N1, has killed thirty-six children in U.S. and analysis of CDC data indicates Vitamin D deficient children at higher risk of death. The CDC did not realize they discovered this. However, anyone familiar with the Vitamin D literature will recognize it. Almost two-thirds of the dead children had epilepsy, cerebral palsy, or other neurodevelopmental conditions like mental retardation. All of these neurological conditions are associated with childhood Vitamin D deficiency. Exacerbating the problem further, many of these kids take anticonvulsant drugs, which lower Vitamin D levels. 58 million American children are Vitamin D deficient; 7.6 million are severely deficient. When researchers looked at more than 6,000 American kids (age one to 21) who were carefully selected to be representative of the average American child. 9 percent of the kids had 25(OH)D levels less than 15 ng/mL and 70 percent had levels less than 30 ng/mL.
Maybe this skin color issue is another too big kettle of worms, like arguing over the science and cost-effectiveness and risk of vaccines? :-)
But clearly, the skin color issue just makes this more extreme. Everyone is effected. And pediatricians can be clueless. When our child was an infant, I asked my pediatrician if we should give extra Vitamin D because it was winter and we live in the North, and she said not to. How much was my child limited by that "advice" by a health care professional?
Anyway, here is a historic related example of possible political correctness perhaps preventing the understanding of Vitamin D issues (assuming this is Schizophrenia more common in those with dark skin
   Before I describe the remarkable paper from Harvard, I want to compliment researchers at the Saint Barthomew's Hospital in England for almost saying what most psychiatrists already know; the incidence of schizophrenia is much higher in people with dark skin. In the 1970s and 80s, that was an accepted fact, until charges of racism were leveled against the American Psychiatric Association (APA). The spineless APA promptly did retrospective chart analyses and announced the incidence of schizophrenia is exactly ? precisely ? the same for Blacks as it is for Whites. The ethnicity question is important as the Vitamin D theory is not tenable unless darker skin means a higher incidence.
   Actually, in 2007, a group at Columbia University appears to be the first to break with the APA's political correctness. Dr. Michaeline Bresnahan and her colleagues followed 12,000 children for up to 28 years after birth. African Americans were 3 (three) times more likely to develop schizophrenia than whites and socioeconomic factors could not explain away their findings.
Also mentioned here:
  "The International Journal of Epidemiology states in the study published in a recent issue, that: "The data indicate substantially elevated rates of schizophrenia among African Americans in comparison with whites in this birth cohort"."
   "African Americans are over-represented in high-need populations that are particularly at risk for mental illnesses: ..."
Now, granted, as with any study, there can be reasons of bias in the results. But, let's assume there is not for the moment, and there is a genuine difference for some reason.
In the more distant past, genetic reasons were blamed for racial differences, which was claimed to justify eugenics and racism. Thus the emphasis to show no disparities in something like schizophrenia, even to the point of redoing data or analysis, as suggested above. Still, this is an odd conclusion because if you look around, there are plenty of countries run for a long time by people with darker skins than most US Americans, and often doing a better job of it. :-)
Now people see the issues as more social related to ongoing discrimination, and as a legacy of slavery and poverty. For example, who would not get depressed more often if you had to deal with driving-while-black?
   It will be controversial to suggest Vitamin D is a big factor in any differences, because, first it means admitting differences (which has become politically incorrect), and then suggesting some of the differences are related to a physical cause will mean other arguments over other social spending being curtailed as if everything was solved with some vitamins. There will also be arguments over whether, due to a Vitamin D deficiency, people of darker skins in the USA may be more at risk of mental issues leading to anti-social behavior, and whether that would justify racial profiling. That would be potentially an explosive issue. That's an issue which would be a very hard to discuss socially for all sorts of reasons (including whether political correctness stopped an examination of this issue that might have decades earlier led to improvements in the health of people with dark skins). There are all sorts of ironic twists there, and all sorts of potential for racism and so on.
For the record, I advocate a basic income for everyone of any age and any color, as an economic equalizer: :-)
   And I think the US prison system has at least ten times too many prisoners than should be in there, of whatever colors:
   "The United States has the highest documented incarceration rate,[3][4] and total documented prison population in the world.[3][5][6] As of year-end 2007, a record 7.2 million people were behind bars, on probation or on parole. Of the total, 2.3 million were incarcerated.[7] More than 1 in 100 American adults were incarcerated at the start of 2008. The People's Republic of China ranks second with 1.5 million, while having four times the population, thus having only about 18% of the US incarceration rate"
Still, what if not *all* the reasons for these health disparities or crime disparities were socially caused by discrimination?  What if a significant part of it were just such a simple thing as people with darker skins living in the USA needing more Vitamin D than they get? If that were true, this would be a tremendous ongoing tragedy of miscommunication from political correctness and embarrassment and so on. It might even involve a tremendously complex discussion of political correctness sometimes harming people it was trying to help, by, as above, forcing scientists to ignore obvious issues, while at the same time not trying to let them off the hook when they justify racism:
      Still, even differences related to Vitamin D may well be considered yet another continuation of the brutal legacy of slavery, from ripping people from their homes and dumping them in another climate they were unfamiliar with in order to exploit them. So, even if there were differences in mental and physical health, including ones not fixable by getting more Vitamin D now, the question of how any differences should be handled is a complex one.
And maybe something too awkward for most to discuss face-to-face? :-)
(I've been editing and re-editing this, and it still no doubt has problems.)
Anyway, I don't want to suggest the USA does not have many social issues that need to be resolved; it does, big ones. Though often these days they are more problems of class than of race, based on this analysis by a black    "Why Anti-Racism Will Fail, by Thandeka"
   But, what if Vitamin D were an aspect of all this, anyway?
It's controversial to suggest people with darker skins in the USA are statistically suffering more physical and mental issues of specific types from birth, because that in turn might become fuel for discrimination, including claims of bad genes or bad culture or bad attitude and so on. That is of course not my intent, even as I raise the issue of differences. So, it's a difficult issue to address, to even admit to any disparities related to skin color.
Still, I bring it up anyway despite that risk because I don't want to see anyone of any color denied their potential because of such a simple and cheap thing like Vitamin D pills if that should prove important (and, if this research on Vitamin D is to be believed, it is, very important).
   The Dignitarian Foundation is an organization dedicated to promoting and protecting the intrinsic right to human dignity - the belief that as a person, one is automatically worthy, honorable, and deserving of respect, regardless of status, station or stage of life. We believe we can and must find alternatives to practices that harm individual dignity, instead of continuing to convey the toxic residue of these indignities down the line, from those with the most power to those with the least. Our mission is to overturn the consensus view that says it is acceptable to treat certain people and groups badly because other people are doing it or because you can get away with it. We invite you to join us in raising awareness within families, schools, workplaces and governments of the enormous personal and public costs arising from everyday insults to dignity. Collectively, we can dissolve unhealthy power imbalances and begin to create societies that not only acknowledge, but also actively celebrate, the inherent dignity in everyone.
Also related:
   Is this maybe Vitamin D deficiency some well known thing in, say, by most African Americans in the USA already?
   Example from this year, showing how this issue is heating up:
"Your Health: Skin color matters in the vitamin D debate"
   Can dark skin be a health hazard? It might be ? if you are a dark-skinned person who lives far from the equator, gets little sun exposure and consumes little vitamin D.
   Just how much vitamin D Americans need and how they should get it is under debate. Scientists also are debating evidence that vitamin D, best known for building bones, can lower the risk of cancer, diabetes, heart disease and other ailments.
   And they are asking this intriguing question: Could varying vitamin D levels contribute to the health gap between black and white Americans?
   ...
   John Flack, principal investigator at the Center for Urban and African American Health at Wayne State University, Detroit, says: "I think it's potentially a very important explanation for some of the differences, from hypertension to cancer to heart failure. The actual proof is not there, but it's plausible."
   But Flack adds that many factors contribute to African Americans' poorer health. Studies suggest those factors include reduced access to health care, pervasive barriers to healthful living (for example, neighborhoods that lack fresh groceries), differences in income and education and the stress of racial inequality itself.
   Solving those problems will be difficult, he says. Closing the vitamin D gap could be easier.
   It won't be as easy as recommending more sun exposure, however. Though someone in Boston with pale skin can get adequate vitamin D by exposing their arms and legs to the sun for 10 to 15 minutes twice a week in the summer, someone with the darkest skin might need two hours of exposure each time, Holick says. "It's impractical," he says, and it also darkens skin, which many people find cosmetically unacceptable.
   Dermatologists also warn that sun exposure increases the risk of skin cancer and wrinkling, even in dark-skinned people. ...
Anyway, lots of cans of worms here.
And obviously, there are nutritional issues that have nothing to do with race but may have everything to do with poverty or culture, like getting enough Omega-3 fatty acids or various other nutrients. So, there are all sorts of interactions in the USA between race, class, poverty, discrimination, and health. So, there is unlikely to be just one issue that explains everything, even if this Vitamin D issues may be important.
If there is any truth to too little Vitamin D leading to more physical and mental problems, and that this may have affected the African American experience in the USA negatively, then African Americans have been the "canary in the coal mine" of vitamin D deficiency in the USA? And, maybe there will eventually need to be a deep rethinking of many aspects of US history? And even, one can wonder what to make of the fact that President Obama (who just won a Nobel Peace Prize today) was conceived and raised as a young boy in sunny Hawaii? What would the USA have been like if more people with dark skins could have reached their potential? How many more "peace prizes" would the USA have won?
   In 1972, the UNCF adopted, as its motto, the maxim, "A mind is a terrible thing to waste." This maxim has become one of the most widely recognized slogans in advertising history.
Could a few hundred dollars worth of Vitamin D during pregnancy and in childhood per dark skinned mother and baby made a bigger difference than many thousands of dollars spent later on college? Difficult questions to explore? And was political correctness the reason this was not understood decades ago?
Still, the first three years (four including pregnancy) are very important for any child of any skin color:
   "We welcome you to ZERO TO THREE?s website. ZERO TO THREE is a national nonprofit organization that informs, trains and supports professionals, policymakers and parents in their efforts to improve the lives of infants and toddlers."
And, it's hard to know if Vitamin D really would make such a big difference compared to other things? No doubt, this will be a contentious issue for years to come.
   Anyway, it seems like almost everyone needs more Vitamin D. As we all spend more time indoors in front of screens, it would seem that skin color won't matter much, and we will all need to take the same amount of Vitamin D supplements, whatever our skin color. :-)
Perhaps this need for Vitamin D supplements will more and more even include people with dark skins living near the equator and spending more and more time indoors?
Anyway, a big, big can of worms for all sorts of reasons.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-10 09:19:27
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
Still, one fernhoutian is probably more than enough for any list. :-)
We're probably better off if you remain the best bauwensian you can be. :-)
Anyway, thanks to Dante for bringing the link to my attention; I posted it yesterday to the OM list as well. That is a beautiful factory, and a well made video that shows the potential of automation and better design to improve our lives (better design both of products and of production practices).
And I expect those trends to continue, especially as they begin to capture direct attention at government levels, like for environmental reasons:
   "Sustainable and Lifecycle Information-based Manufacturing"
   "The United States needs to prepare for a future where products are 100% recyclable, manufacturing itself has a zero net impact on the environment, and complete disassembly and disposal of a product at its end of life is We're perhaps seeing a general consciousness raising about manufacturing, perhaps coming more from the environmentalism side than the abundance side.
As Ryan posted a month or two ago, this is another robotics related link:
"High-Speed Robot Hand Demonstrates Dexterity and Skillful Manipulation"
A central issue of technology and society is that "technology is an amplifier". So, technology (even robots hands) at the very least allows fewer people to do more (even if we can quibble about whether you can ever remove the people from the loop entirely). With robot hands like that, you would think one person could supervise the robot hands and do ten times as much work as if they were doing the work themselves by hand. Or, the work might be ten times better in some other qualitative way (durability, or low defect rates, or a more functional design).
So, one can ask, for how long will there still be people doing even skilled physical labor in that VW factory, given that technology in that Japanese lab? I'd say most of the people in the VW factory may soon be there just for show too (or security and safety) -- if they are not already. :-)
A US workforce that was 90% agricultural 200 years ago went to 50% agricultural 100 years ago and then went to 2% agricultural today. That percentage is probably still falling (like from robot milkers), even as it maybe has gone too far, since a lot of people like to farm and want to farm and can't get the land, and smaller local organic farms are better for a variety of reasons (less environmental impact, lower transport costs, more security, more fun, more sociality, better jobs, kinder to any animals, etc.).
A US workforce that was about 30% manufacturing fifty years ago has gone to 12% manufacturing today. Where is that trend going? Offshoring confuses this simple trend, but it can't explain it all. In another fifty years at that rate (or likely much sooner with 3D printing and similar things), manufacturing as well may be at 2%, same as agriculture, and personally, I think that would be a high estimate, where we count "design" as manufacturing. :-)
Construction jobs may follow this trend too, as building techniques continue to get more automated, and as better tools let fewer humans do more with less. Marco Giustini posted this link to the OM list recently:
   "3D printing buildings: interview with Enrico Dini of D_Shape "
What happens if services overall in the USA follow this trend, too, driven by better computing and improving AI and robotics, broader internet access, improving speech recognition, better materials, better designs, and more of a DIY attitude?
Perhaps they already are? As a historic example, film tinting in the 1920s through 1920s was an enormous service opportunity, until we got widespread use of color film.
   My parents had a black and white photo of them when they were newly married that had been tinted by hand.
Telephone operators were also in big demand for decades for pushing plugs around until we got automated switching.
Granted, up till now, there have been many replacement jobs to make up for innovation as demand has grow in other areas (and as schooling, prison, and war have removed people from the workforce).
Sure, new jobs will come up that need doing, but how many? And how easily will they be automated?
"[p2p-research] 60 jobs that will rock the future... (not)"
The question revolves around if demand is limited, IMHO.
Now, I feel demand is limited even with abundant resources (energy, materials) because healthy humans don't need too much stuff or too much external services (though they all need some, often less than they have right now). Also, for security reasons, if you can generate a lot of your needs locally, while still having access to a network for backup and diversity and exchange, you are more intrinsically secure.
But, the implication of your alternative suggestion that resources are limited also implies demand is limited in the long term, but by "supply side" issues. :-) If we did not have enough energy and materials to make more stuff, then people would just have to learn to live with less, whatever they wanted. Clearly, people can live with less and still have happy lives, as our hunter/gatherer past shows.
   So, either way, demand will be limited for stuff, directly on the demand side (me) or indirectly from the supply side (you), even as our industrial productivity continually improves.
Now that I think about it, if you were right about resource limitations (not that I agree), then one might expect permanent mass unemployment to accelerate even faster? :-)
   If we were content to live with the same quantity and quality for many products as we had in the 1950s in the USA (like, from limited demand for whatever reason), it is likely that hardly anyone would need to be working now at all. The issue is, how far can that trend to increasing quantity and quality of goods consumed continue? And, is it really healthy, anyway?
 From something written around the early 1990s, and productivity has maybe doubled again since then:
   "The Overworked American"
   Since 1948, productivity has failed to rise in only five years. The level of productivity of the U.S. worker has more than doubled.  In other words, we could now produce our 1948 standard of living (measured in terms of marketed goods and services) in less than half the time it took in that year. We actually could have chosen the four-hour day. Or a working year of six months. Or, every worker in the United Stares could now be taking every other year off from work-with pay.  Incredible as it may sound, this is just the simple arithmetic of productivity growth in operation. But between 1948 and the present we did not use any of the productivity dividend to reduce hours. In the first two decades after 1948, productivity grew rapidly, at about 3 percent a year. During that period worktime did not fall appreciably. Annual hours per labor force participant fell only slightly. And on a per-capita (rather than a labor force) basis, they even rose a bit. Since then, productivity growth has been lower, but still positive, averaging just over 1 percent a year. Yet hours have risen steadily for two decades. In 1990, the average American owns and consumes more than twice as much as he or she did in 1948, but also has less free time. ...
   Most economists regard the spending spree that Americans indulged in throughout the postwar decades as an unambiguous blessing, on the assumption that more is always better. And there is a certain sense in this approach. It's hard to imagine how having more of a desired good could make one worse off, especially since it is always possible to ignore the additional quantity. Relying on this little bit of common sense, economists have championed the closely related ideas that more goods yield more satisfaction, that desires are infinite, and that people act to satisfy those desires as fully as they can. Now anyone with just a little bit of psychological sophistication (to go with this little bit of common sense) can spot the flaw in the economist's argument. Once our basic human needs are taken care of, the effect of consumption on well-being gets tricky. What if our desires keep pace with our incomes, so that getting richer doesn't make us more satisfied? Or what if satisfaction depends, not on absolute levels of consumption, but on one's level relative to others (such as the Joneses). Then no matter how much you possess, you won't feel well off if Jones next door possesses more.How many of us thought the first car stereo a great luxury, and then, when it came time to buy a new car, considered it an absolute necessity? Or life before and after the microwave? And the fact that many of these commodities are bought on credit makes the cycle of income-consumption-more income-more consumption even more ominous. There is no doubt that some purchases permanently enhance our lives. But how much of what we consume merely keeps us moving on a stationary treadmill? The problem with the treadmill is not only that it is stationary, but also that we have to work long hours to stay on it. As I shall argue [later], the consumerist treadmill and long hour lobs have combined to form an insidious cycle of "work-and-spend." Employers ask for long hours. The pay creates a high level of consumption. People buy houses and go into debt; luxuries become necessities; Smiths keep up with Joneses. Each year, "progress," in the form of annual productivity in creases, is doled out by employers as extra income rather than as time off. Work-and-spend has become a powerful dynamic keeping us from a more relaxed and leisured way of life?
Another aspect of the credit part they reference, helping explaining the downturn (essentially that the productivity gains went to the upper class and then were loaned to the workers, until it all collapsed):
   "Capitalism Hits the Fan"
      "Neoliberalism As Water Balloon"
   Anyway, by the above analogy, we should be able to all work two hour days if demand is limited back to 1950s levels. Or, we'll see 75% unemployment in the commercial sector. :-) Still, raising a family well, or being a good neighbor, or improving Wikipedia and writing free software and making free art and free music can no doubt take as much spare time as anyone has to put into it.
   The only worry is that our dominant social ideology is not p2p-ready. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-10 11:31:10
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Vitamin D and health (skin color issues) 
Another related item on this issue:
"Why Michelle Obama is More Likely to Die From Breast Cancer than Hilary Clinton" by Curtis Duncan
Race is always a hot topic here but people always seem to neglect discussing the topic of race and health. If it is discussed, it is always a matter of stating that Blacks or other minorities are not getting enough treatment and early detection particularly in the realm of cancer. It is true though, that Blacks do have higher rates of every other disease you can think of. And money does not fix this health epidemic amongst Blacks as we have seen rich Black celebrities such as Bernie Mac and Issac Hayes die from degenerative and preventable diseases. However Blacks and Whites do have different health concerns and challenges. It is not because Blacks are inferior or have bad genes. Blacks have different diets and a large percentage of Blacks are on the low end of the economic bracket and do not have access to healthy foods (That is not to excuse bad dietary habits by Blacks). Historically, Blacks have also been unable to receive treatments from the medical establishment and have even been subject to crimes like the Tuskegee Experiment. So as a health researcher while researching general topics on health and wellness, I definitely sought to know why Blacks have a myriad of health problems. One of the main reasons for poor Black health is a Vitamin D deficiency. One of the main reasons a Vitamin D deficiency is so common in Blacks is because Black skin absorbs more sunlight making more it more difficult to produce Vitamin D. Blacks have to spend more time in the sun in order to produce Vitamin D. The implication of Blacks, like Michelle Obama, not having adequate amounts of Vitamin D are severe. My video below explains those consequences as it pertain to Black women ...
   I believe in keeping it real when it comes to health and we cannot act like race does not play when it comes to health. Blacks must also realize that the sick care system does not give a hoot about Black Americans and has traditionally been anti-Black. The existence of Black doctors means nothing. Black doctors operate in the same fraudulent system which has done nothing for Blacks and other ethnic groups for that matter. I say everyone avoid the sick care system (doctors, hospitals, etc) unless you have been shot, been stabbed or suffered some really severe incident or accident.
Curtis Duncan talks in the video about why Vitamin D is not a profitable solution for the health care industry.
Reminds me a little of Jacques Fresco's point that scientists and engineers often do more for society than politicians and political systems. Not to say a good politician can't make a difference sometimes. :-)
Anyway, Vitamin D promotion seems to be a mostly p2p-driven meme at this point.
Maybe Vitamin D might be an good signature issue for Michelle Obama related to wellness and health care reform?
This Vitamin D issue affects everybody's health and happiness, whatever the color of your skin. From:
"If you have come to help me, you are wasting your time. But if you have come because your liberation is bound up with mine, then let us work together."
Again, a good science based source of information:
   As with all health issues, no doubt there are some few people in some few situations where more Vitamin D is a bad idea. But for most people in our indoors-oriented society, it would seem to be generally important to get a lot more Vitamin D.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-10 11:48:49
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Vitamin D and health (skin color issues) 
Just sent a note on this to the White House, via their public email form.
Not saying it won't be ignored, but sometimes the easiest things are worth trying first. :-)
Text below:
Policy Comment on Health Care
There is a growing awareness that Vitamin D deficiency may have serious health impacts, especially among African Americans. Increasing the amount of Vitamin D a person gets through more sunlight exposure or supplements may reduce a variety of illnesses including the flu. This may be an important signature issue that Michelle Obama could help with.
Related links:
Anyway, this is a note from a Princeton classmate of Michelle (we're both class of 1985). I hope it can help prevent illness among many people and allow many more people to live a long life of abundance and joy.
All the best in continuing to work towards world peace and prosperity.
"If you have come to help me, you are wasting your time. But if you have come because your liberation is bound up with mine, then let us work together."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-10 16:24:18
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Vitamin D and health (skin color issues) 
Another example of a "clueless" puzzle about skin color and health, from 2007:
   "Schizophrenia in black Caribbeans living in the UK: an exploration of underlying causes of the high incidence rate"
   The incidence of schizophrenia in black Caribbeans living in the UK is substantially higher than in the white British population. When first reported, these findings were assumed to be a first-generation migrant effect or merely the result of methodological artefacts associated with inconsistencies in the diagnosis of schizophrenia in black Caribbeans and doubts about population denominators. More recently, it has become clear that the incidence of schizophrenia, based on standardised diagnosis and sophisticated census methods, is higher still in second-generation black Caribbeans. The largest study to date has demonstrated a ninefold higher risk of schizophrenia in UK-resident black Caribbeans: findings that are of concern to black Caribbean communities, to their GPs, and to health service managers responsible for resource allocation. A literature search was carried in order to explore possible reasons for the reported excess incidence of schizophrenia in UK-resident black Caribbeans. Competing hypotheses are reviewed and the paper concludes with a summary of specific social and psychological risk factors of significance within the black Caribbean community. Awareness of the factors associated with the onset and presentation of schizophrenia in black Caribbeans may help early diagnosis and rapid access to appropriate treatment which, in turn, appear to be related to improved long-term outcomes. ....
   CONCLUSION
   The high level of schizophrenia in black Caribbeans living in the UK probably reflects the interaction of multiple risk factors, many of which cluster in the black Caribbean community in the UK. Particularly significant factors appear to be the combination of isolation and exclusion, both within society (living in areas of low ethnic density and reduced participation in society) and within the family (family break-up and paternal separation). These factors seem to be more powerful than socioeconomic disadvantage, which is more likely to be a consequence than causal. Racism itself may contribute to social exclusion, increasing the vulnerability to schizophrenia. Biological or genetic susceptibility do not appear to explain high rates of schizophrenia in black Caribbeans. More research is needed about the role of cannabis, particularly in its more potent forms, and whether this contributes to the excess of schizophrenia in black Caribbeans.
   Understanding of high rates of schizophrenia in some ethnic groups may be enhanced by an exploration of protective factors. South Asians have experienced migration, problems with cultural assimilation, and sociodemographic disadvantage, and yet they experience only marginally higher rates of schizophrenia than those of the white British population. Further study is needed on whether social cohesion and strong family support or other factors within the South Asian community confer a protective effect.
No mention there of Vitamin D.
To repeat: "The largest study to date has demonstrated a ninefold higher risk of schizophrenia in UK-resident black Caribbeans: findings that are of concern to black Caribbean communities, to their GPs, and to health service managers responsible for resource allocation."
Such needless suffering. I'm not saying Vitamin D is the only issue -- but what if it is even just 10% of the issue?
There are more than half a million British African-Caribbean in the UK:
      Schizophrenia is a devastating disorder for most people who are afflicted, and very costly for families and society. The overall U.S. 2002 cost of schizophrenia was estimated to be $62.7 billion, with $22.7 billion excess direct health care cost ($7.0 billion outpatient, $5.0 billion drugs, $2.8 billion inpatient, $8.0 billion long-term care). (source: Analysis Group, Inc.) ... Rates of schizophrenia are generally similar from country to country?about .5% to 1 percent of the population (there are variations - but the variance is difficult to track due to differing measuring standards in many countries, etc.).
So, in the USA, with a three hundred million population, at 1% incidence, that's about three million cases, or about US$20,000 per year per person cost for management.
Let's assume (I don't know the exact figure for the UK) the lower bound there of 0.5% rate for UK for schizophrenia. That would mean 4.5% rate for schizophrenia for Afro-Carribeans in the UK. If all the excess was all due to Vitamin D deficiency (maybe not), that is an extra 4% of the population above a baseline 0.5%, or about 30,000 individuals in the UK Afro-Carribean community suffering from this issue, along with their families and communities. Given the high cost to deal with schizophrenia on families and communities, that helps explain some poverty. By the US costs, that would be about US$600 million in costs per year, for something than could perhaps be mostly prevented by US$20 in Vitamin D pills times about half a million people, or US$10 million a year. Not to mention the enormous personal suffering and family suffering.
But, the article just says we need more other drugs etc. to deal with this.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-10 16:59:47
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Vitamin D and health (skin color issues) 
A newspaper article on the rate, again, not mentioning vitamin D:
   African-Caribbean people are six times more likely than whites to be diagnosed as schizophrenic, but research shows this is nothing to do with biology. ... Researchers from the Institute of Psychiatry investigated whether black people were somehow genetically more prone to schizophrenia.
   The answer was no - they found rates among black people in the Caribbean were identical to the white population to the UK. ...
Professor Robin Murray, from the Institute of Psychiatry, said: "It seems to be something in the social environment, something about being black in Britain.
   "The experience of black people in the UK almost drives them mad."
I'm not saying the social environment in Britain can not be toxic as suggested, or the other alternative suggestions (like cultural differences in behavior -- certain types of creativity can border on schizophrenia, for Although social problems in the UK may also apply to lots of people of any color (even if there was systematic differences related to skin color which made it all worse):
   "Generation F*cked: How Britain is Eating Its Young"
?The reason our children?s lives are the worst among economically advanced countries is because we are a poor version of the USA,? he said. ?So the USA comes second from bottom and we follow behind. The age of neo-liberalism, even with the human face that New Labour has given it, cannot stem the tide of the social recession capitalism creates.
But, what if there was this other simple issue of Vitamin D that accounted for a lot of medical issues in the UK?
Note that *indirectly* this Vitamin D issue may be an example of the failure of the social safety net in the UK (and USA) for minorities, in that there was perhaps little funding to research these issues from a variety of perspectives? Instead money is spent on other social areas or other drug-based interventions rather than look at nutritional issues.
(Thanks for your other comments, Ryan.)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-10 18:10:47
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Vitamin D and health (skin color issues) 
A study from 2004 -- apparently it has long been known Afro-Caribbeans in the UK were severely Vitamin D deficient:
   "Severe vitamin D deficient rickets in black Afro-Caribbean children "
   "Concern has been raised over the past few years, at the prevalence of rickets in British Asian children and recent immigrants to the UK. Here we describe five cases of severe rickets in children of second generation Black-African or Caribbean parents who presented to paediatric outpatients in a socially deprived area of inner London. Weaning had been unsuccessful in all of the cases. The affected children all had biochemical (table 1Go) and radiological evidence of severe rickets."
Of course, the publicly supported research is not publicly available.
Ryan pointed out to me the University of Wisconsin has patents related to Vitamin D. So, were people perhaps denied Vitamin D as an example of a public institution being funded by public dollars privatizing research results? Same as I can't easily see that study above on the webL
  In 1923, Harry Steenbock and James Cockwell discovered exposure to ultraviolet light increased the Vitamin D concentration in food. After discovering that irradiated rat food cured the rats of rickets, Steenbock sought a patent. Steenbock then assigned the patent to the newly established Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation. WARF then licensed the technology to Quaker Oats for use in their breakfast cereals. In addition, WARF licensed the technology for use as a pharmaceutical, Viosterol. WARF's commercialization of Vitamin D culminated in its enrichment of milk.
   "Enriching milk with vitamin D posed a significant challenge to WARF and its industry partners. Cereals and pharmaceuticals could be easily fortified by adding irradiated yeast or activated lipids (ergosterol) to them as sources of vitamin D. But strict pure foods laws at the time prohibited the addition of anything to milk, even chocolate. In order to produce vitamin D in milk, the milk itself would have to be irradiated. " (quote from site)
   By the time the patent expired in 1945, rickets was all but nonexistent.
   Through innovations from Hector DeLuca, Vitamin D continues to be a large percentage of WARF's income, around 70%.
Vitamin D related patents by the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation:
  An example of a patent from 2002, on treating Mustirpe Sclerosis with Vitamin D:
"Dietary Calcium As A Supplement To Vitamin D Compound Treatment Of Multiple "The active form of vitamin D (1,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol) is a potent regulator of the immune system and has shown promise in the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS), an autoimmune disease. This invention provides a method for more effectively diminishing the symptoms of multiple sclerosis.   It involves treating MS patients by administering a calcium supplement in addition to a vitamin D compound. The inventors have found that treating B10.PL mice with 1,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol and simultaneously feeding them diets high in calcium can completely suppress the induction of experimental autoimmune diseases. Because B10.PL mice are an accepted experimental model for MS, combining a vitamin D compound with a calcium supplement could provide a more effective treatment for MS than vitamin D therapy alone."
I don't know for sure, but I'd suspect most of this research is funded at least in part by public dollars.
I'm assuming, because the University of Wisconsin says they make a lot of money still from Vitamin D, that lawsuits might start flying if someone else starts using Vitamin D therapies without a license for various illnesses?
Is it possible this is a case of the patent system linked to profit-oriented non-profits damaging the health of billions of people globally? Related:
If the global health care costs of treating all the diseases that have been suggested related to Vitamin D deficiency each year in whole or in part were totaled up, from flu through cancer to schizophrenia, it might total in the trillions of dollars per year in costs.
If people were somehow getting less Vitamin D because of the societal consequences of patents (including competitivenesses among researchers, but also making techniques to costly to use or delaying their widespread adoption), it is possible the the consequences of proprietary knowledge from just this one issue might have cost our global society many trillions of dollars and untold personal suffering. Enough money to fund endless researchers making more free knowledge. Meanwhile, the University of Wisconsin got a little bit bigger.
Obviously, I'm all for the Vitamin D researchers at the University Wisconsin as well as other universities getting all the resources they need to do good work. But, there may be a huge problem here with public funding strategies or research. The proprietary approach to research knowledge may literally have been costing trillions of dollars a year (in current dollars) for decades taken across the globe. For the past fifty years, at two trillion a year in excess medical costs, this might add up to US$100 trillion in excess medical costs due to such medical knowledge being proprietary and researchers not cooperating more.
Of course, then the huge public health bills are used to justify *increasing* the proprietary aspects of medical knowledge to create more artificial scarcity -- which is a tremendous and sad irony.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-10 18:31:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Vitamin D and health (skin color issues) 
Another research study from 2006 showing how this has been known
   "Vitamin D concentrations in an UK inner-city multicultural outpatient    "BACKGROUND: Vitamin D deficiency is still thought to be widespread in the UK and in recent years the number of cases of rickets reported in children has increased. In this study, the distribution of vitamin D and the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency have been determined for a multi-ethnic population from the inner-city area of Birmingham, UK, where a vitamin D testing service has been readily available for over 10 years. METHODS: Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration was determined using an automated platform (Nichol's Advantage Speciality System) for 830 outpatient samples collected randomly at the end of summer (September). RESULTS: In our total study population, prevalence of vitamin D deficiency, defined as a 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration < 10 microg/L, was high (24%): one in eight Caucasians, one in four Black Afro-Caribbeans and one in three Asians were found to be deficient. Levels of deficiency were much higher in Asian women, with almost one in two individuals (43%) found to have a vitamin D level below 10 microg/L. CONCLUSION: Our study has shown that widespread vitamin D deficiency in a UK inner-city population remains an issue. In concordance with other studies, we found a high prevalence of vitamin D deficiency in Afro-Caribbean and Asians, and, in particular, women. It is clear that more routine screening of vitamin D is needed."
That's a very interesting study.
Note what the Vitamin D council defines an acceptable level for Vitamin D:
  "Sunlight, artificial light, oral or parental vitamin D, or a combination, aimed at restoring circulating levels of 25(OH)D between 35?55 ng/mL is the treatment of choice."
Micrograms per liter is equivalent to nanograms per milliliter.
So, this study is defining "deficiency" of 10 ng/mL as less than one third of what these other researchers think is an acceptable minimum. So, the number of people deficient in Vitamin D by this other standard would then almost certainly be much greater. But, even at the low level picked, there was double the deficiency rate among Black Afro-Caribbeans in the UK in that I'm BCCing the author of that UK study, and maybe they might wish to explore the schizophrenia link (mentioned below) with low Vitamin D? They also might want to see what the study shows at the higher level as far as what percentage of people in that study were Vitamin D deficient by that criterion.
On the schizophrenia connection:
   We propose vitamin D plays a role in mental illness based on the following five reasons:
    1. Epidemiological evidence shows an association between reduced sun exposure and mental illness.
    2. Mental illness is associated with low 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D]     3. Mental illness shows a significant comorbidity with illnesses thought to be associated with vitamin D deficiency.
    4. Theoretical models (in vitro or animal evidence) exist to explain how vitamin D deficiency may play a causative role in mental illness.
    5. Studies indicate vitamin D improves mental illness.
It's exciting to think that millions of people (of all skin colors) might be helped by scientists in the UK and US beginning to focus on this connection between Vitamin D and physical and mental illness, especially among people with darker skin in northern climates, in order to come up with social programs to remedy the basic Vitamin D deficiency. So many families across the planet might be helped by more people learning about the work of John Cannell, MD, and others at the Vitamin D council.
Anyway, I need to thank Ryan for his encouragement to continue along the general line of thinking about Vitamin D's relation to wellness.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-10 19:34:13
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ADHD or lack of Vitamin D? Albany Free School 
Found a blog post by someone on the issue of ADHD and Vitamin D:
   "ADHD or Lack of Vitamin D?"
They cite this article:
   "Vitamin D in brain function: Vitamin D supplementation for high risk groups may be warranted"
   "In a definitive critical review, scientists at Children?s Hospital & Research Center Oakland ask whether there is convincing biological or behavioral evidence linking vitamin D deficiency to brain dysfunction. Joyce C. McCann, Ph.D., assistant staff scientist and Bruce N. Ames, Ph.D., senior scientist at Children's Hospital Oakland Research Institute (CHORI) conclude that there is ample biological evidence to suggest an important role for vitamin D in brain development and function, and that supplementation for groups chronically low in vitamin D is warranted. Their conclusions will be published on April 22, 2008 in the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology (FASEB) Journal. ...
   McCann & Ames point out that evidence for vitamin D?s involvement in brain function includes the wide distribution of vitamin D receptors throughout the brain. They also discuss vitamin D's ability to affect proteins in the brain known to be directly involved in learning and memory, motor control, and possibly even maternal and social behavior. The review also discusses studies in both humans and animals that present suggestive though not definitive evidence of cognitive or behavioral consequences of vitamin D inadequacy. The authors discuss possible reasons for the apparent discrepancy between the biological and behavioral evidence, and suggest new, possibly clarifying avenues of research.
   Many vitamin D experts advise that the currently recommended level of vitamin D intake is much too low and should be raised to protect against bone fractures and possibly cancer in addition to rickets (2). Indeed, even using present guidelines, too many Americans have low vitamin D blood levels. McCann & Ames propose that, despite uncertainty regarding all of the deleterious effects of vitamin D inadequacy, the evidence overall indicates that supplementation, which is both inexpensive and prudent, is warranted for groups whose vitamin D status is exceptionally low, particularly nursing infants, the elderly, and African Americans (e.g., see (3)). ..."
And that gets me wondering. The Albany Free School is able to help what are often called AHDH kids to learn in a community, using a "play-based curriculum" that involves supporting kids while they choose what they want to do in the company of other child-aged learners as well as adults modeling learning and healthy living in community.
   "Teaching the Restless: One School's Remarkable No-Ritalin Approach to Helping Children Learn and Succeed" by Chris Mercogliano
      I have no doubt such a play-based curriculum is a good thing and better than compulsory school for most kids. I love learner-directed education, where public schools would become more like public libraries.
But, what if some of the magic with the kids labeled ADHD at the Albany Free School is that, instead of getting Ritalin, that kids who have been labeled are allowed to play outdoors in the sunlight a lot? Especially African American kids in that more northern area of the USA who will struggle more with getting enough Vitamin D at that lattitude? The Free School has an outdoor courtyard at the school kids can use when they want, and they allow kids to go to the nearby parks, plus they have some rural lands they go on field trips too.
Could increasing Ritalin use be partially an ineffective response to Vitamin D deficiency in kids, especially kids with darker skins?
I'm not suggesting Vitamin D is all of the issue (especially given what most schools are). But, it might be part of it.
I don't see any search results of "Vitamin D" on John Taylor Gatto's site, either, and one of the things he did was help kids get out of school more in apprenticeships and internships, so perhaps another unexpected benefit:
   "Underground History of American Education"
   To be clear, even if Vitamin D supplements helped kids be part of a learning community as much as being at the Free School play-based curriculum did, I still would prefer the Free School model over most other schools, for those who don't homeschool. :-) I should update my essay to include the Vitamin D benefits of just giving public school money to parents to decide how to spend it: :-)
"Towards a Post-Scarcity New York State of Mind (through homeschooling)" Anyway, this Vitamin D issue may also be especially important to people who spend too much time at their computers reading and writing emails. People like me. :-)
   "Vitamin D Deficiency Syndrome"
   Maybe ADHD should be renamed to stand for:
    "A Deficiency of Helpful vitamin-D"? :-)
Anyway, I BCCd the Albany Free School's "questions" email as well as Chris Mercogliano just so they know about this possible connection.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-11 15:30:44
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Misadventures In Online Journalism 
"Paul Carr, writing for TechCrunch, has posted his take on some of the flaws inherent to today's fast-paced news ecosystem, where bloggers often get little or no editorial feedback and interesting headlines are passed around faster than ever. His article was inspired by a recent story on ZDNet that accused Yahoo of sharing the names and emails of 200,000 users with the Iranian government; a report that turned out to be false, yet generated a great deal of outrage before it was disproved. Carr writes, 'Trusting the common sense of your writers is all well and good ? but when it comes to breaking news, where journalistic adrenaline is at its highest and everyone is paranoid about being scooped by a competitor, that common sense can too easily become the first casualty. Journalists get caught up in the moment; we get excited and we post stupid crap from a foreign language student blog and call it news. And then within half a minute ? bloggers being what they are ? the news gets repeated and repeated until it becomes fact. Fact that can affect share prices or ruin lives. This is the reality of the blogosphere, where Churchill's remark: that "a lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on" is more true, and more potentially damaging, than at any time in history.'"
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-11 17:24:14
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] H1N1 Mostly hospitalizes the younger...2-17 y.o.s 
From scienceblogs: "The most rational thing to do at this moment, given what we know and don't know, is to get vaccinated with both seasonal flu and swine flu vaccines. That's what I'm going to do. I already got my seasonal flu shot and I'll wait in line for my turn for the swine flu vaccine and get it as soon as I can. You not only protect yourself but you help prevent spread of flu to others."
Kinda funny that graph on that page or really of almost any flu shows so few cases in summer? Maybe the rational thing to do is to have summer all year long? Or a part of it, anyway, like more Vitamin D? :-)
Maybe young kids are more Vitamin D deficient? It would be nice to test their Vitamin D levels.
"Vitamin D and H1N1 Swine Flu"
"In June, 2009, at the time of the well-publicized Wisconsin spike in H1N1 cases, two residents developed influenza-like illness (ILI) and had positive tests for H1N1: one was a long-term resident; the other, a child, was transferred to us with what was later proven to be H1N1. On the other hand, 60 staff members developed ILI or were documented to have H1N1: of 17 tested for ILI, eight were positive. An additional 43 staff members called in sick with ILI. (Approx. 11?12 staff developed ILI after working on the unit where the child was given care, several of whom had positive H1N1 tests.) So, it is rather remarkable that only two residents of 275 developed ILI, one of which did not develop it here, while 103 of 800 staff members had ILI. It appears that the spread of H1N1 was not from staff-to-resident but from resident-to-staff (most obvious in the imported case) and between staff, implying that staff were susceptible and our residents protected."
This is the first hard data that I am aware of concerning H1N1 and vitamin D. It appears vitamin D is incredibly protective against H1N1. Dr. Carlos Carmago at Mass General ran the numbers in an email to me. Even if one excludes 43 staff members who called in sick with influenza, 0.73% of residents were affected, as compared to 7.5% of staff. This 10-fold difference was statistically significant (P<0.001). That is, the chance that this was a chance occurrence is one less than one in a thousand.
   Second, if you read my last newsletter, you will see that children with neurological impairments, like the patients at your hospital, have accounted for 2/3 of the childhood deaths for H1N1 so far in the USA. That is, the CDC knows, because they reported it, that patients with neurological impairments are more likely to die from H1N1. [And neurological problems have been linked to Vitamin D deficiency.]
   The problem is that I cannot get anyone in authority at the CDC or the NIH to listen. I need readers to email or call their senators and congresspersons in Washington.
   Ask your senator or congressperson to contact the CDC and NIH to complain about CDC and NIH inaction on Vitamin D and H1N1. Also, ask your senators and representative to demand congressional hearings on Vitamin D and H1N1, before it is too late. Here is the link, just click it and follow instructions to contact your own represenatives:
   In the summer, people make more Vitamin D. Vitamin D in the above situation, very unlikely by chance, has been shown to be tremendously effective against the flu -- likely more so than any vaccine. So, maybe ScienceBlogs should have written: "The most rational thing to do at this moment, given what we know and don't know, is to make sure you do not have a Vitamin D deficiency by following the advice on the Vitamin D Council website. That's what I'm going to do. I already got my vitamin D supplements. You not only protect yourself but you help prevent spread of flu to others."
Dr. Mercola says the same thing.
At least five studies show an inverse association between lower respiratory tract infections and 25(OH)D levels. That is, the higher your vitamin D level, the lower your risk of contracting colds, flu, and other respiratory tract infections:
    1. A 2007 study suggests higher vitamin D status enhances your immunity to microbial infections. They found that subjects with vitamin D deficiency had significantly more days of absence from work due to respiratory infection than did control subjects.
    2. A 2009 study on vitamin D deficiency in newborns with acute lower respiratory infection (ALRI) confirmed a strong, positive correlation between newborns? and mother?s vitamin D levels. Over 87 percent of all newborns and over 67 percent of all mothers had vitamin D levels lower than 20 ng/ml, which is a severe deficiency state.
     Newborns with vitamin D deficiency appear to have an increased risk of developing ALRI, and since the child?s vitamin D level strongly correlates with its mother?s, the researchers recommend that all mothers? optimize their vitamin D levels during pregnancy, especially in the winter months, to safeguard their baby?s health.
    3. A similar Indian study published in 2004 also reported that vitamin D deficiency in infants significantly raised their odds ratio for having severe ALRI.
    4. A 2009 analysis of the Third National Health andNutrition Examination Survey examined the association between vitamin D levelsand recent upper respiratory tract infection (URTI) in nearly 19,000 subjects over the age of 12.
   Recent URTI was reported by:
      *17 percent of participants with vitamin D levels of 30ng/ml or higher
      * 20 percent of participants with vitamin D levels between 10-30 ng/ml.
      * 24 percent of participants with vitamin D levels below 10ng/ml
           The positive correlation between lower vitamin D levels and increased risk of URTI was even stronger in individuals with asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
    5. Another 2009 report in the journal Pediatric Research stated that infants and children appear more susceptible to viral rather than bacterial infections when deficient in vitamin D. And that, based on the available evidence showing a strong connection between vitamin D, infections, and immune function in children, vitamin D supplementation may be a valuable therapy in pediatric medicine.
So, who has the better science here about preventing and treating flu? Dr. Cannell along with Dr. Mercola, or ScienceBlogs?
Now, maybe the vaccine might help too, or not, and it might be worth the risk too, or not. But Vitamin D will apparently help protect you against the flu as well as lots of other problems (cancer, depression, and so on) at next-to-no risk. Getting the flu shot might be a choice to make, but making sure you are not Vitamin D deficient seems like it is a no-brainer.
I just contacted one of my state senator routing through the above link to ask she hold hearings on Vitamin D.
   I also sent a note to Amy Goodman through the Democracy Now web site,
   suggesting she interview Dr. John Cannell, MD. :-)
   The more the merrier, if anyone is interested. :-) None of these people will listen much to one voice like mine. But if lots of people suggest this, there might be some action eventually. At some point, p2p needs to start getting the hierarchy to be responsive to the needs of peers. :-)
As I said elsewhere, I'm so used to being so "far out" that I know ideas like self-replicating space habitats and so on are not things the world is ready for yet. :-( And I would not ask people to go out on a limb for stuff like that.
It's nice to be able to just promote (at least for a couple of days) a straightforward and inexpensive idea like treating widespread Vitamin D deficiency, one with immediate acceptability and practicality and closely linked to emerging science. :-)
Anyway, I know we agree on the Vitamin D issue at least. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-13 16:38:09
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | EPA To Reuse Toxic Sites For Renewable 
"The Daily Climate reports that President Obama and Congress are pushing to identify thousands of contaminated landfills and abandoned mines ? 'brownfields' that could be repurposed to house wind farms, solar arrays, and geothermal power plants. Using already disturbed lands would help avoid conflicts between renewable energy developers and environmental groups concerned about impacts to wildlife habitat. 'In the next decade there's going to be a lot of renewable energy built, and all that has to go somewhere,' said Jessica Goad, an energy and climate change policy fellow for The Wilderness Society. 'We don't want to see these industrial facilities placed on land that's pristine. We love the idea of brownfields for renewable energy development because it relieves the (development) pressure on undisturbed places. The Environmental Protection Agency and the National Renewable Energy Laboratory have identified nearly 4,100 contaminated sites deemed economically suitable for wind and solar power development, as well as biomass. Included are 5 million acres suitable for photovoltaic or concentrated solar power development, and 500,000 acres for wind power. These sites, if fully developed, have the potential to produce 950,000 megawatts ? more than the country's total [electric] power needs in 2007, according to EPA data."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-14 09:48:29
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Vitamin D and dental issues -- known since 1941 and 
Just a general complaint that this undoubtedly publicly funded research excerpted below from 1941 is not easily available on the web, even though it has been digitized. It is locked up behind profit walls preventing easy p2p-driven research. I can't believe  how long this stuff has been known but not acted on in favor of things with higher risks...
The 1941 study was mentioned here (among many earlier studies) in a general    "Vitamin Deficiency Underlies Tooth Decay: Malnutrition Causes Much More than Dental Disease"
   Here is part of its text:
"Am J Dis Child -- Excerpt: PREVENTION OF DENTAL CARIES BY MASSIVE DOSES OF VITAMIN D, December 1941, BRODSKY et al. 62 (6): 1183"
   PREVENTION OF DENTAL CARIES BY MASSIVE DOSES OF VITAMIN D
RALPH HOWARD BRODSKY, D.M.D.; B?LA SCHICK, M.D.; HERMANN VOLLMER, M.D.
Am J Dis Child. 1941;62(6):1183-1187.
   Since this article does not have an abstract, we have provided the first 150 words of the full text PDF and any section headings.
   Previous studies1 have indicated that diet plays an important role in the causation and prevention of dental caries. Some investigators,2 in attempting to determine the dietary factors which might be responsible for the occurrence of dental caries, stressed the significance of the vitamins A, C and D. We were particularly interested in the effect exerted by vitamin D; and since former studies had already indicated that a role was played by this vitamin, we decided to study the preventive effect of a single massive    The treatment of rickets and tetany by single massive doses of vitamin D, first advocated by Vollmer,3 has been extensively used in Europe by Harnapp,4 Schirmer,5 Braulke,6 Bischoff,7 Windorfer8 and many other investigators. It has been shown that rickets and tetany can be cured by oral or parenteral administration of a single dose of 600,000 international (U. . . . [Full Text PDF of this Article]
  Author Affiliations
   NEW YORK
   From the Division of Pediatrics of Sea View Hospital, B?la Schick, M.D., Director, and the Division of Oral Surgery, Ralph Howard Brodsky, D.M.D., I've heard that in Canada and India, some people get injections on the order of this much Vitamin D each year.
Of course, the body still needs other nutrients to do be healthy:
Could this help explain part of why I've heard dental health in the UK (more northern) is reported as worse than in the rest of Europe?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-14 17:47:05
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New Wi-Fi Direct Gets Peer-to-Peer Connections - PC 
A new specification, called Wi-Fi Direct, provides peer-to-peer connections between Wi-Fi devices, no hotspot required. That could be bad news for Bluetooth, but good news for customers. Developed by the Wi-Fi Alliance, the new specification is expected to begin appearing in products as soon as next year. It will allow device-to-device connections over the same range and as the same speed as Wi-Fi, but without the need for a hotspot or access point, the alliance said.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-14 21:30:08
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | 1Mb Broadband Access Becomes Legal Right 
"Starting next July, every person in Finland will have the right to a one-megabit broadband connection, according to the Ministry of Transport and Communications. Finland is the world's first country to create laws guaranteeing broadband access. The Finnish people are also legally guaranteed a 100Mb broadband connection by the end of 2015."
Embedded article:
   "Finland makes 1Mb broadband access a legal right"
   According to the report, every person in Finland (a little over 5 million people, according to a 2009 estimate) will have the right of access to a 1Mb broadband connection starting in July.
   And they may ultimately gain the right to a 100Mb broadband connection. Just more than a year ago, Finland said it would make a 100Mb broadband connection a legal right by the end of 2015. Wednesday's announcement is considered an intermediate step.
   France, one of a few countries that has made Internet access a human right, did so earlier this year. France's Constitutional Council ruled that Internet access is a basic human right. That said, it stopped short of making "broadband access" a legal right. Finland says that it's the first country to make broadband access a legal right.
Is this somehow indirectly a right to p2p? :-)
Or is this a way to ensure everyone gets to visit mainstream web sites?
Or does it just go beyond all that or besides all that?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-15 18:17:39
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?100_years_of_Big_Content_fearing_?= 
Perhaps of general interest:
"For the last hundred years, rightsholders have fretted about everything from the player piano to the VCR to digital TV to Napster. Here are those objections, in Big Content's own words."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-20 11:50:53
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I read Michel's last reply in that thread, and had a few comments to it:
 "My political and philosophical options are to outcooperate and transcend private property, not abolish it."
I can see where he is coming from on all the points he made, and I think that part quoted is especially a great sentiment.
   A life of non-violence is much more than turning the other cheek, it is constructive creation of alternative visions, it is promoting alternative ideology, it is principled not-cooperation (even at cost).
Still, we all make our choices as to where to invest our limited time and I agree it is hard for a small business to deal with the ongoing transitions in our society (like to free digital goods, but with food and energy still costing ration units, aka dollars), and I wrestle with that myself as does my wife. (I've posted some thinking about that on the Open Manufacturing list a couple months back.)
Even though making any product is a risk as far as people liking it or paying money somehow connected to it, there is a good chance I could make some proprietary money-making products right now (games and design tools). But my feeling about the transition to free digital goods stands in the way.
It's harder to make free products that might make money some other way, like consulting, though, say, my wife is trying, and has just finished a several person month effort in that direction: :-)
   "Rakontu: Helping people take good care of their stories."
   "Rakontu is a free and open source web application that small groups of people can use together to share and work with stories. It's for people in neighborhoods, families, interest groups, support groups, work groups: any group of people with stories to share. Rakontu members build shared "story museums" that they can draw upon to achieve common goals."
I agree that market position (like Google) can allow one to do questionable things with free software, and there are deep privacy issues there. (Even for my wife, she chose Google AppEngine to build on, so there are privacy issues in that Google sense even in her effort.)
Plus, there are other issues about just exactly who gets to design the "free" software and what their priorities really are:
   ""Free" is Killing Us--Blame The VCs"
  That's a market failure mode IMHO, that those with a lot of money (like Google) shape innovation to ensure they remain in a dominant position. IBM and Microsoft have done the same with proprietary stuff (IBM killed off Control Data Corporation by needless changing of standards for disk drive plugs, and Microsoft killed off other software and OSs by making sure they were not compatible.) Thus for example, some technical differences between, say, Google Wave and the ideas in the Pointrel Social Semantic Desktop that relate to privacy and browser limitations and the openness of the codebase in practice.
      Google Wave is still a cool thing, of course, but contrasted with, say, what Squeak Smalltalk could have been as an open personal platform for communications, Google Wave is a really shallow idea and Squeak was beyond it a decade ago with virtual worlds and so on, in a framework where *anyone* could change the source locally (Google Wave is in practice server based with unmodifiable code, even if you can in theory fork it and run your own    Still, I feel there is some logical orthogonality (difference) between peers communicating using proprietary technologies and peers using them to make open content and free software (right now). Including for reasons Michel outlined, I use a Mac these days after five years of Debian GNU/Linux). However, I still program in Java and Python and other free tools, use free libraries, use free tools like FireFox and Thunderbird even as I use a Mac. I could switch back to GNU/Linux without too much trouble if I wanted (and hope eventually there will be a great release for the Mac Pro). I stay away from something like dot net. So, while the chips and the OS on my computer may be paid for (even as Mac OS X had a fee core from Mach and BSD), pretty much all the rest of what I use is free. The fact is, almost all of us are paying for proprietary chips, even Richard Stallman, so the line is fuzzier than even he might want to admit, even if he has a principled position. Open Manufacturing is in part about improving on that situation, but is mostly (not entirely) just a dream at this point. Apple also offered a well-engineered quiet multi-core box, something that would have been much harder and costlier to build on my own to the same standards; like Michel, I made a compromise there on time and uncertainty.
With that said, one only has to look at the Linus Torvalds and the proprietary Bitkeeper and eventually free Git issue to see how fast things can get out of hand and ugly:
   "RMS Weighs in on BitKeeper Debacle "
   These compromises are so often questionable, regrettable, and do set a bad It's hard to figure out how to keep yourself safe and fed when you are engaged in removing a scaffolding around an abundant society when most people confuse the scaffolding for the post-scarcity building and live in the scaffolding instead.
That "scaffolding" metaphor is one I talk about more here:
   What am I up to with that [Princeton University] education myself? Besides being a part-time stay-at-home Dad, I'm busy these days in my "free" time (along with many in the world, such as these people:  :-) attempting to help take down the intellectual scaffolding of global capitalism one myth at a time in a controlled safe manner where no one gets hurt, same as these people do when demolishing physical structures past their usefulness:
          "And behind each successful project stands the CDI team - a talented group of professionals with decades of experience dedicated to absolute perfection on each new project."
   See, there are people whose whole careers are devoted to the safe demolition of historic structures. And this essay is not intended in any way to defend anyone who intentionally destroys structures in a way intended to hurt people. ...
   At some point, after you are done building a new building (or a new post-scarcity society) the scaffolding comes down. :-) But unlike the easier time CDI has with demolishing vacant structures, it's much harder if people (including PU alumni) still mistake that competitive capitalist scaffolding for the post-scarcity building full of abundance the scaffolding surrounds (and likely always did. :-) And I'm definitely hoping for that intellectual scaffolding's removal in a controlled way, not a big crash like these where often people get hurt: :-(
     "Images of catastrophically collapsed scaffolds"
     Here is my young child's contribution to this essay. And I have also taken perhaps too much time from our relationship to write this, sorry, so that is another contribution. So if this essay helps anything, thank in part my kid, who helps make me a better person every day. From:
    "Fighting Fire Trucks" by Larry Shapiro
        "Chapter 5. Special Units. Workers didn't need to be told what the creaking noises meant as they ascended the construction elevator outside the 26-story building in Times Square. They quickly shouted over their radios that the scaffold was about to come down, alerting pedestrians and co-workers alike to get clear. Moments later with a loud crushing sound, 14 floors of steel dropped the equivalent of one story to rest on the bottom 10 floors. One of the two elevator tracks came raining down on a neighboring building and the street below. The incident would turn out to require a fire department presence for several days. The Mobile Command Post was ordered to the scene as a base for chiefs and other supervisory personnel. "
   That metaphor of dedicated brave people helping the current partially-collapsed economic "scarcity" scaffolding come down in a controlled fashion to reveal a beautiful and joyful "post-scarcity" society for everybody is what I'd suggest a prospective Princeton student meditate on. :-) And then she or he can ask the hard questions about whether Princeton (and perhaps then grad school) is a good investment of time to help realize that future. It's also a scaffolding built using dollars as war time "ration units", so more dollars and more financial obesity aren't going to fix the problem in the end (Princeton's main selling point in the public imagination). ...
   But how can we ensure the collapse of money as scaffolding for society happens in a more orderly and safer way than a catastrophe? Even just the catastrophe of avoidable suffering through ignorance and poverty for some extra years for many people on the planet? As someone suggested on slashdot.org a while back, the year the food replicator is invented by capitalism, everyone will starve from economic forces. :-(
   That's the sort of problem that will challenge prospective Princeton students down the road in their careers. And not just in some distant future, but in the next ten to twenty years, perhaps even before someone starting PU next year can get tenure -- or maybe a third post-doc. :-( And such a prospective Princeton student has to ask themselves, is Princeton University (the current flagship of global capitalism) the right place to find or make answers to those sort of problems? I frankly do not know, having been out of the physical university community for so long -- but based on the current issue of PAW alone, I suspect the answer is still, "Not yet". :-(
Talking about dealing with scaffolding of artificial scarcity vs. envisioning and building a society with genuine global abundance for all might be a way to think about this issue.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-20 22:44:37
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FORA.tv - Building a Whole Earth Economy: Peter G. 
"FORA.tv - Building a Whole Earth Economy: Peter G. Brown"
Interesting comments on a mainstream macroeconomics textbook (Ben Bernake being one of the authors) starting at section 09.
Related to this book:
"In Right Relationship, Peter G. Brown and Geoffrey Garver use the core Quaker principle of "right relationship"--respecting the integrity, resilience, and beauty of human and natural communities--as the foundation for a new economic model. Right Relationship poses five basic questions: What is an economy for? How does it work? How big is too big? What's fair? And how can it best be governed? Brown and Garver expose the antiquated, shortsighted, and downright dangerous assumptions that underlie our current answers to these questions, as well as the shortcomings of many reform efforts. They propose new answers that combine an acute awareness of ecological limits with a fundamental focus on fairness and a concern with the spiritual, as well as material, well-being of the human race. And they outline what each of us can do to enable life's commonwealth."
Also related:
   "Lester Brown: Plan B 3.0: Mobilizing to Save Civilization"
   (Are these two Browns related? I don't know.)
Peter Brown does not use the word "cybernetics" but I talk about related issues of a "cybernetic" view of economics in Post-scarcity Princeton, and the cybernetic theme was on this list earlier in general.
Of course, Peter Brown seems to still be talking from the point of view that Bernake is just ignorant, as opposed to part of some larger self-justifying world view that is intentionally looking the other way:
   "The Mythology of Wealth"
   What was needed was a new ?rational? world-view that justified the existence of privileged elites. That rationalization came in the form of a brand new science known as economics, which included a brand new mythology.
So, it is possible that Ben Bernake was picked to run the Federal Reserve precisely *because* he ignores all the issues that Peter Brown raises, not despite that.
Also related:
"Genuine Progress Indicator"
Chapters 09 through 13 of that video are a complete indictment of mainstream macroeconomics and why it is killing the planet, because you get what you measure, and you lose what you don't measure. So, we measure accumulation of digital ration units (dollars) a lot as GDP, but we hardly measure biodiversity or human rights issues or human happiness as "Genuine Progress Indicator". Peter Brown talks about the US as violating human rights around the world as a consequence of consumption (somewhat like The Story of Stuff), which brings to mind things some like Indira Gandhi was telling the UN in the 1970s or so about India's environmental footprint per person vs. the USA.
Still, the US government is starting to think about that systematically:
   "Sustainable and LifecycleInformation-based Manufacturing"
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-22 09:42:14
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Singer In Grocery Store Ordered To Pay 
"An assistant at a grocery store in Clackmannanshire, Scotland, was ordered by the Performing Right Society (PRS) to obtain a performer's license and to pay royalties because she was informally singing popular songs while stocking groceries. The PRS later backed down and apologized. This after the same store had turned off the radio after a warning from the PRS. We have entered an era where music is no longer an art for all to enjoy, but rather a form of private property that must be regulated and taxed like alcohol. "Music to the ears" has become 'dollars in the bank'."
One insightful comment there:
   New alternative to censorship (Score:5, Insightful)
by tinkerton (199273) on Thursday October 22,  (
   and your spell checker gets a module that suggests cheaper words to use in your sentences. And it takes in account the extra tax on words the government doesn't like. You can still write what you want but some things are really costly..
A related satire I wrote (sent to the US DOJ in 2002) about a world where it costs money per law and per instance to cite legal precedents or talk about    "Microslaw "
   My fellow Americans. There has been some recent talk of free law by the General Public Lawyers (the GPL) who we all know hold un-American views. I speak to you today from the Oval Office in the White House to assure you how much better off you are now that all law is proprietary. The value of proprietary law should be obvious. Software is essentially just a form of law governing how computers operate, and all software and media content has long been privatized to great economic success. Economic analysts have proven conclusively that if we hadn't passed laws banning all free software like GNU/Linux and OpenOffice after our economy began its current recession, which started, how many times must I remind everyone, only coincidentally with the shutdown of Napster, that we would be in far worse shape then we are today. RIAA has confidently assured me that if independent artists were allowed to release works without using their compensation system and royalty rates, music CD sales would be even lower than their recent inexplicably low levels. The MPAA has also detailed how historically the movie industry was nearly destroyed in the 1980s by the VCR until that too was banned and all so called fair use exemptions eliminated. So clearly, these successes with software, content, and hardware indicate the value of a similar approach to law.
   There are many reasons for the value of proprietary law. You all know them since you have been taught them in school since kindergarten as part of your standardized education. They are reflected in our most fundamental beliefs, such as sharing denies the delight of payment and cookies can only be brought into the classroom if you bring enough to sell to everyone. But you are always free to eat them all yourself of course! [audience chuckles knowingly]. But I think it important to repeat such fundamental truths now as they form the core of all we hold dear in this great land.
   First off, we all know our current set of laws requires a micropayment each time a U.S. law is discussed, referenced, or applied by any person anywhere in the world. This financial incentive has produced a large amount of new law over the last decade. This body of law is all based on a core legal code owned by that fine example of American corporate capitalism at its best, the MicroSlaw Corporation. ...
Contrast with this other idea that is actually being tried:
"Your Rights Online: Open Source Effort To Codify America's "Operating System" Online"
"O'Reilly Radar is reporting on an effort to produce Law.gov, 'America's Operating System, Open Source.' The group Public.Resource.Org seeks to 'create a solid business plan, technical specs, and enabling legislation for the federal government to create Law.gov. [They] envision Law.gov as a distributed, open source, authenticated registry and repository of all primary legal materials in the United States.' According to its new website, 'Law.gov would be similar to Data.gov, providing bulk data and feeds to commercial, non-commercial, and governmental organizations wishing to build web sites, operate legal information services, or otherwise use the raw materials of our democracy.'"
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-23 08:57:08
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology (Jeff Schmidt's Disciplined Minds) 
Just to amplify Tere's point, see this book by Jeff Schmidt:
   "Disciplined Minds: A Critical Look at Salaried Professionals and the Soul-Battering System That Shapes Their Lives"
   In this riveting book about the world of professional work, Jeff Schmidt demonstrates that the workplace is a battleground for the very identity of the individual, as is graduate school, where professionals are trained. He shows that professional work is inherently political, and that professionals are hired to subordinate their own vision and maintain strict ?ideological    The hidden root of much career dissatisfaction, argues Schmidt, is the professional?s lack of control over the political component of his or her creative work. Many professionals set out to make a contribution to society and add meaning to their lives. Yet our system of professional education and employment abusively inculcates an acceptance of politically subordinate roles in which professionals typically do not make a significant difference, undermining the creative potential of individuals, organizations and even    Schmidt details the battle one must fight to be an independent thinker and to pursue one?s own social vision in today?s corporate society. He shows how an honest reassessment of what it really means to be a professional employee can be remarkably liberating. After reading this brutally frank book, no one who works for a living will ever think the same way about his or her job.
 From an excerpt of it:
   For understanding the professional, the concept of "ideology" will emerge as much more useful than that of "skill." But what is ideology, exactly? Ideology is thought that justifies action, including routine day-to-day activity. It is your ideology that determines your gut reaction to something done, say, by the president (you feel it is right or wrong), by protesters (you feel it is justified or unjustified), by your boss (you feel it is fair or unfair), by a coworker (you feel it is reasonable or unreasonable) and so on. More importantly, your ideology justifies your own actions to yourself. Economics may bring you back to your employer day after day, but it is ideology that makes that activity feel like a reasonable or unreasonable way to spend your life.
   Work in general is becoming more and more ideological, and so is the workforce that does it. As technology has made production easier, employment has shifted from factories to offices, where work revolves around inherently ideological activities, such as design, analysis, writing, accounting, marketing and other creative tasks. Of course, ideology has been a workplace issue all along: Employers have always scrutinized the attitudes and values of the people they hire, to protect themselves from unionists, radicals and others whose "bad attitude" would undermine workplace discipline. Today, however, for a relatively small but rapidly growing fraction of jobs, employers will carefully assess your attitude for an additional reason: its crucial role in the work itself. On these jobs, which are in every field, from journalism and architecture to education and commercial art, your view of the world threatens to affect not only the quantity and quality of what you produce, but also the very nature of the product. These jobs require strict adherence to an assigned point of view, and so a prerequisite for employment is the willingness and ability to exercise what I call ideological discipline.
   This book is about the people who get these jobs and become members of the ideological workforce -- that is, professionals. My thesis is that the criteria by which individuals are deemed qualified or unqualified to become professionals involve not just technical knowledge as is generally assumed, but also attitude?in particular, attitude toward working within an assigned political and ideological framework. I contend, for example, that all tests of technical knowledge, such as the Graduate Record Examinations (GRE) or the Law School Admission Test (LSAT), are at the same time tests of attitude and that the examinations used to assess professional qualification are no exception. I consider in detail how the neutral-looking technical questions on such examinations probe the candidate's attitude. The qualifying attitude, I find, is an uncritical, subordinate one, which allows professionals to take their ideological lead from their employers and appropriately fine-tune the outlook that they bring to their work. The resulting professional is an obedient thinker, an intellectual property whom employers can trust to experiment, theorize, innovate and create safely within the confines of an assigned ideology. The political and intellectual timidity of today's most highly educated employees is no accident.
   Nothing reveals more clearly the degree to which employed professionals are alienated from their subjects than does the sharply contrasting behavior of the hobbyists or "buffs" in their fields. When hobbyists encounter one another at a social gathering, before long you will find them talking eagerly about the content of their subject of common interest, showing an excitement, enthusiasm, wonder and curiosity that is reminiscent of beginning professional students. This rarely happens when professionals talk casually with their colleagues. Unlike the amateurs, the professionals don't talk much about the work itself; they often appear detached from their subject, as if they don't derive much satisfaction from it. Yes, they "talk shop," but their focus is so far from the content of the work itself that you would have a hard time if you had to guess what kind of "shop" they work in. A commercial bank? A junior high school? A government agency? A university department? Casual conversation among professionals tends to focus on the actions and personalities of employers and powerful figures within their fields -- the standard gossip topics of the powerless. Their gossip is by no means idle, however, for the politics are central to their work as professionals.
   Thus, at the wine-and-cheese reception after an English department colloquium, a first-year graduate student musters the courage to approach the speaker, a well-known professor from another university, and ask a question about literature. But before the conversation has gotten very far, a local faculty member walks up and derails it with the question that he has been waiting to ask: "Is Jones really planning to leave Yale? I heard a rumor." Soon the two professors are engrossed in a wide-ranging discussion about job openings around the country, research grants, book contracts, journal editors and who's jockeying for power in the field. The graduate student, realizing that the conversation is not going to return to the evidently less important topic of literature, retreats back into the crowd. Versions of this generic scene occur frequently in every field.
   The professors here symbolize the tragedy of all employed professionals who started out as students loving their subjects. Such students submit themselves to the process of professional training in an effort to be free of the marketplace, but instead of being strengthened by the process they are crippled by it. Deprived of political control over their own work, they become alienated from their subjects and measure their lives by success in the marketplace
Various reviews:
   So, one p2p issue is going to be that the idea of p2p is running smack into the idea of being a "disciplined mind" as a professional. Compare the whole p2p concept with one thing Jeff Schmidt recommends as discussed in one review:
   "In developing his critique, Schmidt adopts a practical, reader-friendly approach. For example, he analyzes the PhD qualifying exam as a social framework endorsing the status quo with detailed illustrations from his own field, physics, describing the need to memorize tricks that are useful only on exam problems, to restrict attention to "problem fragments" and give priority to theory, all of which prepare a student to accept alienating work in a hierarchical system ... The book concludes with a list of 33 suggestions for radical professionals working in mainstream organizations, such as encouraging coworkers to read radical publications, organizing a union, giving activists inside information, breaking down hierarchy within your field and seeking to break down the division of labor between professionals and nonprofessionals."
But of course, this rebalancing between hierarchies of academics and meshworks of intellectuals (some academic, some amateur or hobbyist) is a larger movement with other underlying trends as well:
   "The 20th century witnessed the rise of many new professionals in fields such as medicine, science, education and politics. Amateurs and their sometimes ramshackle organizations were driven out by people who knew what they were doing and had certificates to prove it. This historic shift is now reversing with Pro-Ams: people who pursue amateur activities to professional standards are increasingly an important part of the society and economy of developed nations. Their leisure is not passive but active and participatory. Their contribution involves the deployment of publicly accredited knowledge and skills, and is often built up over a long career involving sacrifices and frustrations."
More on some of the economics of some of these trends:
   "The Big Crunch" by David Goodstein
   See also, James P. Hogan's novel "Voyage from Yesteryear".
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-23 09:26:48
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walkability: check it before choosing your next 
With rising populations, there is a need to build new cities. How about a new city in the USA designed for walkability? Or other aspects of "sustainability"? Might even be "profitable" for someone with billions of dollars to build one.
Google search:
      Of course, most of the focus on sustainability is on retrofitting. But, considering energy use, it may be better to just start over with bulldozers in some cases. And in any case, we do need more cities. The problem is, people tend to duplicate what they have come to know, so if we just know suburbs and such in the USA, or overcrowded city cores like Manhattan that otherwise might be more functional, we tend to build the wrong stuff. And it's not overly hard to build sustainable and humane cities. Jane Jacobs, for example, had lots to say about that. Still, there are some cities one can point to that are doing better than others. Portland, Oregon? Many Dutch cities with integrated walking and bicycling trails plus mass transit? Curtiba, Brazil? I'm sure there are many more, even as probably none of them are built using everything we know now.
And then, one can just focus on building sustainable "towns".
Of course, if you are going to bother building a new city or a new town, it is tempting to give it a new economics. :-)
   But, maybe best to do just one good thing at a time. :-)
There clearly at least is a market for new towns that are "upscale" and part of that is walkability:
       Architects Andres Duany and Elizabeth Plater-Zyberk want to replace sprawl with old-time neighborhoods. Trouble is, their ideas work too well.
   When Seaside's Ken and Rosemary Scoggins need their groceries, they give a list to their 6-year-old daughter and send her to Modica Market with her little red wagon. After clerks fill out the order, she signs for it and heads back home. Try that anywhere else and you're asking to be featured in a future episode of "America's Most Wanted."
   But Seaside, a retreat located just east of Fort Walton Beach in the Panhandle, is ...
Of course, one aspect of this is "affordability". But, one can hope that it might trickle down as a movement...
The motivational video:
  More on that town (and there are more):
   "Seaside is often cited as the first New Urbanist development. At the time of Seaside's construction, Walton County had no zoning ordinance, leaving Seaside's founders able to plan with a comparatively free hand. In the absence of these regulations (e.g., minimum lot size, separation of uses), Duany and Plater-Zyberk (DPZ) were able to design a mixed-use development with densities greater than conventional suburban development. DPZ hired architects such as Melanie Taylor and Robert Orr to design the buildings and housing for the development. Seaside is primarily a resort community, consisting of residents who live there for months at a time as well as vacationers renting cottages and houses.  ... Seaside is often cited as an example of successful implementation of New Urbanism. Time magazine called it "the most astounding design achievement of its era and, one might hope, the most influential"[1] It has been used as a model for other new urbanist developments in the United States and abroad. However, some have criticized Seaside as being overly rigid, as the community's architectural standards provide strict limitations on the external aesthetics of the houses, resulting in conformity of style rather than creativity ? which some people call a manufactured fantasy. Others have criticized the community for its lack of socioeconomic diversity, which they see as ironic given that the community was itself modeled on the diverse and urban neighborhoods of large North American cities such as New York City and San Francisco.[citation needed] However, Seaside (and New Urbanism more generally) has had a significant impact on urban planning in many cities. New Urbanist developments continue to proliferate across North America, and many planners and urban designers are beginning to understand the importance of mixed-use and higher density communities (see Transit-oriented development).["
But, things change when you add mass transit and so on. We really need to eventually upgrade our whole society, lest each town become an upscale prison in a sea of disaster. That's what is nice about the Netherlands. As a tourist, when you see a bicycle trail or a walkable town, you don't think "this is just for a few rich people". Even as the Netherlands is a relatively rich country (built in part on profits from the slave trade centuries ago, sadly, same as for the USA).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-23 12:13:48
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walkability: check it before choosing your	next 
> [snip]
Great points, especially as more and more cars make alternatives less and less viable by crowding them out. In the USA, many places just seem too unsafe to walk with too many cars, even when there are walkways. I was disappointed ten years ago in the Netherlands seeing the individual push to get cars for various reasons, even with terrific mass transit. So, there definitely is a sense to which automobiles and car culture could almost be compared to an infectious disease. :-)
Also, the USA is one tenth the population density of most of Europe:
and does not have it's history of walkable cities (except in older city cores), so yes, it is very different.
I read somewhere that much of the US suburban land use was shaped by crazy post-WWII mortgage issues; it was thought an assessor could not properly value a house unless it was next to identical houses, thus supporting the creation of monocultures of similar houses in zones -- of course, that approach devalues most homes through boredom. :-( Also, it means that if you economic situation changes or life situation (you get a raise, you lose your job, you get married, or have kids, or lose your spouse, your mother-in-law wants to live with you, and so on, then you can't just get a different place to live in the same diverse community across the street or on the next block over, you have to move miles away to a different zone of houses entirely (bigger ones, smaller ones, apartments, whatever).
Still, even for people in Europe, access to nice places to live may be unaffordable for many these days, especially the young? I wonder what this graph looks like for various European countries?
Still, with a broader diversity of houses, the issue may not be so bad.
I can still wonder if maybe still "seasteading" etc. may have some appeal, even in countries with falling populations? There were reasons many people left to come to the USA, Australia, and elsewhere in past centuries, even if the situation may have changed since for most. Access to income streams and housing and political freedom of some sort were always important issues.
Even if the flow may soon be the other way:
   "The Super Rich are Laughing: The US as Failed State"
   which references this situation:
   "Mayor wants federal probe after SWAT raids house, kills dogs"
   For many young people, perhaps Europe is not an affordable place to stay or raise a family in some ways? Sometimes the only way to get out from a financial pyramid scheme like endlessly rising real estate prices is to just build something new elsewhere? It's a socio-political issue more than a physical issue in that sense.
Certainly the tensions are there under the surface:
   "Are the Greek riots a taste of things to come?"
"Bringing together youths in their early twenties struggling to survive amid mass youth unemployment and schoolchildren swotting for highly competitive university exams that may not ultimately help them in a treacherous jobs market, the events of the past week could be called the first credit-crunch riots. There have been smaller-scale sympathy attacks from Moscow to Copenhagen, and economists say countries with similarly high youth unemployment problems such as Spain and Italy should prepare for unrest. "
In photos:
"2008 Greek riots"
Granted, that is more a macroeconomic issue than a housing one, but, good housing and walkable communities are worthless to most people if it is not affordable to live there.
This is not to pick on Greece. In the USA, it seems the kids in the streets get beaten by the police even when they are not rioting. :-(
"Police used teargas pepper spray and rubber bullets against University of Pittsburgh students during the Pittsburgh G20 Summit. "
"Police used teargas pepper spray and rubber bullets against University of Pittsburgh students during the Pittsburgh G20 Summit. Many of the students were not part of any demonstration but bystanders, curious to find a mass of armed riot police on their campus. For more information and videos visit Police to students: "No matter what your purpose is, you must leave. ..."
I used to hang out around there in the 1980s while at neighboring CMU as a visitor to the robotics labs. I know those streets. If I was that age, I might have been there just looking around.
Of course, in ten or twenty years, riot control may just be done with robots, who will have even less humanity than the human officers. :-(  Once police robots are in place, they will be unlikely to listen to Chaplin's plea from "The Great Dictator" movie (1940):
"Soldiers: Don't give yourselves to brutes, men who despise you, enslave you, who regiment your lives, tell you what to do, what to think and what to feel; who drill you, diet you, treat you like cattle, use you as cannon fodder. Don't give yourselves to these unnatural men, machine men, with machine minds and machine hearts! You are not machines! You are not cattle! You are men! You have the love of humanity in your hearts. You don't hate; only the unloved hate, the unloved and the unnatural."
Soon, the dominant political ideology will be built in to the police robots and military robots. What ideology should that be? Not a new idea, of course:
   The eight-foot metal robot accompanies Klaatu, a visitor to Earth from a distant planet, aboard a flying saucer. He does not speak, but uses a beam weapon projected from beneath a visor to vaporize weapons and obstacles. Klaatu described him as being part of an interstellar police force. He claims that the people of the universe constructed numerous robots like Gort and gave them irrevocable powers to respond to violent actions in order to "preserve the peace." He further claims that "There's no limit to what [Gort] could do. He could destroy the Earth."
   Google search:
The lack of more walkable cities can't stand apart from these other trends. We have the cities we do, with the cars and so on, as a function of ideology and economics. And we are building out from there.
With that said, I believe in a balance of meshworks and hierarchies. Our cities being less and less livable for many is a symptom of this lack of balance. Of course, at some point, symptoms can become causes (disconnected alienated people causing problems beyond the ones that made them that way).
Anyway, this has rambled away from your main point, but the deeper issue is how we build our ideology into our physical infrastructure.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-23 16:04:45
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walkability: check it before choosing your next 
>
This is a bit of a meshworks/hierarchies thing. Any project can cause externalities (good and bad ones).
   If, say, your fish cannery making slurry
"The Old Man and the Lisa"
is going to make it so no one can walk to my bagel shop nearby, then what recourse do I have?
Sure, there is plenty of incentive for you and your "open source" friends to build a fish cannery, but what about the consequences to me?  :-)
But, as soon as you start talking about them, then we are back to "representative councils" or some other mechanism.
I'm wondering if maybe I'm more for doing urban planning via email and via rough consensus than "incentives". Even with incentives, who sets them? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-23 17:33:29
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walkability: check it before choosing your	next 
Yes, people have linked those policies with segregation; example:
   Here is one reference from googling (I read it twenty years ago in a book       To promote predictability in the land market and protect the value of their real estate investments, community builders became strong advocates of zoning and subdivision regulations. Nichols and other leading members of the National Association of Real Estate Boards (NAREB) sought alliances with the National Conference on City Planning (NCCP), American Civic Association (ACA), and American City Planning Institute (ACPI) to bring the issues of suburban development within the realm of city planning. (33)
   Community builders often sought expertise from several design professions, including engineering, landscape architecture, and architecture. As a result, their subdivisions tended to reflect the most up-to-date principles of design; many achieved high artistic quality and conveyed a strong unity of design. By relying on carefully written deed restrictions, as a private form of zoning, they exerted control over the character of their subdivisions, attracted certain kinds of home buyers, and protected real estate values. Many became highly emulated models of suburban life and showcases for period residential design by established local or regional masters. (34) ...
   Federal incentives for the private construction of housing, for employees in defense production facilities during World War II and for returning veterans immediately following the War, fostered dramatic changes in home building practices. Builders began to apply the principles of mass production, standardization, and pre-fabrication to house construction on a large scale. Builders like Fritz B. Burns and Fred W. Marlow of California began to build communities of an unprecedented size, such as Westchester in southeast Los Angeles, where more than 2,300 homes were built to FHA standards between 1941 and 1944 (35)
   By greatly increasing the credit available to private builders and liberalizing the terms of FHA-approved home mortgages, the 1948 Amendments to the National Housing Act provided ideal conditions for the emergence of large-scale corporate builders, called "merchant builders." Because of readily available financing, streamlined methods of construction, and an unprecedented demand for housing, these builders acquired large tracts of land, laid out neighborhoods according to FHA principles, and rapidly constructed large numbers of homes. Since completed homes sold quickly, developers could finance new phases of construction and, as neighborhoods neared completion, move on to new locations.
If you poke at it further, you may find the FHA was the organization in the USA set those kind of guidelines somewhere for housing monocultures, and as you say, they do have implications as relates to segregation (I'm not sure if that was intentional or not). But I'm not sure at this point who set them, or if, as above, the communities may have been part of them?
For reference, I posted before on this young vs. old issue:
The last one may be of the most interest; from there (quoting an article):
"Pitton's sentiments are increasingly shared by the children of Europe's
baby boomers, a generation sometimes called the baby losers. Not only will
they be forced to pick up the tab for a welfare system that offers far more
to the elderly than to the young, but they will be forced to do so with
less: Europe's economy remains skewed in favor of the old and its
politicians have been shy about pushing painful reforms that might correct
the balance. No wonder one recent poll in France showed that only 5 percent
believed young people had a better chance of succeeding than their parents.
Europe, it seems, is increasingly split?not along class or racial lines, but
between its young and its old."
Building on your last point on young people wanting to stay in the pyramid scheme and hope to climb to the top, sadly, I can see how that is likely and how that explains current politics:
   "The Wrath of the Millionaire Wannabe's"
   Well, let's run the numbers on "seasteading" and see how they look. :-)
Apartments in cities cost a lot for a few reasons:
* the price of land has been bid up in a pyramid scheme
* the cost of a pyramid scheme of taxes to supply services to other long term residents
* an aging physical plant of old buildings and old roads that costs more to maintain and defend from fire and flood and mold and so on
* zoning and other rules that prevents very cheap accommodations from being built (single room occupancy buildings or even "capsule" hotel rooms).
Looking at the first Google hit on buying apartments in Rome, it looks like they cost a million euros on up:
Sure, no doubt there may be cheaper ones, I'm just lazy. :-) OK, so I look a little harder on that site and find one for 550K euros:
   "Trastevere via giacomo venezian, close to Piazza Santa Maria in Trastevere - Modern flat of 55 sq.mt ( 592 sq.ft ) located in ancient building at 4th floor without lift. Charming view on the roman roofs. studio with living area, bedroom area, kitchinette and bathroom. A nice condominum terrace on the roof at 5th floor. Asking price euro 550.000."
Now, this is not exactly seasteading, but consider:
"Smart Buyer's Guide to Residential Cruise Ships " "Residential Cruise Line, LTD. Is offering 1 bedroom, 1 bath, 624 sq.ft. apartments on "The Magellan" for a mere $2,160,000."
So, just starting out, we can see that the prices are higher, as you suggest. Plus upkeep costs a lot.
But consider this further, also from the above:
New cruise ships can be built for around $200 million. The most expensive new mega cruise ships cost about $500 million to build.
   All the current prices of residences onboard cruise ships are exorbitant.
   Rich people apparently enjoy squandering their money. It must be a status thing to waste more money than the Joneses. For those who prefer to not waste money trying to outspend the Joneses, there is a better way.
Occasionally a cruise line may have a new ship under construction and run into financial difficulties. They may be forced to abandon the construction project, and an unfinished ship may sit idle in a shipyard. There are such ships available now. One in particular is as follows:
   725' 725ft./221m UNFINISHED 12 DECK PASSENGER VESSEL
   Year: 1990
   Current Price: US$ 15,000,000
   The asking price for this ship is less than the price for one large apartment on "The Magellan." The asking price and selling price are two different prices. This ship could probably be bought for about 11 million dollars. It would be foolish to finish this ship in a Greek union shipyard. It can be economically towed over to the nearby shipyards in Tuzla, Turkey. The ship can be finished there quicker, and for about half the price and with better craftsmanship. This ship could be bought and finished to a high standard equal to "The Orphalese" for a total cost of much less than 100 million dollars (maybe even as low as 60 million). It can be finished to order, with each residential unit customized to suit its owner(s). The finished product would be a brand new completely modern ship with luxury homes onboard which would be at least as good or better than any on the market.
   That still seems like a big chunk of change. But this is a big ship and it would easily accommodate 200 luxury residential units and an additional 200 or so conventional cruise cabins like "The Orphalese." The average cost of the residential units would be less than $500,000. That would mean that the smaller residential units would cost much less than the average price. Also, with an additional two hundred (plus) conventional cruise cabins, the cabin owners could recoup much of the operating costs, and thus virtually eliminate the "maintenance fees" for themselves. The expense to owners can be less than 10% of the going rates if the buyers did not need to pay some slick promoters and salesmen, but just bought the ship directly themselves sharing the actual costs by dividing the ship ownership among the buyers. Why would anyone want to pay ten times as much money to buy, and much higher maintenance fees for a similar shipboard residential unit? The only reason I can think of is to impress others with how much money they can afford to throw away.
   Used cruise ships are an even bigger bargain. Look at the specs for the following unfinished conversion ship for sale: ...
Now, that is *less* than the apartment in Rome. But, that's for "luxury" and for a ship with engines that moves. And so on. There is a huge "ghost fleet" of empty ships right now:
So, there are lots of deals that could be made. There are many container ships being finished that could perhaps be converted in the shipyards.
So, in theory, the prices for "seasteading" on the cheap may not be as expensive as they seem at first. It is possible that custom built seasteads might be even cheaper. For example, one may be able to use electric current to deposit a sort of sea cement or natural coral reef.
   "Biorock, also known as Seacrete, Seament and Sea Cement, is a substance formed by electro-accumulation of minerals dissolved in seawater. This process grows cement-like engineering structures and marine ecosystems, often for mariculture of corals, oysters, clams, lobsters and fish in salt water. It works by passing a small electrical current through electrodes in the water. Biorock grows more or less without limit as long as current flows. ... Correcting for this, biorock becomes rather expensive: At $0.05 per kilowatt hour it would cost $1.10/kg, plus the cost of the electrodes (one of which will be embedded within the resulting object). The production methods used in the original experiment were not optimal, and it is hoped that significantly lower costs will be possible. In some situations biorock may be cost-effective, requiring only metal bars or equivalent and a small amount of electricity."
Expensive, they say, what if we had some better way to go directly from sunlight to biorock in the ocean? Or, some way to not need much material?
Also, if one refit ships for smaller accommodation, one might be able to offer much smaller places to sleep for 50K euros instead (more like capsule hotels or university dorm rooms) and bigger public areas. Maybe one could just call it a floating university instead of a "seastead"? And then permanently dock it near the coast of Italy near Rome? :-)
Eric Hunting might have better numbers or alternatives as far as construction:
  However, those are just purchase costs. While seasteads or cruiseships have significant upkeep costs, consider all the lifetime of costs a young person has to pay for old people when their is no chance they will get much out of a system that has become a pyramid scheme. It might make financial sense for the young to just walk away from that if the laws and social divisions coming out of a pyramid scheme are unfair, and the only other alternative is to die childless in their parent's apartment.
Also, consider copyright, a set of laws that very few young people will ever benefit from at this point. Again, it might make more sense to live somewhere that such laws did not apply.
Similarly, the war on drugs like marijuana is problematical. In general much drug addiction may be just a product of environmental stress:
   Now, take this walkability issue. Small seasteads might be terrible for it (not much to walk to, even if everything is walkable). So, maybe there would need to be a network of these ships? Or a way to row from one to another?
Now, this may sound silly at first, sure. But consider, how long is Venice going to last if sea levels rise? It might be better to just move to ships. :-) Related article:
  "Venice Offers Lessons on Coping with Rising Seas"
   And other places face similar problems, like New Orleans in the USA. What about a floating New Orleans?
But instead of building ships for everyone, as that article describes the solution in Venice is some big engineering project. So, here is an example of ideology built into infrastructure. Rather than building new cheap places to live that would accommodate the young better, the entire populace (the burden on the young in the long term, taking from their future) is paying for engineering to keep the city as it is, with all sorts of expensive upkeep in general. So, in the long term, the young are underwriting the status quo that has decided it does not need them. Is this their future?
   "Manna"
   Or worse, the metaphorical version of "Soylent Green" as is happening in the UK right now:
   "Generation F*cked: How Britain is Eating Its Young" I don't know any of this for sure. You raise good points. It does make more sense to make the current land based systems work out. I'm just playing with the ideas.
But, one reason to think about these ideas is to have some sort of credible alternative (or maybe incredible alternative. :-)
If, say, Italy knows that its youth might just leave, following some Pied Piper like Eric Hunting into the oceans: :-)
      then maybe the country might be nicer to the young people or give them a better cut of the social investment pie?
At least until Italy can afford to import Japanese robots to take care of old people? :-)
   Anyway, so for today's youth in industrialized countries, they face a world in the next ten years with police 'bots and impossible rents, where they can't even share music or have any prospect for jobs, and if they get a job, the taxes may be ruinous paying for a collapsing social benefit pyramid scheme. So, maybe young people should be thinking about alternatives, unless the societies start rethinking their basic assumptions, like a basic income, copyright reform, other economic changes, and so on? :-)
"Getting Greece and Iceland to be 99% self-sufficient by mass; international consortium "
By the way, Waterworld was a terrible movie and not what I'm envisioning:
   But, yes, I could see alternatives disintegrating in their own ways. :-(
The best societies have a mix of all ages, a future (babies, children), a present (parents, other young and middle-aged adults) and a past (the elderly). I'm not advocating splitting them up. The splitting up is being done in the current system by the economic paradigm we have created around us and embedded in the infrastructure (including, as you say, the cars of the more affluent making walking harder). I'm just talking about responding to the current schism among the generations in unusual ways.
You're right it would be better to make the current land-based system work better for everyone. Probably cheaper too in some ways. But socially, the question is, will it happen? It's often easier to walk to something better than to fight entrenched interests that see no reason to cooperate while you have no choice but to play their game.
Still, the promise of the seasteads is that they might have cheaper power, from OTEC or solar power of some sort, as well as ready access to food from the sea.
   So, it is not clear that after they were developed that they would be as expensive. They might someday be cheaper. Same with life in cities in space. Someday, life in alternative places with better technology and different laws and economic assumptions may just be cheaper or more pleasant. Still, family will always hold most people back from trying them, until extended families can move together.
Here's one thing. If we've reached the point where all the young of Europe can do is live in their parent's overcrowded apartments until they turn forty, there is no future generation to worry about. :-( We need to dream again, even if some of the dreams will, admittedly, be nightmares like --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-23 20:50:11
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walkability (on building new stuff on sea and 
Some links as I get more curious about this. :-)
"Residential Cruise Ships - how to change the scenery outside your home"
"We?ve looked at luxury homes on wheels (A, B, C, D, E), relocatable homes
that get delivered to the location of your choice (A, B, C, D), mobile homes
that float (A, B) and even relocatable homes that hang in the trees (A, B).
As the world becomes geographically untethered, we expect the market for
taking it with you will just grow and grow. If you love the serendipitous
discovery of travel but long for the creature comforts and space of home,
the Residential Cruise Ship option might be for you. One of the first such
concepts we covered in our first print issue four years ago was the Freedom
Ship (A, B) and the first fully-operational residential cruise ship was the
Residensea. Now there?s a US$650 million dollar private residential cruise
ship project underway named the Magellan."
"It's called the Freedom Ship"
"It's named the Freedom Ship, and should this most ambitious of projects
ever come to fruition, it will no doubt become one of the most famous and
intriguing places on earth. It is more than a massive ship, though at close
to a mile long, with a full scale airstrip on the roof and 50,000 people
aboard, the sheer magnitude of the exercise is difficult to comprehend. The
Freedom Ship is so large, that it will contain over 200 acres of open area
set aside for recreation and relaxation. ... The Freedom Ship will be the
world's first mobile modern city featuring luxury living, a major world
trade centre and extensive duty-free international shopping. Viewed from
another angle, it will be an incredibly vigorous commercial community with a
broad range of privately owned and operated on-board enterprises which will
sell their products and services world-wide and operate totally free of
local taxes and duties. With its constant movement around the world, and
access to the patrons of the wealthiest resorts, it will almost certainly
become an incredibly powerful financial force. It will be the world's first
portable tourist destination with a steady and substantial stream of
resident and visiting customers, not to mention the world's largest
duty-free retail shopping mall."
In practice, all those ships seem like a rich/poor divide issue. I'm not
sure how one would reconceptualize them otherwise without better (cheaper)
technology or without the draw of moving them around to new places all the time.
Also, for comparison:
"There are over 10.000 houseboats in Holland. Around 2500 lies flat in the
canals or outskirts of Amsterdam. There are real barges, turned into real
homes and  modern houseboats, made on floating material like concrete. The
policy of the Amsterdam city council is to stimulate the boat owners to keep
  historical ships (barges) in the canals of the city centre and not replace
them for new houseboats built on concrete. That leads sometimes to
discussions, because the boats are privately owned and it is very expensive
to keep the boats in capital condition. ... Today, living on the water
becomes a yuppie culture; young people can't afford themselves anymore to
buy a houseboat. There are no more moorings then there already were 15 years
ago and it's difficult to find a mooring with a nice barge (for a reasonable
"Houseboats come in various shapes and sizes.  One of the allures of
trailerable houseboats is that owners can tow their houseboat to many
destinations, rather than being docked at one lake. Many of the modern
designs of trailerable houseboats allow a lot of functionality you find in
many of the bigger houseboats."
"The Blue Heron. 2 bedroom floathome with positive floatation, 19 years old
offered at $295,000. ... Moorage fee of $645 includes parking, hyro, cable
TV, etc. "
So, all very expensive. One probably needs a huge scale to bring the price
down per unit and to be able to deal with storms and other problems.
"Britain's latest attempt at creating a new town is bold, magical - and
raises two fingers to sneering middle-class utopianists. ... Standing in the
backyard of Bluewater, adjacent to Ebbsfleet international station -
Eurostar's suburban link to Europe - the acreage of Ebbsfleet Valley is
three times that of Hyde Park. As the realisation of this whole vision will
take 25 years, the developers behind the scheme, Land Securities, will be
selling dreams of the future for some time yet, even though show homes for
the first stage, at Springhead Park, have recently been completed. Any
doubts harboured by prospective residents - 10,000 new homes in total -
about how the completed town will look are reassured by computer imagery
that conjures up a 21st-century environment similar to beautifully clinical
neighbourhoods in The Sims computer games."
I guess I don't understand why these thing can't happen faster as far as
construction, considering how fast suburbs went up. Why can't we have a more
dense town go up as fast as the Levitown suburbs? There are plenty of
increasingly mainstream companies that might be more than happy to supply stuff:
   "Solar Village is a collection of intelligent green homes that allow you to
take control of ever increasing costs. A Solar Village home can generate low
to zero energy bills, and uses eco-friendly construction methods and
materials to protect the environment."
US example of a new town attempt:
"Johnston Residents Consider Creating New Town"
"Johnston County commissioners recently approved a rezoning request for a
300-acre development near the intersection. ... The biggest challenge can be
convincing people that they should pay new taxes, said attorney David Mills,
who helped the Archer Lodge community go through the incorporation process
Also, why should taxes go up if productive people move in to the new town?
Seems to me that with the right funding, and in an area without zoning, one
should be able to put up a new town for 50,000 people that is walkable and
sustainable in a year, using modular construction, and selling the homes for
typical prices. Should cost about US$5 billion up front to build 20,000
units of building or so at high density with roads and internet, with 20%
profit over two years on the sales of all the homes? :-) There's probably
easily that much money sloshing around looking for a financial "home".
And one maybe could do the same, at more expense, for the oceans, if one
modified one hundred container ships to be a floating village where each
ship housed two hundred families and the ships were interlinked somehow. It
sounds like the dryland town would be an easier sell, though. :-)
You can buy 1000 acres in Texas for US$2.5 million, so the land cost part of
this is trivial.
   What the oceans would get you might be lower taxes and greater flexibility
of laws, but higher maintenance costs of the marine environment.
Of course, it is not like this has not been tried before:
   But, I'm just talking something that looks like a chunk of Philadelphia. :-)
  "Philadelphia is one of the few large cities in the United States to have an
old and well-preserved city centre."
Although maybe with nothing more than three floors.
 From Jane Jacobs's ideas:
"The core assertion underlying this book is that cities are fundamentally
different than suburbs, and large cities (the topic matter here) are
fundamentally different than small cities. Furthermore, some of our popular
conceptions of ideal urban planning (such as division of use and sorting of
housing by income) are not only wrong but actively distructive in large
cities. Some of those approaches can work in suburbs and small cities, where
cars are ubiquitous, density is low, and everyone travels for everything
that they need. As the density rises, structures (planning, government,
development, and even social attitudes) that work in low-density areas start
to break down. Much of the common US negative attitude towards cities is
towards that breakdown and the failure of higher-density districts that are
still run like suburbs. But Jacobs also shows how at a higher density level
than the "grey zone" that she warns against, and with the right combination
of other key factors, a true city can form and thrive. Such a city is a
different kind of social organization than a suburb, one which plays by
different rules and succeeds on different principles.
   The most valuable part of this book for me was part two, which lays out
and discusses in depth the four factors that Jacobs believes are critical to
the healthy development of a city: primary mixed uses, small blocks, a mix
of building ages, and concentration. This provides the analytical foundation
for the rest of the book. If one buys Jacobs's analysis, and it was quite
persuasive for me, the problems with traditional urban planning and many
possible remedies follow naturally. The rest of the book is in a sense an
elaboration of part two, taking those principles and applying them in
practice or studying the reasons why they're not applied.
   What makes this book so powerful and so brilliant is the way Jacobs can
cut to the heart of problems and wrap an explanation around it that looks
obvious in retrospect. For example, consider one of her keys for a
successful city: a mix of building ages. It's common, outside of particular
historical contexts, to like new buildings. They have the best modern
technology, they tend to be more comfortable and convenient, and unless the
alternative is old enough to be historic, they tend to be more aesthetically
pleasing. However, urban renewal in the form of levelling a section of city
and rebuilding with new, "modern" buildings is death for a city for an
obvious reason I never thought about: new buildings have to pay off their
construction costs via rent. Old buildings have already done so. Rent in new
buildings is therefore necessarily higher than that in old buildings. But
nearly all new businesses need low rents, because new businesses have small
or no initial income and can't afford to help pay construction costs on a
brand new building. This form of urban renewal therefore leaves that section
of the city without a place for new business to grow, thus starving out an
engine of growth and development and choking the local economy.
   Another analysis example: at the time Jacobs was writing, housing
projects were very much in style, and those projects tended to be
income-sorted. In other words, housing would be built specifically for
lower-income people, usually partly subsidized. This housing frequently had
an income cap (since it was meant to serve low-income residents), so those
who became successful had to move out.
   Jacobs's simple and cogent point is that successful neighborhoods are
ones that win the loyalty of their residents, leading the residents to want
to stay and improve the neighborhood rather than move out at the first
opportunity to somewhere better. This system works directly against that, by
forcing residents who become successful to move away. It also increases
turnover while reducing the sense of ownership and attachment that residents
have to the neighborhood, which undermines the sense of community policing
and responsibility and leads to people considering actions like vandalism to
be someone else's problem. The income sorting also tends to lead
neighborhoods to become insular, creating an us versus them perception of
surrounding parts of the city that reduces cross-traffic and hence sources
of diversity. That, in turn, reduces the traffic on the streets, making it
hard for retail businesses to thrive and leading to more dangerous streets
(since the best way to make streets safe is to fill them with average people
who feel some sense of responsibility for public order). "
   "For Jacobs, population density is a positive factor in urban residential
neighborhoods, as well as in commercial downtowns. At the time that she
wrote, urbanists such as Lewis Mumford were arguing for optimum densities
comparable to those in the English garden cities, of ten to twenty units per
acre. Jacobs, by contrast, supports densities of 100 units per acre and up,
like those that characterize such vibrant urban districts as New York?s
Greenwich Village, Boston?s North End, Philadelphia?s Rittenhouse Square,
and San Francisco?s North Beach and Telegraph Hill.
   But density must be coupled with variety. Jacobs rejects standardized
high-density housing, like New York?s Stuyvesant Town, a much-heralded
project of high-rise towers in a park-like setting that was developed in the
late 1940s by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, in favor of the rich
mix of housing types found in Greenwich Village: walk-up and elevatored
apartment buildings, rowhouses, and even a few one- and two-family houses.
And she accepts that encouraging higher densities with lower building
heights means construction that covers a higher percentage of the lot, with
less open space within development sites."
So, the walkability idea is interlinked with density and mixed use.
Maybe a three story city with living roof gardens? Plus occasional parks and
then mass transit (or a long walking/biking trail) to a "wild" wilderness
section? Best to build it on an existing rail line if possible. But, that's
why bulldozing low density suburbs might make sense. You could find a suburb
on a rail line, bulldoze it, rebuild at ten time the density, and there
would be minimal extra construction cost, just an extra 10% for buying the
old buildings, most of which are probably obsolete anyway in terms of
excessive energy use and not being insulated well and passive solar. This
place might be a good candidate for bulldozing (avoiding the trees):
  It is on a train line and currently has a density of 1,009.8/sq mi.
Greenwich Village, NYC has a density of about 60,077/ mi:
  So, I suggest we buy Chappaqua, NY, bulldoze it (we can leave the Clinton's
house as a monument to them), and the rebuild it at 60X the density. Things
would only be 20% or so more expensive overall than working from bare ground
in Texas, and we'd get the benefit of being on a train line close to NYC.
Oops, I guess people in Chappaqua might object to the "improvements", even
if they got first choice of the new properties. :-) Well, back to Texas or
the ocean, I guess. :-) Are trains really that important if we will have
self-driving cars?  Anyway, the important issue is, that according to my
rough figures, bulldozing and rebuilding Chappaqua as an "EcoVillage" that
was 60X denser would be tremendously *profitable* even give the pricey real
estate there. :-)
Still, isn't that what "eminent domain" is for? Maybe New York State
Governor Patterson can be asked to help out with that? :-)
   Apparently, all New York has to do is label Chappaqua as "blighted". :-) See:
  Yesterday, the Willets Point United folks stepped up at city hall to express
concern over the nomination of Sonya Sotomayor to the Supreme Court-and urge
that the judge moderate her views on the use and abuse of eminent domain: "
Willets Point community group is denouncing Supreme Court justice nominee
Sonia Sotomayor?s record on eminent domain. About 20 representatives from
Willets Point United gathered in front of City Hall Monday to voice the
detriments of misusing eminent domain.?The city?s trying to take our land
and give it to a rich developer,? said Alfredo Franza, 39, who owns a small
business that manufactures security gates in Willets Point. Franza said he
came to ?fight for our land.? ...
   Secondly, WPU is fighting the eminent domain abuse that the city is
planning in order to remove the 250 businesses from the Willets Point site.
In order to do so, the city has to demonstrate that the area is "blighted."
Given the fact that the so-called blight is directly related to the city's
conscious neglect for the better part of seven decades, well, you can see
where this is going. ...
   As we told Epoch Times: "Currently, when a property is condemned, only
the value of the property is compensated at rates designated by the
developer while costs of unemployment, loss of business revenue, and
inconvenience for long-time customers are not accounted for, said Richard
Lipsky, Willets Point United spokesperson. ?[Sotomayor?s] decision (about
eminent domain) made us very nervous,? said Lipsky. The group hopes that
Sotomayor realizes that the small property owners that are here today are
exactly the kind of people?the underprivileged?she has fought to protect in
her early career."
A square city block (NYC) is about 4 acres.
   Even with a lot of homes that are US$1.5 million on 0.10 acre:
   if we bulldoze something like that, I'm thinking we could build about ten or
so three story buildings on that land (plus sidewalks, road, and parking),
and sell each for $500K, or 5 million. Each building could have three nice
apartments, which in turn would cost US$170K each. So, it only raises the
price maybe 30% to buy even some of the priciest suburban real estate around
and bulldoze it.
Bulldozing other suburbs might not be as expensive.
So, if walkable housing is desirable, economically, it may make a lot of
sense to get out the bulldozers, and the "eminent domain" rulings, at least
in the USA. :-)
   "The term urban sprawl generally has negative connotations due to the health
and environmental issues that sprawl creates. Residents of sprawling
neighborhoods tend to emit more pollution per person and suffer more traffic
fatalities. Sprawl is controversial, with supporters claiming that consumers
prefer lower density neighborhoods and that sprawl does not necessarily
increase traffic. Sprawl is also linked with increased obesity since walking
and bicycling are not viable commuting options. Sprawl negatively impacts
land and water quantity and quality, and may be linked to a decline in
social capital."
So, really, we should be able to declare all US suburbs as "blighted" by
that standard. :-)
Basically, most of the USA's physical plant is worth more bulldozed than
operating. :-)
The same was true, according to Bucky Fuller, as a source of problems in the
1930s depression. People had secured speculative loans with farm properties
that no one wanted anymore (there was no indoor plumbing in many old 1930s
farm houses, for example). At some point, people will realize that homes in
US suburbs that are not walkable to anything of interest, and which can not
produce their own electricity and water, and which require furnaces or
sewers, and which have nearby schools that are really prisons, are just not
worth having. Example of a better home:
   "No Furnaces but Heat Aplenty in ?Passive Houses? "
   (Well, maybe rural areas are different if you can walk to nature. :-)
The logic of bulldozing suburbs rather than build on unbuilt land or ocean
is somewhat similar to this logic:
   "Green shoots rise from brownfields "
Using already disturbed lands would help avoid conflicts between renewable
energy developers and environmental groups concerned about impacts to
wildlife habitat. These conflicts have stalled some high-profile projects
despite the fact that renewable energy sources do not produce heat-trapping
emissions of carbon dioxides, the primary greenhouse gas driving global warming.
   Known as "brownfields," old industrial sites and landfills that have been
cleaned to a certain standard often languish for years waiting
redevelopment. Most are already connected to the electric power grid,
eliminating the need to build miles of costly transmission lines across
pristine lands to bring the power to market.
So, we can help save the planet by building renewable energy plants on the
industrial brownfields, and by building sustainable towns and cities on the
blighted suburbs. :-)
Still, using bulldozers can lead to unexpected problems... :-)
   "VOGON: People of Earth, your attention please. This is Prostetnic Vogon
Jeltz of the Galactic Hyperspace Planning Council. As you will no doubt be
aware, the plans for development of the outlying regions of the Galaxy
require the building of a hyperspatial express route through your star
system, and regrettably your planet is one of those scheduled for
demolition. The process will take slightly less than two of your Earth
minutes. Thank you."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-23 21:31:55
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Peering Disputes Migrate To IPv6 
Here is an example about big peers arguing over exchanging data at the network infrastructure level; I'm not sure what exactly an analogous situation would be at the individual level for distributed wi-fi or something like that?
"As more networks prepare for the transition to IPv6, we're seeing the first peering disputes (sometimes known as 'Internet partitions') involving IPv6 connectivity. The dispute involves Cogent, which has previously been involved in high-profile IPv4 peering spats with Sprint, Level 3 and Telia. Hurricane Electric, which has been an early adopter on IPv6, says Cogent won't peer with it over IPv6. Hurricane has extended an olive branch by baking a cake bearing a message of outreach for Cogent."
 From the datacenterknowledge link:
   IPv6 is the next generation of the Internet Protocol, and will dramatically expand the number of addresses available for web sites, as well as millions of mobile devices with Internet access. Although the transition will address some of the network?s challenges, others will clearly persist. That includes disputes over peering, which have quickly made the jump from IPv4 to IPv6. ...
   ?If you?ve been around long enough, you?d know that normally nobody talks about peering publicly like this,? Leber wrote. ?Then why would I write this post? Because I want to set the record straight regarding Hurricane Electric?s IPv6 peering goals, and nothing in Cogent?s case seems to get through to them.?
   Cogent had less to say its relationship about Hurricane Electric. ?It is public knowledge that our networks are connected,? said Travis Wachter, the Marketing Communications Manager for Cogent. ?As for peering agreements, we cannot discuss them publicly as we have non-disclosure agreements in place.?
   Peering allows two providers exchanging large volumes of traffic to save money by connecting directly, rather than routing traffic across their paid Internet connections. Peering is often free as long as the amount of traffic exchanged is not out of balance, providing substantial cost savings for bandwidth for high-traffic sites and networks.
   Cogent has been involved in a number of high-profile peering disputes over the years, including de-peerings that disrupted IPv4 connectivity with Sprint, Telia and Limelight Networks.
Anyway, it's interesting to think about levels of "peers" in communications hierarchies. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-23 21:37:42
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Developing Nations Crippled By Broadband 
"If you live in the EU, you probably enjoy low broadband costs. If you live in Finland, it's even a legal right. If you live in the US, you probably pay a moderate cost. But if you live in the developing world, a UNCTAD report paints your picture pretty grim. Ridiculously high bandwidth costs are inhibiting developing nations from enjoying productive use of the internet ? like online banking and market tools."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-23 23:41:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google competes for the future; 
In both areas, open source is Google's weapon of choice, and it's one that Microsoft is going to have to figure out quickly if it wants to be a player on the Web. The Web is too big for Microsoft to control it, and the Web is overwhelmingly open source, as Lotus founder Mitch Kapor states:
     "The accomplishment of open source is that it is the back end of the Web, the invisible part, the part that you don't see as a user. All of the servers, pretty much, they run Linux as the operating system; they run Apache as the basic Web server on top of which everything else is built. The main languages out of which Web applications are built - whether it's Perl or Python or PHP or any of the other languages - those are all open source languages. So the infrastructure of the Web is open source ... the Web as we know it is completely dependent on open source."
   Kapor further suggests that Microsoft's war with open source is over, or should be over: open source has won. It's essential infrastructure now, and hence something that Microsoft needs to embrace, not fight. This isn't about open-source religion. It's about pragmatism. Pragmatism that Microsoft, like anyone else, can embrace.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-24 10:58:34
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Developing Nations Crippled By 
> On Fri, Oct 23, 2009 at 8:37 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <
 >
 >>
 >> "If you live in the EU, you probably enjoy low broadband costs. If you
 >> live in Finland, it's even a legal right. If you live in the US, you
 >> probably pay a moderate cost. But if you live in the developing world,
 >> a UNCTAD report  paints your picture pretty grim. Ridiculously high
 >> bandwidth costs are inhibiting developing nations from enjoying
 >> productive use of the internet ? like online banking and market tools."
 >>
 >>  >
 > I agree with the Finns.  It is a human right.  But then again, so is
 > healthcare, food, freedom of movement, ideas, etc.  Few of those are
 > accessible for most.
More of my same old... :-) Perhaps as a more concise analysis/synthesis.
Those "rights" you mention to goods and services and information might be considered part of the "Freedom from Want" aspect of "The Four Freedoms":
   Things like food, travel, and healthcare in theory are all accessible through the market (to the extent they are not public goods that can not be individually purchased, like a good hospital network filled with caring doctors or a reliable healthy food supply system run by happy farmers or a safe reliable global transportation network operated by those who love taking people places they want to go).
The problem is, as Frances Moore Lapp? has pointed out, the market only hears the needs of those with money (either spent by those having capital or spent by those with jobs that earn some money). And, in the long term, as the market needs most people less-and-less (from automation and better design), the idea of an income-through-jobs link for having a right to consume is breaking down. As predicted in 1964 (and indirectly earlier, even by Karl Marx and before him, Charles Fourier), this is happening first in the USA, but it will spread globally eventually:
In the Great Depression of the 1930s, people had lower expectations as well as more relatives with farms, plus more natural land with berries and small game close by, so subsistence living in the USA was more achievable for most people. In the Great Depression of today, there are few natural alternatives and expectations are much higher. People can live on much less, but it would be a lot of culture shock in the USA, assuming they had access to natural capital like a farm or wilderness (and most people do not, and our populations are probably too high to use park land for hunting and gathering and support everyone anyway):
   Jobs can be created using war, schooling, and prisons, but war is increasingly dangerous globally (nuclear weapons, plaques, drones), and schooling and prisons both poison the mind in various ways, creating other social dysfunctions that can feed back to more war. All three are being tried in a desperate struggle by our society to destroy abundance before it threatens the social order, but in the long term, it is questionable if we can burn up abundance fast enough to keep the capitalist system working. A humorous take on this:
   So, the only other solution in a capitalist society is for everyone to have access to the primary industrial capital of society, remitted as a basic income:
            One can do a basic income the hard unpleasant way, based on proving "need" like US welfare, or one can do it the easy pleasant way by just giving a basic amount to everyone without proving "need". Historically, that is the difference between the US welfare system (need based) and the European welfare systems (universal entitlement). Thus, Europe is psychologically better positioned to deal with abundance and joblessness in the long term.
   There are other approaches too, but they move beyond capitalism:
But, the whole nature of "work" will begin to break down when most people are not compelled to do it because they have a basic income. Work will need to be rethought at that point, either as Bob Black suggests (building on Charles Fourier's ideas of around 1800) or in some other way:
   Offshoring has accelerated the job loss trend in the USA, but it would have happened anyway from robotics and computers and better design increasing industrial efficiency (thought of as output per unit of human labor). Other countries will have different dynamics as there is global pent-up unmet demand to live like US Americans materially (in part from seeing US media). But at some point, that pent-up demand will be satisfied, and then a self-limiting of demand will happen. People will begin to realize the social and environmental and political price they have paid to become US Americans. A law of diminishing returns will set in as far as increasing happiness through increasing material goods. Or, even, a law of negative returns on happiness will set in since everything you own, owns you, and time spent with material things can displace time spent with people or nature which may bring more happiness. The next twenty years of politics will be dominated by the playing out of these overall interwoven trend, IHMO. (And then other singularities will come along, like human+ machine AI and we will be in better shape to deal with those singularities in a happy and healthy way if we as a global society are happier and healthier first.)
Still, because production is getting so efficient, and a few big industrialized countries like the USA or Germany or Japan or China (or some others) can produce so much, it is possible that some small nations without much industrial infrastructure will never have anything of much competitive value to offer the global marketplace (beyond being a nice place to live in or to visit, if that). This means some sort of global transfer of industrial wealth if they are not to be left behind. Alternatively, it would just mean the complete end of capitalism, with the acquisition of nanotech 3D printers, where one printer can print other printers plus solar panels for power and devices to process raw materials into 3D printer toner.
So, the debate in the USA about universal access to health care is only the tip of the iceberg of these trends of equitable access to the fruits of industry. We will see this sort of issue played out again and again. And, if we look back at history, we can see it has been playing out for centuries in various ways already (like arguments over land reform or slavery or unionization or workplace regulation and so on).
      A reviewer for the The New York Times suggested the book should be "required reading" for students. In a 1998 interview prior to a speaking engagement at the University of Georgia, Zinn told Catherine Parayre he had set "quiet revolution" as his goal for writing A People's History. "Not a revolution in the classical sense of a seizure of power, but rather from people beginning to take power from within the institutions. In the workplace, the workers would take power to control the conditions of their lives." In 2004, Zinn published a companion volume with Anthony Arnove, titled Voices of a People's History of the United States. The book parallels A People's History in structure, supplementing it with material from frequently overlooked primary sources.
Note that the idea of "worker" itself becomes obsolete. In the USA, we went from 90% of the industrial workforce being in agriculture to 2% over 200 years. We've gone from 30% of the workforce in manufacturing to 12% in about fifty years and it continues to drop (especially with the Great Recession). Do we really need all those "services" that make up most of the rest of what people do, especially with the internet and computers for education and even distributing some medical care? And even if we need some of those "services", do they really need to be done directly for money?
   "Studies Find Reward Often No Motivator: Creativity and intrinsic interest diminish if task is done for gain"
   In a way, email is the new currency. :-) Or twitters, or blog posts, or whatever. These messages play the role fiat money used to play in structuring a big part of our economy. An email message is a much more nuanced way to effect a productive system than fiat money. It's the difference between, say, talking to a person about life philosophy (with conversation through email) and training a dog (with treats bought with money).
Right now, "developing" nations are seeing an internet dominated by the wealthy in those nations, (even the USA has aspects of this), and that is one reason the OLPC project (and predecessors) was so significant as an idea, to empower materially poorer people to have their needs and their views known globally and hopefully acted on in a positive way, even as they make their own unique contributions of insights, stories, and wisdom to the global commons. My writing on this in 2000, envisioning something like the OLPC:
    From what I wrote last year:
   Wikipedia. GNU/Linux. WordNet. Google. These things were not on the visible horizon to most of us even as little as twenty years ago. Now they have remade huge aspects of how we live. Are these free-to-the-user informational products and services all there is to be on the internet or are they the tip of a metaphorical iceberg of free stuff and free services that is heading our way? Or even, via projects like the RepRap 3D printer under development, are free physical objects someday heading into our homes? If a "post-scarcity" iceberg is coming, are our older scarcity-oriented social institutions prepared to survive it? Or like the Titanic, will these social institutions sink once the full force of the iceberg contacts them? And will they start taking on water even if just dinged by little chunks of sea ice like the cheap $100 laptops that are ahead of the main iceberg?
Mobile phones have proved to be more of the bigger concept though.
   Though all these trends are interrelated.
   But, I can't know for sure how it will play out, because people may come up with unique solutions,
   or the whole thing may dissolve into global war as the social systems collapse because it becomes too hard to enforce artificial scarcity and the new models based on universal abundance are fought. James P. Hogan, Bucky Fuller, and Jacque Fresco have different, but related, takes on this I tend to lean towards as a techy person, but there are many others with alternative expectations and proposals (Frances Moore Lapp?, Jane Jacobs, Ursula K. Le Guin, and so on) that will all be part of working out this issue of "accessibility" of the fruits of the means of production and global capital of various sorts (or solar-system-wide capital, eventually).
Of course, another complexity is that many do not believe in the potential for global abundance, thus justifying creating more artificial scarcity and fighting over that perceived scarcity, etc..
   "A post-scarcity "Downfall" parody remix of the bunker scene"
And there are likely those very few who do understand the potential for abundance, but fight it with everything they have got to maintain a pyramidal society where they are either on top or "wannabee".
      I fictionally implied something like that back in 2003 when doing a tiny little bit along with many others to prevent the Iraq war:
   "The Lion Memo [With apologies to C.S. Lewis & The Screwtape Letters]"
   Or, as has been said to be an ancient Chinese curse, it seems we live in:
   "Interesting times". :-(
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-24 11:04:24
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I feel it's more like low transaction costs (including agreed on licenses and cheap bandwith) as well as increasing scale is a precondition for "stigmergy" and "stigmergic collaboration":
       From the second link:
   4. Collaboration in large groups (roughly 25-n) is dependent upon stigmergy.
   Although social mediation is an inherent part of collaboration, when applied in traditional face-to-face collaboration social mediation can provide a barrier to the rapid and seamless integration of contributions that characterises projects such as Wikipedia.org and the Open Source software movement. It may be that there is simply so much complex information to be negotiated when people communicate directly that the negotiations of the many collapse under their own weight without the mediation of an administrative/stigmergic system.
   This is not to say that social negotiation does not take place in stigmergic collaborative contexts ? it may even be essential to developing the collaborative community ? but rather that negotiation takes a back seat in terms of the creative drafting process. Most (if not all) stigmergic wiki collaborations have discussions associated with the content being developed, but it is possible to contribute (to Wikipedia.org, for instance) without discussing what you are contributing or creating. Conversely, it is also possible to take part in discussion without editing an article. Although such discussions are most certainly an important and perhaps crucial form of contribution, they are typically secondary to the objectives of the overall project. For an example of a discussion accompanying mass collaboration, see the Israel talk page at Wikipedia.org. In addition to such points of discussion, bulletin boards, IRC (chat) and email lists often support and augment the negotiation.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-24 11:13:59
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Petition against police violence to 
In the long term, we need structural reform more than we need to ask the police to be nicer to individuals.
As I suggested before, in ten or twenty years, policing will just be done with robots, who will have even less humanity than the human officers. :-(
Google search:
"Researchers at MIT's Robust Robotics Group have developed a robotic
helicopter capable of autonomously flying inside buildings or other
GPS-denied environments. It has an on-board camera and a laser scanner that
maps the local environment. The video talks about search-and-rescue and
civil engineering applications, but it also brings somewhat scary reminders
of Minority Report to my head. How long till I see one of these chasing me
down a dark alley? The team's website has more videos showing earlier stages
of the project."
An apparent robocop mock up, but likely within twenty years:
   "Humanoid Automonous Police Robot"
   As depicted here in text fiction:
   For reference:
   "Latest Humanoid Robot (to help disabled and older people)"
   But one for real with treads available right now:
  "Armed robots ? similar to the ones now on patrol in Iraq ? are being marketed to domestic police forces, according to the machines? manufacturer and law enforcement officers.  None of the gun-toting ?bots appear to have been deployed domestically,  yet.  Both cops and company officials say it?s only a matter of time, however. ... Other than some R&D with the shotgun mount, we haven?t used it operationally,"  Massachusetts State Police Trooper Mike Rogowski tells DANGER ROOM.  "But they?re on the way.  They?re coming," "
And this one in Korea is it seems currently in use (previously mentioned):
   "South Korea's Machine Gun Sentry Robot"
   And already there is use of Predator drones in my home state (previously "Predator Drone Patrolling New York Border "
We have so few years to turn this culture around as we continue to build our values and an assumption of scarcity instead of abundance into infrastructure of advanced technology.
If we have the amazing technology we need to build police robots, we ironically should not need them (at least for what they are planned to be used for.)
   "Jacque Fresco on Research & Development versus Law & making the world work for everybody"
   Or, from 1940 and Charlie Chaplin:
"Greed has poisoned men's souls, has barricaded the world with hate, has goose-stepped us into misery and bloodshed. We have developed speed but we have shut ourselves in. Machinery that gives abundance has left us in want. Our knowledge has made us cynical, our cleverness hard and unkind. We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery, we need humanity. More than cleverness, we need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost."
It is amazing now how fast a couple buttons can get pushed to permanently shut someone out of a digital world (banning from some digital forum). Soon, it may not be that hard to do the same physically.
   "In addition to being used for security systems, authorities have found a number of other applications for facial recognition systems. While earlier post 9/11 deployments were well publicized trials, more recent deployments are rarely written about due to their covert nature."
The same metal we can use to build spaceships and seasteads and skyscrapers can also be used to forge chains.
But, once police robots are in place, they will be unlikely to listen to Chaplin's plea from that movie: "Soldiers: Don't give yourselves to brutes, men who despise you, enslave you, who regiment your lives, tell you what to do, what to think and what to feel; who drill you, diet you, treat you like cattle, use you as cannon fodder. Don't give yourselves to these unnatural men, machine men, with machine minds and machine hearts! You are not machines! You are not cattle! You are men! You have the love of humanity in your hearts. You don't hate; only the unloved hate, the unloved and the Still, eventually the robots may become more compassionate than the people who build them or deploy them? One can hope.
   But until then, we need structural reforms, IMHO.
"Getting Greece and Iceland to be 99% self-sufficient by mass; international --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-24 12:49:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
That's an important and insightful distinction of using something vs. having a related worldview, agreed.
More broadly, perhaps it also relates to who choose to shape environments and those who choose to live in them. For example Steve Jobs and others (indirectly Alan Kay) made the Macintosh what it is for whatever reasons they had, but many more people use Macintoshes for whatever reasons they have. Or one could say the same of GNU/Linux or the electric power network or whatever. Though, at some point, systems may wrap around on themselves, so, you use Macintoshes to design new Macintoshes, or GNU/Linux to blog about free software, or electric power to work on solar energy research.
But, you're also right that some people adopt these trends, and some people reject them or resist them (sometimes rightfully).
For example, here is yet another expose (from 1997) of what is wrong with the University system that we let shape our young lives:
"University Secrets: Your Guide to Surviving a College Education "
Some resist that, some embrace that. People may even embrace it at one point and resist it at another, like Jeff Schmidt:
   Still, as Chomsky suggests negatively in relation to universities, but which may apply positively to peer-to-peer and stigmergy: :-)
   "People within them, who don?t adjust to that structure, who don?t accept it and internalize it (you can?t really work with it unless you internalize it, and believe it); people who don?t do that are likely to be weeded out along the way, starting from kindergarten, all the way up."
And so, the social pendulum swings back the other way...
So, we may see peer-to-peer be self-selecting somewhat in that sense in the long run. People who don't deeply believe in sharing will reject participating in Wikipedia or blogs or mailing lists, unless, as you suggest, they just see a need for it for other reasons (self-promotion, a desire to see a job well done, whatever). But, then, in the process of engaging with the peer-to-peer process for other reasons, their world views may slowly transform.
For example, consider the ironic cognitive dissonance of people who are posting to conservative news sites and related mailing lists in their free time but go on and on about the essential importance of free markets as essentially the only way to make the world a better place. Something has got to give on that eventually. :-)
Still, there is this: :-)
   "The Argument Sketch"
  M:  Well?
A:   Well what?
M:   That wasn't really five minutes, just now.
A:    I told you, I'm not allowed to argue unless you've paid.
M:   I just paid!
A:   No you didn't.
M:   I DID!
A:   No you didn't.
M:  Look, I don't want to argue about that.
A:  Well, you didn't pay.
M:  Aha. If I didn't pay, why are you arguing? I Got you!
A:   No you haven't.
M:  Yes I have. If you're arguing, I must have paid.
A:   Not necessarily. I could be arguing in my spare time.
M:  Oh I've had enough of this.
A:   No you haven't.
M:  Oh Shut up.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-24 13:02:13
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
How about a basic tenet of p2p should be to avoid the creation and enforcement of artificial scarcity? And digital goods or ideas with now effectively no significant reproduction costs are the first example?
Even if current real scarcity may need to be managed somehow, again perhaps by p2p methods or others (a market and a basic income of ration units, etc.)?
Perhaps this also helps address the issue Michel points out about diversity of approaches. To enforce artificial scarcity by the state is much uglier and harder to justify than enforcing some rules about managing real scarcity. Yet, more and more of what the state does is enforce ideas about artificial scarcity (the drug war, copyrights and patents, laws about what consenting adults can do in the bedroom, giving money to bankers, etc.)
But, that's a social libertarian position -- that the state should not be poking its nose into lots of things. Still, a redistributive (basic income) aspect of such an approach would not be propertarian libertarian, which tends to worship the market, although it would be more libertarian socialist.
         But, I can see that codifying things in that direction would be alienating to many enmeshed in the current systems. And it might also not be accurate enough. Again, Manuel de Landa:
   "Indeed, one must resist the temptation to make hierarchies into villains and meshworks into heroes, not only because, as I said, they are constantly turning into one another, but because in real life we find only mixtures and hybrids, and the properties of these cannot be established through theory alone but demand concrete experimentation."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-24 20:28:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google Social Search, 
"Web 2.0 Summit: Marissa Mayer Shows Off Social Search, Results From Your Social Networks"
Mentioned here:
"There's a new Google product called Social Search that is launching in Google Labs. This is a new feature that allows you to see results for queries from people in your social network."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-24 20:46:42
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google chief: Vast changes to Web loom 
ORLANDO -- A Web where Chinese is the dominant language and connections are so fast that distinctions between audio, video and text are blurred is perhaps just five years away, the head of Google said Wednesday.
Eric Schmidt, chairman and CEO of the Internet giant, spoke to about 5,000 chief information officers and information technology executives at a technology conference.
   "All of these distinctions will completely go away," he said. "We're not trying to design the future. We're trying to invent it along the way. ... This is about inventing the future, and we score ourselves based on whether our customers like it."
   Teens today consume information much differently on the Web and are able to juggle various forms of information seamlessly, he said. Streams of information will increase as connections grow faster, and if Web surfers feel as though they are drowning in information, it is because a fundamental shift is occurring to user-generated content. The success of such sites as Facebook and Twitter are examples of this shift, Schmidt said.
   "You will tend to listen to other people," he said.
   The problem is how to organize all the information, he said. It is the fundamental problem facing Google, a company that offers many products but was built on a Web search engine that trolls for information, gathers it and ranks it for users. Schmidt asked rhetorically how, for instance, Google might be able to rank a user's individual tweets. ...
Mentioned here:
I like the topic of organizing information, like with the Pointrel system.
   Which ultimately predates both RDF and WordNet. :-)
I sent Google my resume on 1/3/02 at 8:46 AM to jobs at google.com but never heard back (beyond from the autoresponder. :-)
"We appreciate your interest in joining the Google team. We received
your email inquiry and look forward to the opportunity to review your
background and experience. If there is an opening which matches your
skills and experience, we will be in touch soon."
Part of that note:
I have devoted most of my life to building systems that manage
information. I have been very inspired by William Kent's book "Data &
   which touches on the difficulty of making sense of the universe through
building representations (much as we need to make the attempt anyway to
support specific ventures).
Guess they got a lot of resumes back then. :-)
Maybe it was all for the best anyway. I'd probably never have written most of the other essay stuff I have since then, either here or elsewhere, and in the process broadening out a lot. :-) Including OpenVirgle stuff, yanking Google's chain after it yanked the space communities chain: :-)
   Which then moved to my involvement with Nathan's spinofff of this list as "Open Manufacturing".
   I'm not even sure I'd want to work for them these days? Still, it might be  fun.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-24 21:23:54
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Internet Archive Puts 1.6M E-Books On 
"Brewster Kahle of the San Francisco-based Internet Archive announced today that all 1.6 million books scanned and digitized by the Archive will be available for reading on XO laptops built by the Cambridge, MA-based One Laptop Per Child Foundation. The announcement came during a session on electronic books and electronic publishing at the Boston Book Festival. Kahle said the Archive has been collaborating with OLPC for a year to format the e-books for display on the XO laptops, some 750,000 of which are in use by children in developing countries."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-25 10:58:17
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | White House Website Switches To Open 
"WhiteHouse.gov has gone Drupal. After months of planning, says an Obama Administration source, the White House has ditched the proprietary content management system that had been in place since the days of the Bush Administration in favor of the latest version of the open-source Drupal software. Dries Buytaert reflected on this, adding: 'this is a clear sign that governments realize that Open Source does not pose additional risks compared to proprietary software, and furthermore, that by moving away from proprietary software, they are not being locked into a particular technology, and that they can benefit from the innovation that is the result of thousands of developers collaborating on Drupal.'"
 From the techpresident link: "Let's really try to extract the last drop of possible meaning from a choice over a CMS. Squint a bit, and it's possible to see the White House's move to open-source software as a move towards the idea that collaborative programming can inspire -- or at least, support -- a more distributed politics. That idea bubbled up in 2004, when young programmers experimented with using Drupal itself to turn the Howard Dean campaign into the Howard Dean network. This idea, that a politics crafted by the people could be a powerful thing indeed, emerged in a slightly mutated way during the Obama presidential campaign, but has arguably receded below the surface during the first nine months of the Obama Administration. First the WhiteHouse.gov CMS gets more open, then the White House OS? Perhaps."
Yet, even as the White House becomes more efficient and the website costs less, this is one more step towards a post-scarcity future that the White House is not directly engaging:
"Why limited demand means joblessness"
 "Summary: Mainstream economics assumes demand for almost anything is infinite. Thus, the theory goes, when human workers get replaced by robots, or better design means less human labor is needed, then there will soon be new jobs making new things; the only issue might be retraining. But, if demand is limited (because the best things in life are free or cheap, and everything you own also owns you), then when people get laid off, the jobs are gone for good, because there is nothing more that anybody wants then is already produced. And people having more time outside of compulsory work would be a good thing, if we more evenly shared the wealth from automation and better design, but we don?t ? yet."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-25 11:13:40
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
How is "fractal" the same or different from "stigmergic"?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-25 18:22:21
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Coming to the Battlefield: Stone-Cold Robot Killers 
Something worse to follow up on my previous post on the development of police robots to contain rioters and others.
"Coming to the Battlefield: Stone-Cold Robot Killers"
 "Armed robotic aircraft soar in the skies above Pakistan, hurling death down on America's enemies in the war on terrorism. Soon -- years, not decades, from now -- American armed robots will patrol on the ground as well, fundamentally transforming the face of battle. Conventional war, even genocide, may be abolished by a robotic American Peace.
   The detachment with which the United States can inflict death upon our enemies is surely one reason why U.S. military involvement around the world has expanded over the past two decades. The excellence of American military technology makes it possible for U.S. forces to inflict vast damage upon the enemy while suffering comparatively modest harm in return. ...
   The rapid emergence of the armed unmanned air vehicles (UAVs) that roam over Pakistan is a sequel to Moore's Law. Onboard computers became far more powerful, so automatic pilots became far more competent. Signal processors became more sophisticated, facilitating collection and processing of more interesting intelligence. Global Positioning System receivers shrank and could be economically employed on small robotic aircraft. Precision-guided munitions could deliver lethal firepower. And so forth. ...
   The U.S. Navy has arguably moved farthest toward substituting treasure for blood. A generation ago the Reagan administration brought World War II-era battleships out of mothballs to provide gunfire support to onshore operations. With a crew of more than 1,500, these ships were designed to be manned by the low-paid draftees of the 1940s, not the more amply rewarded volunteers of the 1980s. The Navy couldn't afford them, and the ships were soon returned to mothballs. In their place, the Navy came up with the new DDG-1000 Zumwalt destroyer, an automated warship with a crew of only 150. ..."
So, technology and robotics is not just replacing people, it is also fewer people doing more (damage).
Moore's law shows now signs of stopping for the next two decades. So, we will see smarter and smarter machines in the battlefield. And less and less people to operate the war machines.
The Washington Post says these robots will only be used to prevent genocide, without considering the alternative, that they may be used in them.
I came across that while looking what the freepers say about robots:
   This linked one's interesting as it makes fences useless:
"Video footage has been released of a [shoebox sized] robot that can leap over obstacles more than 7.5m (25ft) high."
Looks like the USA is starting to lose control of its own drones (no surprise, was only a matter of time):
  "The aircraft was flying a combat mission when positive control of the MQ-9 was lost. When the aircraft remained on a course that would depart Afghanistan's airspace, a US Air Force manned aircraft took proactive measures to down the Reaper in a remote area of northern Afghanistan."
I've heard of this one before:
"Upcoming Military Robot Could Feed on Dead Bodies"
Anyway, the conservatives don't get it about technology invalidating much conservative ideology, IHMO. Two big reasons:
* all this fancy technology means that scarcity is potentially over, and
* all this fancy technology means genocide against all people (or any arbitrarily categorized people) is easier.
As was said in 1964:
Some of the posters at The Free Republic start to get it:
   "U.S. Army Tests Flying Robot Sniper"
  "A little more miniaturization and we?ll be in Biblical territory ... locusts, with the face of a man, having the power to sting and to torment. How else could such a thing have been described two thousand years ago?"
and another there:
"Inch by inch, step by step..robot apocalypse! The end is near."
Many there see it, joke about it, and presumably do nothing. Or remain worried, but unable to break out of an ideology that celebrates the market, extrinsic security to defend brittle infrastructure, and unilateral dominance instead of cooperation, intrinsically secure infrastructural like local renewable energy, and mutual security.
Still, this may be an interesting theme to build on: :-)
"Real Soldiers Love Their Robot Brethren"
Human warriors have long spoken of the bonds forged in combat and of becoming a "band of brothers." The fact that some of those fellow soldiers are made of metal has not discouraged human feelings toward them.
   Thousands of robots now fight with humans on modern battlefields that resemble scenes from science fiction movies such as "Terminator Salvation." But the real world poses a more complex situation than humans versus robots, and has added new twists to the psychology of war.
   "One of the psychologically interesting things is that these systems aren't designed to promote intimacy, and yet we're seeing these bonds being built with them," said Peter Singer, a leading defense analyst at the Brookings Institution and author of "Wired for War: The Robotics Revolution and Conflict in the 21st Century" (Penguin Press HC, 2009).
   Singer highlights many accounts of human soldiers feeling strong affection for their robots - especially on the Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) teams where Packbots and Talon robots undertake the risk of disabling improvised explosives planted by insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan.
   One EOD soldier brought in a robot for repairs with tears in his eyes and asked the repair shop if it could put "Scooby-Doo" back together. Despite being assured that he would get a new robot, the soldier remained inconsolable. He only wanted Scooby-Doo.
So, maybe one can hope for robots and people working together at something other than destruction?
   "War is a force that gives us meaning"
       "War is a racket"
   So little time left as this trend grows exponentially. Mainstream papers are now saying "years, not decades" to this stuff on the ground.
Still, some hopeful signs:
"Hospital Robot Helps to Save Lives Off Battlefield "
Once confined solely to the pages of science fiction, remotely controlled robots are now commonplace on today?s battlefield, extending the reach of bomb experts and being used extensively to search for and destroy booby traps intent on killing U.S. troops.
   Remotely piloted aircraft also have proven their worth in combat, and now are in high demand, allowing the U.S. military to project its firepower and reconnaissance capabilities beyond its troops? reach.
   And behind the scenes in a handful of military hospitals, the use of remotely controlled robots is being explored as a means of projecting doctors? expertise beyond the walls of their own medical facilities and into places where troops need their specialty care.
   ?It takes a little bit of an imagination. It?s hard for some people to grasp everything that you can do with this thing,? said Dr. Kevin Chung, the medical director for the burn intensive care unit at the Army?s burn center at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio. ?The potential is limitless.?
   Chung is one of the military?s pioneers in robotic telepresence, and he regularly pilots a robot around the halls of the intensive care unit at BAMC. His RP-7 robot, made by InTouch Health, a robotics technology company based in Santa Barbara, Calif., is a wireless, mobile, robot that allows Chung to be in many places at once.
   A laptop computer connected to a wireless signal serves as the control station for the robot, which brings to mind a souped-up, four-foot tall version of Disney?s animated robot ?WALL-E.?
   A computer screen serves as its head, with a camera that can pan, tilt and zoom. Two-way audio and video allows for interaction between doctor and patient or staff. Using the robot, Chung can interact with patients, check vital-sign monitors, examine X-rays and zoom in to read charts or examine a patient's wound. The system also can capture and share digital images and    The RP-7 can move freely, guided remotely by Chung. Chung recently returned from a six-month deployment as a critical care doctor at a combat support hospital in Baghdad. While he was there, he said, he was able to log in via satellite to the robot at BAMC and make his rounds seeing patients there. Twice, Chung was able to see and direct treatment for patients he had seen first in Baghdad to follow up on their care after they were flown to BAMC. ... The program still is in its pilot stage, but the goal is to have robots stationed at all military treatment facilities so that the experts can project their presence anywhere, Chung said. ... Chung acknowledged it also takes some time for the staff and doctors to get used to using and interacting with the robots. The patients, however, seem to like the robot, he added. ...
   ?If you look at this simply, it is a video teleconference on wheels,? Chung said. ?As the technology improves, I think this is going to become a very useful tool.?
   Already, though, the robot has proved its worth in Chung?s eyes, as a tool that can be used to save lives. Since he has been using the robot, he said, a handful of his patients were dying, and he was able to direct their resuscitation from a different state. ...
And also:
"Pentagon hires British scientist to help build robot soldiers that 'won't commit war crimes'"
"The US Army and Navy have both hired experts in the ethics of building machines to prevent the creation of an amoral Terminator-style killing machine that murders indiscriminately. By 2010 the US will have invested $4 billion in a research programme into "autonomous systems", the military jargon for robots, on the basis that they would not succumb to fear or the desire for vengeance that afflicts frontline soldiers. A British robotics expert has been recruited by the US Navy to advise them on building robots that do not violate the Geneva Conventions."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-26 09:13:37
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Save the Planet, Eat Your Dog 
I don't necessarily agree with this: :-)
   "Slashdot | Save the Planet, Eat Your Dog"
"New Zealand's Dominion Post reports on a new book just released, Time to Eat the Dog: The real guide to sustainable living. In this book, they compare the environmental footprint of our housepets to other things that we own. Like that German Shepherd? It consumes more resources than two Toyota SUVs. Cats are a little less than a Volkswagen Golf. Two hamsters are about the same as a plasma TV. Their suggestions? Chickens, rabbits, and pigs. But only if you eat them."
But it has some interesting discussion about calculating environmental impacts. I agree in general that meat production is resource intensive (and often cruel):
"The real message here is that we can afford to restore hundreds of millions of acres in the U.S. if we simply shift our diets away from meat. Many organizations spend their time fighting sprawl and championing agriculture as a benign use of the land. If a similar amount of effort were directed toward reducing agricultural production, we would produce far greater protection and restoration for declining species, endangered ecosystems and ecological processes. When critics suggest that we don't have the money to buy land for wildlands restoration, they are forgetting agricultural subsidies, which amount to hundreds of billions of dollars. For what we spend to prop up marginal agricultural producers, we could easily buy most of the private farm and ranch land in the country. This would be a far more effective way to contain sprawl, restore wildlands, bring back endangered species, clean up water, slow the spread of exotic species and reduce soil (For the record, we have more than one dog. And we try to feed them more on the vegetarian side of things. And we have chickens, but don't eat them either. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-26 14:26:07
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] College Daze links (was Re: : FlossedBk, 
Just giving colleges a little help going where they are going. :-)
Here are lots of links on big picture issues with academia posted by me yesterday in an out of the way place: :-)
   But, consider them some background links to think about for adding here:
     (At least some of these are there already.)
   "The Underground History of American Education" by 1991 NYS Teacher of
the Year John Taylor Gatto
      "The Seven Lesson Schoolteacher" also by John Taylor Gatto
      "State Controlled Consciousness" also by John Taylor Gatto
      "The Big Crunch" by David Goodstein, Vice Provost, Caltech
      "Disciplined Minds" by Jeff Schmidt
      "What Makes Mainstream Media Mainstream" by Noam Chomsky
      "University Secrets:Your Guide to Surviving a College Education" by Robert D. Honigman
   "The Kept University"
      "In Defense of Childhood: Protecting Kids? Inner Wildness " by Chris
Mercogliano, who spent thirty-five years teaching at the Albany Free School
      "Teach Your Own" by John Holt (and other books)
      "The Teenage Liberation Handbook" by Grace Llewellyn (and other books)
       "The Emergence of Compulsory Schooling and Anarchist Resistance" By Matt Hern
   "Sustainable Education" by Jerry Mintz
      "Federated Learning Communities"
      "College for $99 a Month"    "College is a Waste of Time and Money"
       "We?re NOT Off to See the Wizard: REVISITING THE IDEA OF COLLEGE"
      "The Three Boxes of Life and How to Get Out of Them: An Introduction to
Life/Work Planning" by Richard N. Bolles (also writes "What Color is Your
      "Is Higher Education in Need of a Moral Bailout? The Corporate Stranglehold on Education"
      "To fix US schools, panel says, start over" (a little too commercial oriented in their goals for me...)
      "Can the Right Kinds of Play Teach Self-Control?"
      "The Alternative Education Resource Organization (AERO)"
      "Un-schooling, Homeschooling, and Autodidactic Features"
      "Freeman Dyson on the PhD system and other things"
      "You students are proud possessors of the PhD, or some similar token of academic respectability. You have endured many years of poverty and hard labor. Now you are ready to go to your just rewards, to a place on the tenure track of the university, or on the board of directors of a company. And here am I, a person who never had a PhD myself and fought all my life against the PhD system and everything it stands for. Of course I fought in vain. The grip of the PhD system on academic life is tighter today than it has ever been. But I will continue to fight against it for as long as I live. In short I am proud to be heretic. Unfortunately, I am an old heretic. Old heretics don't cut much ice. What the world needs is young heretics. I am hoping that one or two of you may fill that role. ..."
   "Generation Debt; Wanted: Really Smart Suckers: Grad school provides exciting new road to poverty"
        A page with yet more links: :-)
   "Links About Academia"
   General related:
                  There of my essays on this:
   "The true cost of a Princeton-style education in the OLPC era"
      "Post-Scarcity Princeton, or, Reading between the lines of PAW for
prospective Princeton students, or, the Health Risks of Heart Disease "
     "Towards a Post-Scarcity New York State of Mind (through homeschooling)"
Probably lots more links out there. I just added about dozen compared to what I posted yesterday from memory of stuff I had visited before.
The above links would take many days (months, years?) to digest, and I have not read each resource in its entirety, and in general these links would make the subject for a nice graduate seminar in education. :-) I took one seminar that from Patrick Hill as a 16 year old freshman at SUNY Stony Brook (what was I thinking? :-), but nothing I remember there was near this kind of radical. :-) But maybe I was not paying enough attention? But the (sadly, late) Pat Hill was inspirational none-the-less, and he tried his best to make the university work with a Federated Learning Community model (links above). But the issues of community and learning and how they are intertwined in universities (or beyond) that he was concerned with has stayed with me as a question. Universities can even adopt a Federated Learning Community approach for some improvements that stay close to what they are.
An example one from the past at SUNY Stony Brook on Globalization (the one I was in was on "Human Nature"):
   But it would seem that simple reforms like Federated Learning Communities can address all the deep issues with academia discussed in the links above (even if they may help some, and don't require that much change to academia to adopt). But they are an easy start compared to everything else. :-) Basically, you have the usual individual courses, but the same group of twenty five or so people take them, and you have one core course just for the community where people meet and talk, plus one faculty member acts as a learner as well. There is more to it than that, but even that can seem too radical and too "interdisciplinary" for many universities.
Another possible point, even as the market has problems, especially affordability for many, is to look at "free market education":
  But, peer-to-peer education might seem able to transcend the market most of the time?
With all that said, there were a lot of things about college I liked. :-) As a place to just live near, and take courses of specific interest face-to-face with others or involving special equipment, a college campus is a great idea (even as the course model itself is breaking down compared to mentorship, apprenticeship, and lightly guided or independent study). It is the other social and economic and hierarchical aspects that surround college mythologically which make for the most problems. Of all the places to hang out, I still think a college campus has the most promise in many ways. :-)
Just a note: for someone who is in high school now, I can see the argument that a good place to sit out the next decade of tumultuous changes in the economy is piling up debt in college, because it is possible the debt may be worthless (with a devalued dollar or a major economic transition to post-scarcity) in ten or twenty years. If your mentally prepared to not take schooling it too seriously and not let it interfere with your education. :-)
But here is the worst part of academia, from inside one of the resources linked above:
"Lost faith-- Poor housing and lack of community have undoubtedly hurt many students, caused many to drop out, and some to commit suicide. But there is a deeper tragedy than poor housing or a lack of community. Generations of students have lost faith that human problems can be solved by human institutions. Worse yet, the institution that has failed them is the one that promised to teach them the humane and rational sciences. It told them that wise and good people were in charge. It said that everything that could be done for their benefit was being done. It took their money and years of their lives and gave them back empty promises. "
"The third reform-- The third reform I recommend is that we pay equal attention and devote equal resources to our non-college students -- if necessary, giving them enough money for a car or a home if not vocational training -- to show that we love and value them equally. This is what we owe them, but it's also what we owe ourselves. The fundamental assumption of higher education is wrong -- we don't owe brighter students extra attention, only equal opportunity.  I believe this is the most important reform of all. It came to me after many years because I kept asking myself why higher education keeps separating students into alphas and betas at almost every stage and level of the system. Gradually I began to realize that this notion of tracking favors established social classes. It makes the university one of the most powerful institution in our society, a kind of temple that selects and perpetuates a ruling class. It elevates academic ability into a distorted test of human ability and citizenship. It plays a Social Darwin role in separating society into wealthy and poor -- especially as education grows longer and more expensive.  ... Another impression gained from this work is the importance of maturity. Institutions don't want us to grow up. They don't want us to form emotional attachments beyond the institution. They seek ways to retard emotional growth and encourage dependency. Certainly the university is a wonderful producer of narrow and naive technocrats. I must repeat that students, faculty, administrators and the public are adversaries, not enemies, of each other. For the university to serve all, there must be a deep and respectful partnership between these groups and their competing legitimate interests. Of course, only through non-violence can anything of lasting value be achieved. "
So, there is a lot yet to be done to fix all that, especially in the face of active resistance by this type of place:
"A scientific body to which had been confided the government of society would soon end by devoting itself no longer to science at all, but to quite another affair; and that affair, as in the case of all established powers, would be its own perpetuation by rendering the society more in need of its government and direction (in Curtis 2:317)."
Langdon Winner said much the same thing here in "Autonomous Technology: Technics Out-of-Control as a Theme in Political Thought"
  Gatto says something similar here:
"Before you can reach a point of effectiveness in defending your own children or your principles against the assault of blind social machinery, you have to stop conspiring against yourself by attempting to negotiate with a set of abstract principles and rules which, by its nature, cannot respond. Under all its disguises, that is what institutional schooling is, an abstraction which has escaped its handlers. Nobody can reform it. First you have to realize that human values are the stuff of madness to a system; in systems-logic the schools we have are already the schools the system needs; the only way they could be much improved is to have kids eat, sleep, live, and die there."
I'm glad peer-to-peer is on the job. It's a big one. :-)
Some humor to go with a serious topic of creating obedient academic supermen: :-)
"Monty Python - Bicycle Repair Man
--Paul Fernhout
 > Interestingly, in the face of change, higher ed appears to be hunkering down
 > and fighting any and all changes...
 >
 >  >
 > This suggests to me that the organizations are brittle and endangered if
 > government and business experiences are any prior indicators.  In states
 > where money cannot be forked over to higher education from government,
 > expect institutions to start shattering fairly soon.  The UK in Europe comes
 > to mind where there is tremendous reliance on state funding and little
 > cushion without it.  In the US, systems like the University of California
 > and states schools in Florida, Arizona, Nevada and other cash-strapped
 > states will be stretched to the breaking point.
 >
 > In the US, at least, rapid raises in tuition simply aren't an option.  The
 > UK has a bit more room on tuition, but not much.  Borrowing there to pay for
 > school is far less standard than in the US.  I don't know about the
 > continent or Asia.  I assume Asia is a cash business with little government
 > support, but the Chronicle lately has suggested huge cash flows in China and
 > India to some of their institutions (in comparative terms).
 >
 > My guess is this will contribute to a rapid rise in open source tools, open
 > source methods and low cost research strategies--particularly in areas like
 > the social sciences where funding is always a challenge.
 >
 > When universities start to change, I'll know the crisis is fully ripe.  That
 > seems to be 3 or 4 years off.
 >
 > Ryan
 >
 > On Mon, Oct 26, 2009 at 2:05 AM, Michel Bauwens  >
 >>
 >> ---------- Forwarded message ----------
 >> From: csmith at csmith.info (Chris Smith)
 >> Date: Mon, Oct 26, 2009 at 10:54 AM
 >> Subject: FlossedBk, "Free/Libre and Open Source Solutions for Education"
 >> this weekend in Bangkok
 >> To: WOICT at googlegroups.com
 >>
 >>
 >>
 >> FlossedBk
 >> Free & Open Source Solutions for Education -- KIS, Bangkok Oct 31-Nov 1,
 >> 2009
 >>  >>
 >> Here is the information quoted from the website ....
 >>
 >> FlossedBk, "Free/Libre and Open Source Solutions for Education" is a
 >> two-day
 >> gathering of both new and experienced users of FLOSS, Free/Libre, Open
 >> Source Software, for education.
 >>
 >> During the two days, there will workshops on everything from why schools
 >> should consider using FLOSS, to what the options are, and how best to make
 >> the transition, partial and/or full.
 >>
 >> This is our first conference, but we are calling for representatives of as
 >> wide a range of needs as possible: teachers and principals, secretaries and
 >> technicians are invited to share and learn, as well as computing teachers,
 >> system administrators and programmers
 >>
 >> All workshops are presented in both Thai and English (with the help of
 >> translators). Thus each workshop is listed twice, once in English and once
 >> in Thai. Sign up for the one in your language to help us plan for
 >> translation help.
 >>
 >>  >>
 >> Hope of interest .... please pass on to any education colleagues who may be
 >> interested.
 >>
 >> Chris

@_date: 2009-10-26 20:18:37
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Geocities Shutting Down Today 
"Geocities is closing today. Its advent in 1995 was a sign of the rising 'Internet for everyone' era, when connection speeds were 1,000x or 2,000x slower than is common today. You may love it or hate it, but millions of people had their first contact with a Web presence right here. I know that Geocities is something that most Slashdotters will see as a n00b thing ? the Internet was fine before Geocities ? but nevertheless I think that some credit is due. Heck, there's even a modified xkcd homepage to mark the --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-27 11:22:17
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Beyond Julian Simon; 
What if Julian Simon's idea of the human imagination as the ultimate resource gets applied directly to reducing the cost (and value) of most human labor, instead of just to reducing the cost of goods? Like through robotics and better design? And what if the human imagination gets applied to reducing the cost (and value) of imagination itself through AI? What are the consequences for an economy built around an ideology of scarcity, where the only right to consume comes for the value of most people's labor?
Nathan has been working on this page:
  Nathan is focusing there in part no the declining value of most labor in the face of automation, a trend I agree with overall.
And in discussing it with him, here is an emergent idea from our interactions.
Part of this declining labor value trend (for most forms of labor) given increasing automation and better designs is also Julian Simon's point on free markets and resources taken "meta" to apply to labor. :-)
Julian Simon wrote about the human imagination as "The Ultimate Resource":
   I tend to agree with as a good big picture view (subject to some issues like biodiversity or systemic risk). He argues that the human imagination can invent new ways to make resources in ever better (cheaper) ways, for example, aluminum used to be more expensive than platinum a couple hundred years ago, but now aluminum is so cheap we throw it away.
James P. Hogan makes similar points in the sci-fi novel "Voyage From Yesteryear", focusing there on energy and automation getting cheap.
In general, this is a good point about declining cost made by economic conservatives and propertarian libertarians. Although they translate "human imagination" to mean "the free market". The two are not necessarily the same, like if we used email and mailing lists to coordinate production instead of fiat ration unit Kanban dollars to coordinate production. :-) Or if we had a cybernetic control system like "The Venus Project" envisioned. Or any other control system, like Cybersin or better central planning, or Anyway, as far as market coordinated production goes, Julian Simon suggests that rising prices produce innovation to bring the prices back down. So, ideally, a rising price is a signal to innovate by investing in production in some area. Even just the suggestion that prices might rise may spur innovation, as people look for profitable investments based on predicting future trends (an additional complexity to analyzing markets).
Generally, the prices go lower than they were before they rose (or threatened to rise), because people come up with new ideas, new approaches, and new efficiencies. If the "free market" has any magic to improve human life, that is it.
There are lots of ways we can list that markets break down, :-)
   but when they work, that's mostly why they work. Rising prices make it profitable to direct resources to innovation to produce more for less.
Julian Simon applies this idea to commodities and manufactured products, and it seems all well and good. For example, say, oil gets expensive (either harder to find, or regulation and taxes makes people have to pay for the pollution oil causes or for the military to defend it per barrel, probably US$500 or so per barrel true costs instead of US$70). So, through the magic of the market directing resources to innovators in energy, we eventually get cheap power from solar panels or windmills, which don't pollute and don't require vast armies to defend like oil pipelines. So, the price of energy goes down. Even the price of oil may go down (ignoring pollution and defense taxes), because suddenly nobody even wants it anymore (smelly, dirty, polluting, dangerous, old-fashioned, etc.). One can see the same thing literally with "Peak Whale Oil", given how important whale oil used to be to our economy before people got oil out of the ground.
Now, there are lots of times this does not happen. Right now, we don't have a US$500 a barrel tax on oil for the cost for defense or pollution.
   And there can be various other reasons those with a lot of capital may invest it in dysfunctional ways that make sense to themselves but harm society (arms races, for example, or creating intellectual monopolies or cartels, etc.).
But in general, it is the promise of markets to improve material production over time, and they have delivered some on that (even as its not clear how alternatives like in Chile and Cybersyn might have worked had they not been    But then, even when markets work, as suggested in "The Triple Revolution memorandum", there just the assumption that everyone will be have enough money somehow to purchase enough to live on, somehow.
Now, how are most people supposed to get this money? In our society, based around a scarcity assumption, the only "legitimate" way to get money is to earn it by labor. I know in practice much wealth is inherited, stolen, earned as interest on capital (in theory "earned" by the hard work of investors, but in practice delegated to managers or earned as interest on treasury debt), or granted by government fiat through monopolies. But in general, "earning" is supposed to be the "right" way (literally politically "right" wing, too :-), even if there may be problems in practice with that          Much of the current economic system is built around the idea that the only right to consume comes from "labor" and related earning. This is part of the Protestant Work ethic. Even if we may be moving beyond it:
   Vast amounts of moralizing in our society go on about the value of "work". And I won't disagree that "hard fun" can be wonderful.
  Here is an example of an essay I half-agree with:
   "Rifenbary: Spoiling children won't serve them well"
"A sense of entitlement diminishes one?s desire to put forth effort to achieve, because effort is not needed if one is already expecting what they have not earned. Does anyone reading this genuinely believe they are owed, and if so, by whom?"
I only half-agree, because it confuses a *focus* on materialism (which I agree is problematical for children) with a need to *earn* material rewards (which I suggest alternatively is problematical for our society and long term intrinsic motivation).
   "Studies Find Reward Often No Motivator: Creativity and intrinsic interest diminish if task is done for gain"
   So, there is truth there in exhorting people to "earn" their way, but only partial truth, and some misleading bits. (Probably this essay I'm writing has the same problem in its own way. :-)
But even in the 1960s it was seen that idea of an income-through-jobs link as giving a right to consume was breaking down:
"The Triple Revolution memorandum"
Even if for various reasons, the trends outlined there have taken longer to develop than they expected, and we have also been lucky so far we've avoided global nuclear and biological warfare.
Essentially, the authors of that "Triple Revolution" memorandum argued back then than every human does have a basic human right to a claim on part of the natural and industrial commons of this planet. So, a basic income in that sense can be called a human right, even the right of children to toys. :-) But, that does not mean materialism will bring most people happiness, even as material prosperity up to a point is a very good thing and does bring more happiness. Up to a point. Humans are ultimately social creatures who evolved outdoors in small communities. The further we get from that, the unhappier we tend to be. Various surveys and studies show that money does buy happiness in the USA, up to about the median income or about US$50,000 a year or so. But after that, a focus on materialism and increasing wealth can even bring negative returns on happiness compared to things like exploring spirituality, helping others, enjoying nature, building families, connecting with neighbors, and so on. Or in general, happiness for most people comes mostly from *activities* like caring for people, the universe, and ideas, rather than *having* lots of stuff,. Still, this can be true even if having stuff can be fun up to a point, and stuff may be needed for some activities (and maybe lots of stuff for activities like space flight), and of course we all need some stuff to live in an industrial society where we can't hunt and gather anymore, and some people really do enjoy running stuff museums. :-) So, "stuff" is important, but happiness has most of its roots elsewhere.
An example from:
?CARING: a sermon by The Reverend Diana Jordan Allende; Auburn Unitarian Universalist Fellowship?:
"Here?s what Mayeroff says of caring as a way of life: ?In the context of a person?s life, caring has a way ordering other values and activities around it. When this ordering is comprehensive, because of the inclusiveness of one?s carings, there is a basic stability in one?s life; one is ?in-place? in the world, instead of being out of place. Through caring for certain others, by serving them through caring, a person lives the meaning of his or her own life. In the sense in which a person can ever be said to be at home in the world, he or she is at home not through dominating, or explaining, or appreciating, but through caring and being cared for.?"
Still, as above, we all need some stuff to survive in our industrial society, given the lands have all been enclosed and we can't hunt and gather anymore, and, frankly, most of us would not want to. So, the way society is now, unless we are good at nomadics and other alternative lifestyle approaches, we need money to buy stuff. And that money, for most of us, comes for trading our labor at jobs for money.
But, what if this Julian Simon "ultimate resource" innovation trend gets applied to reduce the price (and value) of labor? If labor is seen as too expensive, then there will be innovation to reduce the need for labor. It costs approaching a million dollars a year to keep a US soldier supplied in the field, so the military is one of the biggest forces right now in looking at ways to automate general purpose labor (driving cars robotically, operating ships robotically, flying planes robotically, doing medicine robotically, removing casualties robotically, etc. as I linked to in previous posts). Nathan uses the example in his essay linked at the start of the aging population in Japan threatening to drive up labor costs, and so spurring innovation in robots. So, our society is making ever better robots to do activities more cheaply and is making better designs for things so they need less labor to make.
But, there will likely be overshoot in that Julian Simon sense, and by the time the innovators are done, robotic labor and better designs will make many activities so cheap to do, that our society won't need much labor at all. But, we still have as many people around, all needing jobs to survive, so the cost of labor crashes. It may crash way below what it even takes to live, because some would-be laborers have some savings, and so can work for less than what it takes to live. And so, even if most people want to "earn" money, they can't. That is the dystopia of Marshall Brain's Manna Terrafoam   We already see this around the globe historically. People in so called economically developing nations could not find good paying jobs because the country was flooded with imported high quality goods produced cheaply abroad using more efficient production techniques. It has been almost impossible for such countries to "develop" economically according to mainstream advice, because there is almost nothing that such countries can "compete" on producing with the USA or Germany or other industrialized powers. There are some things, especially raw materials, but not many.
So, maybe this analysis suggest a fundamental flaw in Julian Simon's argument, at a "meta" level? Basically, as long as we are using imagination to make resources cheap, things get better for everyone who has a job, which meant most people in the USA, at least up until about 1970s.
   But, as soon as we are using imagination to make labor cheap, then many people starve.
Naturally, the two are intertwined (since producing most goods takes labor), but there can still be a matter of emphasis.
I'd suggest many things have not been automated precisely because our society has resisted it because it has no solution under free market capitalism for the break down of an income-through-jobs link. Thus, we still see people working in the VW Transparent factory,
   even though probably a lot more could be automated or redesigned for robotic assembly, if people really wanted to.
The failure of the car companies in Detroit, with union jobs protected in the company, while other competitors automated and redesigned to cut costs, is part of this trend. The very concept of a labor union fighting for worker's own private welfare state and private equity, including resisting automation, without doing much to help our entire society work better in the face of automation, is, sadly, part of this problem and increasingly obsolete (and reflected thus in politics in the USA). If factories don't need labor, and most "work" is better done by machines, then what's a labor union going to do for you? Nothing.
Still, further, then one can think about what happens when Artificial Intelligence itself is applied to reducing the cost (and value) of being imaginative? That then starts to lead to issues of "the singularity".
Now, if demand was *infinite*, even the remaining human labor might still be needed. But if demand is *finite* in total, or at least demand rises more slowly that production, then you get widespread unemployment. Even eventually of imaginative people.
In the past when this happened, rising expectations (bigger houses, more cars, more travel, etc.) kept people working. And also more war, schooling, and prisons sopped up a lot of the excess.
The question is, at what point does all this break down? When the wars get out of control, or the schooling produces more Columbines, or the prisons spawn more and more social dysfunction, or families and neighborhoods collapse from focusing on material goods instead of time together, and so on? And then, the machinery of abundance consumes itself like a burning Hopefully, we will transition to an economic model and related ideology more appropriate to an age of abundance rather than burn things down instead by ironically using abundance to create the scarcity that current ideology assumes and needs to function.
So, the declining value of labor in the face of automation is part of what Nathan's presentation linked above is about. So thanks for getting us thinking about that. :-) Nathan's right that "labor value" is a key insight, or maybe *the* key insight in understanding the 21st century changes we are seeing (like the riots by youth in Greece last year).
See also, for fun, but also more related than not: :-)
   Of course, one can than ask "labor value to whom"? Clearly, people's labor may still have a lot of value to themselves. People can try to use their own labor to eek out a subsistence living (or even an amazing living with 3D printers they get from friends that can print solar panels and machines to produce more 3D toner). They can try to carve a niche for themselves in some other way. People are inherently worth something to themselves and friends and family and neighbors, even when industry has no use for them. Childcare can take about as much human labor as is available to do it well. But, if all the land is enclosed, then, where is there for people to be of value to themselves and others in their social network? That's the problem depicted in Manna. Still, there are the oceans and space. But it is tough to live there still, unless we have more innovation in a Bucky Fuller or Jacque Fresco way.
I think there are solutions even without leaving dry land, we just need to get people talking about them and why some solutions to the decline of most labor value (a basic income, a gift economy, subsistence with style via 3D printing, local exchange, rethinking work as play, etc.) are better than some other solutions (like more war, schooling, and prison), as I mentioned I guess what bothers me about this is that IMHO this is the sort of issues economists and politicians should be talking about if they are showing leadership. And some did, in the 1960s and 1970s. How can we get more of them talking and thinking about these issues again?
How can we get people with resources to look at a video like this and really think about it?
"High-Speed Robot Hand Demonstrates Dexterity and Skillful Manipulation"
Or, how can we get people like at Willow Garage (an open source robotics company) to spend some of their time and money talking about social transformation to a post-scarcity society? I BCC'd them, just for fun. :-)
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-27 14:47:44
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google chief: Vast changes to Web loom 
> 2009/10/25 Paul D. Fernhout  > From:
 >
 > """
 > (snip) Schmidt said.
 > "You will tend to listen to other people," he said.
 >  The problem is how to organize all the information, he said. It is the
 > fundamental problem facing Google, a company that offers many products but
 > was built on a Web search engine that trolls for information, gathers it
 > and ranks it for users. Schmidt asked rhetorically how, for instance,
 > Google might be able to rank a user's individual tweets. ...
 > """
I was waiting to see if someone else replied on this...
A few comments.
 >
The term "agents" (for some sort of artificial intelligence) was a big buzzword on this for a time around 2000. Example:
   "What are Information Agents?"
   General Magic talked a lot about this.
But as you point out, there are important social process for all this.
So, how all these approaches interoperate is another issue, too, the human and the artificial (the artificial integration like is still in research, the artificial search like Google, and the artificial memory like Wikipedia).
It seems there has long been a tension in research funding between those who support human replacement by AI and those who support individual (or group) augmentation by computers.
Much of the earlier work in AI was about replacing people. Doug Engelbart was one of the few earlier pioneers in augmenting individuals and groups.
   "Douglas Engelbart has always been ahead of his time, having ideas that seemed far-fetched at the time but later were taken for granted. For instance, as far back as the 1960s he was touting the use of computers for online conferencing and collaboration. Engelbart's most famous invention is the computer mouse, also developed in the 1960s, but not used commercially until the 1980s. Like Vannevar Bush and J.C.R. Licklider, Engelbart wanted to use technology to augment human intellect. He saw technology, especially computers, as the answers to the problem of dealing with the ever more complex modern world and has dedicated his life to the pursuit of developing technology to augment human intellect. "
It seems there is still that tension even now.
Compare, for example, those who want to make a "friendly AI" to be our next "god" :-)
   versus those working toward social networks related to security. :-)
   "A long and expensive battle is looming between those using sensors to collect data and those whose data is being collected. But this conflict can be reduced and agreement accelerated. We can use open source-style processes to develop sensor and data handling standards that take into account both the right to privacy and the right (or perceived need) to sense."
I can see that theme in sci-fi too, now that I look more for it, even in things going back to the 1950s. Theodore Sturgeon, with his "The Skills of Xanadu" and "To Marry Medusa" was connected into that theme for a time.
   But how that will all work out in practice remains to be seen or incrementally invented.
Great point. Clay Shirky talks about something like this is "here comes everyone" where he says, with things like "meetup.com" the virtual and the physical is coming together. Same with conferences.
Also, FabLabs, RepRap, the "maker" scene, instructibles, 3D printing, open manufacturing, and so on, are another way that the digital and physical are Yes, than is a great way to describe a bigger picture.
And I agree, context is a good way to think about it, including levels of I also like William Kent's book "Data and Reality" about some related issues (from a more technical and abstract perspective).
   As he says, quoting others, "the map is not the territory".
 From one comment there on the book: "I remember my first exposure to the work of Edward Tufte. The richness of detail that could be presented simply was almost a physical shock. Were it not for Bill Kent I might have forgotten that the data represented by that richness was only a representation of reality, and not the reality itself. In a world which reinvents the Perfect Semantic Representation Language to End All Semantic Representation Languages every ten years or so, it is a pleasure to have Bill's calming influence in print in the form of Data and Reality.  -Richard Mark Soley, Ph.D., Chairman and CEO, Object Management Group, Inc. (1999)"
Still, with computers, sometimes the map may be the territory. It depends, as you say, on context. :-)
But, one thing to muse on is that we do build our social and political rules into our infrastructure eventually. Clay Shirky talks about that a little here:
   Langdon Winner talks about that a bit too in various books.
For me, I can wonder, what rules have we built into our infrastructure? And, if we change those rules, how would the infrastructure change?
What rules is, say, Google building into our society, if any?
Broadly, I see this as about scarcity vs. abundance, but there are all sorts of other rules about things like levels of privacy, types of security, issues of concentration of power, and so on, that one could think about, especially in a peer-to-peer context.
What are our assumptions? What are our values? How do those connect with our social organization and supporting infrastructure?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-27 17:39:48
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Does the Vaccine Matter? - The Atlantic (November 
This article in the Atlantic essentially says the flu vaccine is worthless as are antivirals for most people (some few may benefit):
   "Does the Vaccine Matter?"
   "Whether this season?s swine flu turns out to be deadly or mild, most experts agree that it?s only a matter of time before we?re hit by a truly devastating flu pandemic?one that might kill more people worldwide than have died of the plague and aids combined. In the U.S., the main lines of defense are pharmaceutical?vaccines and antiviral drugs to limit the spread of flu and prevent people from dying from it. Yet now some flu experts are challenging the medical orthodoxy and arguing that for those most in need of protection, flu shots and antiviral drugs may provide little to none. So where does that leave us if a bad pandemic strikes? "
The article essentially outlines a process of group think and shunning of those who really do the science on this.
But, it also says, the terrible thing is the flu vaccine gives us a false sense of security and diverts attention from things that really work. From ?Vaccines give us a false sense of security,? says Sumit Majumdar. ?When you have a strategy that [everybody thinks] reduces death by 50 percent, it?s pretty hard to invest resources to come up with better remedies.? For instance, health departments in every state are responsible for submitting plans to the CDC for educating the public, in the event of a serious pandemic, about hand-washing and ?social distancing? (voluntary quarantines, school closings, and even enforcement of mandatory quarantines to keep infected people in their homes). Putting these plans into action will require considerable coordination among government officials, the media, and health-care workers?and widespread buy-in from the public. Yet little discussion has appeared in the press to help people understand the measures they can take to best protect themselves during a flu outbreak?other than vaccination and antivirals.
   ?Launched early enough and continued long enough, social distancing can blunt the impact of a pandemic,? says Howard Markel, a pediatrician and historian of medicine at the University of Michigan. Washing hands diligently, avoiding public places during an outbreak, and having a supply of canned goods and water on hand are sound defenses, he says. Such steps could be highly effective in helping to slow the spread of the virus. In Mexico, for instance, where the first swine flu cases were identified in March, the government launched an aggressive program to get people to wash their hands and exhorted those who were sick to stay home and effectively quarantine themselves. In the United Kingdom, the national health department is promoting a ?buddy? program, encouraging citizens to find a friend or neighbor willing to deliver food and medicine so people who fall ill can stay home.
   In the U.S., by contrast, our reliance on vaccination may have the opposite effect: breeding feelings of invulnerability, and leading some people to ignore simple measures like better-than-normal hygiene, staying away from those who are sick, and staying home when they feel ill. Likewise, our encouragement of early treatment with antiviral drugs will likely lead many people to show up at the hospital at first sniffle. ?There?s no worse place to go than the hospital during flu season,? says Majumdar. Those who don?t have the flu are more likely to catch it there, and those who do will spread it around, he says. ?But we don?t tell people this.?
No mention of Vitamin D though:
   Personally, I think they underestimate the negative consequences of the flu shot, which they just gloss over as "a sore arm". For example, Dr. Mercola suggests the flu shot may contribute to Alzheimer's and other issues:
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-27 19:59:22
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Beyond Julian Simon; 
Yes, we really need to rethink work. :-)
But there are lots of possibilities, especially transitioning from a society built around the Protestant work ethic for the masses.
   James P. Hogan had one approach in "Voyage from Yesteryear":
   "Since the availability of power from fusion reactors and cheap automated labor has enabled them to develop a post-scarcity economy, they do not use money as a means of exchange, nor do they recognize material possessions as symbols of status. Instead, competence and talent are considered symbolic of one's social standing ? resources that cannot be counterfeited or hoarded, and must be put to use if they are to be acknowledged. As a result, the competitive drive that fuels capitalist financial systems has filled the colony with the products of decades of incredible artistic and technical talent, and there are no widespread hierarchies. No one person or group of people can know everything, so no one person or group of people is expected to speak for all. They have no centralized authorities; some would say they have no government at all."
In that world, robots did most of the repetitive stuff, and could even help raise children, so there was not much unskilled stuff that really needed doing.
But, even aspects of rethinking work are glossed over in VFY, compared to rethinking much of it as play, like Bob Black talks:
   "The Abolition of Work" by Bob Black, 1985
   He drew from the idea of Charles Fourier and others:
   Fourier was born in Besan?on on April 7, 1772.  ... Walter Benjamin considered Fourier crucial enough to devote an entire "konvolut" of his massive, projected book on the Paris arcades, the Passagenwerk, to Fourier's  "To have instituted play as the canon of a labor no longer rooted in exploitation is one of the great merits of Fourier," and notes that "Only in the summery middle of the nineteenth century, only under its sun, can one conceive of Fourier's fantasy The Skills of Xanadu from 1950 had a similar idea of work as play:
   Still, is raising children well "work"? Yet it is one of the most important things anyone can do.
Same for being a good friend or a good neighbor. Is it "work"?
What about comforting the dying? "Work"?
Or even being a good clown? :-)
   "Patch Adams on living a life of joy"
   Maybe a clown good at getting people to play outdoors?
   "Vitamin D may help with panic attacks"
Or even a good cook: :-)
  "Vitamin B12 may help with preventing "paranoia (megaloblastic madness),
delirium, confusion".
   Maybe vitamin deficiency and humor deficiency and play deficiency helps explain part of current politics? :-)
Someone like Chris Mercogliano might agree?
    So, yes, "There's something wrong with our views of labor." I agree. It's something worth exploring more.
Here is a job where one might do that?
   "Policy Analyst, Next Social Contract Initiative"
   There are other policy jobs there that people on this list may find of Plus maybe other sources of funding for such "play" about "work": :-)
   Chris Mercogliano in this book:
   "In Defense of Childhood: Protecting Kids' Inner Wildness"
he cites Dutch author Johann Huizinga writing in 1938 who was concerned about the loss of play in Western Civilization and a relation between play and a free society. The Nazis killed him in the end, but his ideas "play" on.
   "Alarmed by the rise of national-socialism in Germany, Huizinga wrote several works of cultural criticism. Many similarities can be noted between his analysis and that of contemporary critics such as Ortega y Gasset and Oswald Spengler. Huizinga argued that the spirit of technical and mechanical organisation had replaced spontaneous and organic order and cultural as well as political life."
To the extent I agree with US conservatives, the point they make of fascism or other domination from the left has some resonance with that history.
Of course, dominating hierarchies can come from all directions; again, it's an issue of a balance of meshworks and hierarchies and Manuel de Landa But getting people to have a certain view of "work", especially through compulsory schooling, is a central part of our current societal dysfunction, as John Taylor Gatto explores in his writings.
We could look hard at how the Native Americans, how the Australian Aborigines, how the pre-Colonial Africans, and how many others pre-scarcity societies looked at life to see new ways forward towards a post-scarcity society. Daniel Quinn did that some in his book "Beyond Civilization".
      Looking there now, I see Daniel Quinn also wrote this children's book:
   Work, Work, Work is the story of an industrious gopher whose lifework is to burrow from dawn to dusk under an enchanted land that he never sees. While he grumbles about his unceasing labors, the morning sky is spray-painted from a dirigible (and the sun gets a drop of blue in its eye), two UFOs from different planets meet for a strange exchange, an enormous octopus-like creature (who has just come from laying waste to Las Vegas) is subdued by a barrage of hats, hotdogs, and toasters, and, at the close of day, a window opens at the horizon so that a purple giant can hang the moon in the sky. Surfacing in the twilight, the gopher sighs, ?Well, at least something happened. I ran into a rock!?
Good luck with your blog if you start it. I started to lose interest in my new on "Beyond a Jobless Recovery" as soon as I started thinking about it as possibly paying work if I were to put advertising on it. :-) Which I haven't so far, but just the thought of maybe doing that was demotivating enough. :-)
   "Studies Find Reward Often No Motivator: Creativity and intrinsic interest diminish if task is done for gain"
  But, sadly, I don't live in a world with a basic income yet, so something's got to give. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-28 11:12:55
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The future of work... 
They mention: "Peer production networks" here:
"Peer production networks. Technologies like listservs and Wikis create frameworks for volunteer communities to accomplish productive work. The collective intelligence of these  potentially unbounded communities creates new value by rapidly solving problems that would tax or stymie smaller workgroups. The diversity of the individuals working on one collaborative platform allows for an impressive variety of insight and input that a homogenous group would never produce. Wikipedia is the earliest, and most prevalent, example of this kind of peer production network."
But they maybe still miss the big picture. Contrast: "In the assessment, conducted by Sustainable Asset Management, they look at human capital  development, talent attraction and retention, and corporate citizenship/philanthropy as well as environmental activities. Thus, corporate support for sustainability is not an immeasurable fad but can provide commensurable value for employees, potential employees, investors, and organizations alike. "
with Bob Black from 1985:
And so it is, although it is nothing but a description of the modern workplace. The liberals and conservatives and Libertarians who lament totalitarianism are phonies and hypocrites. There is more freedom in any moderately de-Stalinized dictatorship than there is in the ordinary American workplace. You find the same sort of hierarchy and discipline in an office or factory as you do in a prison or a monastery. In fact, as Foucault and others have shown, prisons and factories came in at about the same time, and their operators consciously borrowed from each other's control techniques. A worker is a part-time slave. The boss says when to show up, when to leave, and what to do in the meantime. He tells you how much work to do and how fast. He is free to carry his control to humiliating extremes, regulating, if he feels like it, the clothes you wear or how often you go to the bathroom. With a few exceptions he can fire you for any reason, or no reason. He has you spied on by snitches and supervisors, he amasses a dossier on every employee. Talking back is called "insubordination," just as if a worker is a naughty child, and it not only gets you fired, it disqualifies you for unemployment compensation. Without necessarily endorsing it for them either, it is noteworthy that children at home and in school receive much the same treatment, justified in their case by their supposed immaturity. What does this say about their parents and teachers who work? The demeaning system of domination I've described rules over half the waking hours of a majority of women and the vast majority of men for decades, for most of their lifespans. For certain purposes it's not too misleading to call our system democracy or capitalism or -- better still -- industrialism, but its real names are factory fascism and office oligarchy. Anybody who says these people are "free" is lying or stupid.
I have not read those documents in full, I just glanced at them for a couple minutes just now, but does anything in them really and deeply address Bob Black's point there for most people?
Sure, office workers will have super cool iPhones to do their social networking work for the company they work for at home or anywhere they are, but has this made them, in Bob Black's sense, that much more "free"? Or, for that matter, happy?
Or does anything address Jeff Schmidt's points?
      There are two key ideological processes in professional education, according to Schmidt. One is favoring students who pick up the point of view of their superiors, behavior Schmidt calls "ideological discipline." The other is favoring students who direct their curiosity as requested by others, a trait Schmidt delightfully dubs "assignable curiosity." For example, the teacher sets the class an assignment, say on symbolism in a novel. It doesn't matter so much whether the novel is by Austen or Gordimer. The question is whether the students will do as they are told. "Good" students will undertake the assigned task conscientiously, perhaps even going beyond what the teacher expected -- but in a way that pleases the teacher. "Difficult" students may do something different, refusing to accept the task as given. No prizes for guessing which students get encouragement and rewards.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-28 16:48:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
Too bad I did not know in advance. It was only a couple hours from where I live. It might have been interesting to go. Although I'd probably end up arguing about abundance being more likely if we innovate in a Buck Fuller or Jacque Fresco or other way, including move into space in the long term. :-)
But yes, we need a better economics that reflects cybernetic principles, and that includes some connection with real current resource limits, not some mythical thing called "capital" which while including land and machinery, also includes fiat dollars of which an infinite number can easily be printed or magicked up in the computer.
I totally agree with this from there: "For instance, if a squirrel burns energy eating nuts, those nuts had better give the squirrel more energy back then it expended, or the squirrel will inevitably die. It is a rule that lies at the core of studying animal and plant behavior, and human society should be looked at no differently, as even technologically complex societies are still governed by EROI."
The same thing can be said for tool wear, for energy going into making solar panels, and so on.
However, I would dispute the peak oil issue, as per my "Peak Whale Oil" post a while back, which would cause endless arguments, no doubt, same as here. :-) They are ignoring the *exponential* growth of alternative energy, which is why Peek Oil will be a non issue, same as Y2K was a non-issue, even if it in theory might have ended or greatly harmed industrial civilization (like with exploding nuclear plants, or accidental weapons launches or the collapse of the power grid and so on) had people not spent years working to fix all those bugs before the year 2000. But, people did spend those years and all that money, because all people are not totally stupid all the time. :-) So, one can expect the same for energy alternatives, although it might be rougher.
But what is said in that article is:
And no amount of technology can fix the problem. Hagens points out that oil extraction has evolved by leaps and bounds since the early 1900s, and yet companies must expend much more energy to get less and less oil than they did back then.
   "It isn't that there's no technology," Hall said. "The question is, technology is in a race with depletion, and that's a whole different concept. And we think that we can show empirically that depletion is winning, because the energy return on investment keeps dropping for gas and    The most pessimistic of the biophysical economics camp sees the oil-fueled world economy grinding to a halt soon, possibly within 10 years. They are all working to get the message out, but not all of them believe their peers in other professions will listen.
And that's probably why it was a good thing I did not go. :-)
So given that, the attitude Hall outlines there, like Catton's, is IHMO dysfunction, harmful, and unreasonable given the facts if people really studied the subject of renewable energy, like Amory Lovins' and Hunter Lovins' work in Brittle Power.
   "Brittle Power: Energy Strategy for National Security is a 1982 book by Amory B. Lovins and L. Hunter Lovins, prepared originally as a Pentagon study, and re-released in 2001 following the September 11 attacks. The book argues that domestic energy infrastructure is very vulnerable to disruption, by accident or malice, often even more so than imported oil. According to the authors, a resilient energy system is feasible, costs less, works better, is favoured in the market, but is rejected by U.S. policy. the preface to the 2001 edition, Lovins explains that these themes are still very current."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-28 18:45:22
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot News Story | Decline In US Newspaper 
"The Washington Post reports that US newspaper circulation has hit its lowest level in seven decades, as papers across the country lost 10.6 percent of their paying readers from April through September, compared with a year earlier. Online, newspapers are still a success ? but only in readership, not in profit. Ads on newspaper Internet sites sell for pennies on the dollar compared with ads in their ink-on-paper cousins. "Newspapers have ceased to be a mass medium by any stretch of the imagination," says Alan D. Mutter, a former journalist and cable television executive who now consults and writes a blog called Reflections of a Newsosaur. According to Mutter only 13 percent of Americans, or about 39 million, now buy a daily newspaper, down from 31 percent in 1940. "Publishers who think their businesses are going to live or die according to the number of bellybuttons they can deliver probably will see their businesses die," writes Mutter. "The smart ones will get busy on Plan B, assuming there is a Plan B and it?s not already too late." Almost without exception, the papers that lost the least readers or even gained readership are the nation's smallest daily newspapers which tend to focus almost all of their limited resources on highly local news that is not covered by larger outside organizations and have a lock on local ad markets."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-28 19:13:33
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Candid Interviews with Former Soviet Officials 
Just to show when the "professionals" with billion dollar budgets go wrong:
""Previously Classified Interviews with Former Soviet Officials Reveal U.S. Strategic Intelligence Failure Over Decade: 1995 Contractor Study Finds that U.S. Analysts Exaggerated Soviet Aggressiveness and Understated Moscow's Fears of a U.S. First Strike"
   While the BDM analysts found that some interpretations of Soviet policy were consistent with the interview evidence (e.g., the Soviet interest in avoiding nuclear war and Moscow's quest for superiority), they identified what they believed to be important failures of analysis, including:
     * "[Erring] on the side of overestimating Soviet aggressiveness" and underestimated "the extent to which the Soviet leadership was deterred from using nuclear weapons." [I: iv, 35]. Recent evidence from oral history sources supports this finding.  The Soviet leadership of the 1960s and 19702 suffered from a strategic inferiority complex that supports its drive for parity with (or even superiority over) the United States. All of the strategic models developed by Soviet military experts had a defensive character and assumed a first strike by NATO (See Document 3 at pages 26-27, Oral History Roundtable, Stockholm, p. 61)
     * "Seriously misjudg[ing] Soviet military intentions, which had the potential [to] mislead?U.S. decision makers in the event of an extreme crisis." For example, the authors observed that the Soviet leadership did not rule out a preemptive strike option, even though U.S. officials came to downplay the "probability" of Soviet preemption.  This misperception left open the possibility of U.S. action during a crisis that could invite a Soviet preemptive response and a nuclear catastrophe. [I: iv, 35, 68, 70-71]
     * "Serious[ly] misunderstanding ? the Soviet decision-making process" by underestimating the "decisive influence exercised by the defense industry." That the defense industrial complex, not the Soviet high command, played a key role in driving the quantitative arms buildup "led U.S. analysts to ? exaggerate the aggressive intentions of the Soviets." [I:7]
Relevant, about a more peer based model of mutual security:
   "Morton Deutsch on Mutual Security"
   [Interview with Morton Deutsch: E.L. Thorndike Professor and Director Emeritus of the International Center for Cooperation and Conflict Resolution at Teachers College, Columbia University]
   Q: You're starting to see the analogy to international conflict, or intractable conflict on a larger scale?
   A: Yes. Well, I wrote a paper about preventing World War III. That was during the height of the cold war, I think I wrote it in 1982, it was called "The Presidential Address to the International Society to Political Psychology." And there I took the relationship between the United States and the Soviet Union and characterized it as a malignant relationship, which had some of the characteristics that I was talking about with the couple. It was right for both the United States and the Soviet Union to think that the other was hostile, would undo it, would damage it, you know, all of these things. The relationship was a malignant one. They had to become aware of the malignancy, and the only way out really was recognizing that it's hurting, recognizing that there is a potential better way of relating. And that better way of relating involves having a sense that one can only have security if there's mutual security. And that's true in most relationships. That's particularly true to recognize groups that have had bitter strife where they've hurt each other. They have to deal with the problem of how to get to where they can live together. It may be ethnic groups within a given nation or community. They can only live together if they recognize that their own security is going to be dependent on the other person's security. So each person, each side, each group has to be interested in the welfare of the other.
   On a national level it has to deal with military and other economic security. At the group level and personal level, it often has to do with psychological security. It has to do with someone recognizing, I shouldn't be treating the other in an undignified, disrespectful way. So in an interpersonal relationship, that kind of security, recognizing that not only are you entitled to it, so is the other person entitled to it. And if you don't give that other person that entitlement the relationship is going to move in the other direction, back to bitter conflict.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-29 00:02:33
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
Yes, you are right that different laws apply to "open systems" than "closed systems". The earth receives energy from the Sun for the foreseeable future, and it also has great heat reserves of geothermal energy. But could supply hundreds of times and more than what we currently use. So, the Earth is open Peak Oilers of the more extreme sort, like William Catton, just ignore this and say we are doomed no matter what we do.
More moderate peak oilers (our Michel?) just suggest a chaotic transition, with a range of how chaotic that transition will be and how exactly it will look and what the risks are of not coming out of it for whatever social reasons. That is not an unreasonable position.
Even though I believe that renewables are growing exponentially at a rate that will mean we could be using them near 100% in twenty or thirty years, I accept that we may blow ourselves up in the meanwhile for all sorts of ideological reasons connected with the transition from scarcity to abundance. So, scarcity beliefs may be a self-fulfilling prophecy in that sense, which is why they bother me. :-) But we certainly have enough coal for centuries, so there is no "thermodynamic reason" we can not switch smoothly to renewables over the next twenty to thirty years.
However, there still are limits. It's true that local heat changes can effect ecologies, as talked about here:
Heat exhausts from power plants do change the ecologies of streams. Heat from roofs, roads, motors, and appliances changes climates around cities.
Cutting down trees changes climates, as does putting them back.
   "Tree Bank - A Man Who Planted Trees"
   Pollution from industrial process can effect human and biological health. So can the contamination of the food supply or local environments by various industrially produced compounds used in everyday items.
It is reasonable to think about how any specific technology may be able to support only so many people within a carrying capacity. We may be near that limit for 20th century technologies so dominant in the USA and abroad, especially if you consider the collapse of fisheries.
Still, it is unreasonable, given history, to suggest technological advances can't improve on that carrying capacity in theory, or that ways can't be found to better manage fisheries and other common resources, including lifestyle changes to eating less meat.
And, there are also the oceans and outer space, both which offer places for many more people to live and vast amounts of physical resources.
Oceans could support billions of more people on artificial islands, if they used sustainable zero-emissions manufacturing.
Outer space especially could support quadrillions of people around the Sun in the solar system, by using materials from moons and asteroids to build space habitats.
So, there is lots of room for growth still, if we wanted to. But it appears industrial civilization is leading to crashing birth rates, so running out of room is really the least of our problems right now (see my "Peak Population Crisis" post. :-)
But with all that said, yes, modern mainstream macroeconomics is stupid because it confuses physical capital with fiat dollars, and it is also stupid because it is build around continuous exponential growth (to keep profits flowing, because otherwise, profits drop to zero by competition). Imaginary fiat dollars can grow infinitely. Physical capital is limited by our current technology and current access to resources.
Economists confuse the map for the territory:
   "Data and Reality [Excerpts]"
   A cybernetic approach can help economists move beyond that confusion:
"Some comments on the PU Economics department and related research directions from a post-scarcity perspective ... Like Kurzweil, PU economists could start applying their skills to charting trends in the real basis of prosperity. They need to move beyond charting derived trends that are social constructions like fluctuations in fiat currency. They need to start admitting that as a fiat currency system breaks down with a transition to the emerging post-scarcity economy, dollars are no longer a very good way to measure things (if they ever were). They need to remember that currency is as arbitrary system related to a current economic control system which is rapidly becoming obsolete. Fiat dollars are essentially ration units, and rationing is becoming obsolete as part of the emerging post-scarcity society. For example, personal internet bandwidth use and server disk space are now so cheap as to be effectively "too cheap to matter" except in the most extreme cases for some small number of individuals. So, PU economists need to get back to basics and start charting real physically measurable (or estimateable) things. And then they need to think about the interrelations of those real things. Essentially, they can still use a lot of their old skills at analysis, but rather than apply them to one thing, money, they need to apply them to thousands of individual measurements of aspects of life-support and production. And the challenge will be in seeing how to make predictions about systems where these thousands of factors are difficult to interchange for each other (for example, topsoil depth versus sewing machine production). "
As is pointed out in the video "Money as Debt I & II", exponential growth of debt by itself can create problems:
   "Money as Debt II Promises Unleashed"
      As can growth of productivity where the gains go to just a few and the result is lent to workers instead of paid to them:
   One of the biggest problems today with the "Great Recession" is that the imaginary fiat dollars have grown to have such a powerful sway over the collective human imagination that these processes have poisoned our social networks.  Despite having an intact physical plant and lots of resources, our physical economy is shutting down because of this belief in the importance of imaginary fiat dollars, combined with having those digital blips in a few banking computers pile up in the accounts of a few people.
If the global economy was a person dying in a hospital with a perfectly health body and brain, we'd be busy talking about things like "lost the will to live" or "psychological trauma" or something like that. Instead, the news is full of endless official sounding pronouncements about the movement of dollars and euros and yuan, as well as new plans for moving them around in different ways.
As Douglas Adams said:
?This planet has -- or rather had -- a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper, which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy."
Still, moving tokens around is not inherently bad. It depends on the social and industrial context (including whether there is an equitable distribution of the tokens, by either good jobs or a basic income or charity and so on). See:
   "Kanban is a signaling system to trigger action. As its name suggests, kanban historically uses cards to signal the need for an item. However, other devices such as plastic markers (kanban squares) or balls (often golf balls) or an empty part-transport trolley or floor location can also be used to trigger the movement, production, or supply of a unit in a factory. It was out of a need to maintain the level of improvements that the kanban system was devised by Toyota. Kanban became an effective tool to support the running of the production system as a whole. In addition, it proved to be an excellent way for promoting improvements because reducing the number of kanban in circulation highlighted problem areas.[2]"
Modern economics is basically all about controlling social and industrial processes using Kanban tokens (called dollars, yen, euros, or whatever). I sometimes call them "ration units" because that is what they really are to people in an industrial society.
But as Ryan's great find shows:
"High-Speed Robot Hand Demonstrates Dexterity and Skillful Manipulation" within twenty years, mainstream macroeconomics will be laughable, since, as, (to use Nathan's term) the value of most labor has diminished so much that, (in the Triple Revolution's terms), the income-through-jobs link as granting the main right to consume becomes, (in my terms :-) "mythologically unviable".
Although, from the other end, the progress in military robotics may make the earth humanly unviable in twenty years.
So, I see twenty years as the hard stop for social transformation.
But, like any wave that hits the edge of a wave tank, there may be smaller echos before then. Eventually people will see the iceberg coming, or notice the little chunks of ice ahead of it (whether free stuff, fancy robots, economic dislocations, failing companies, or other such things). One might try to map out what the next twenty years might look like on those terms. One might even, based on this, argue that we may see serious radical social transformation in only ten or so years, as the looming iceberg of industrial robotic abundance becomes visible to more and more people, or alternatively, the iceberg or military robotic despair, used to create the scarcity our current ideology needs to function.
 From a book written in 1981:
   "Think of it. We are blessed with technology that would be indescribable to our forefathers. We have the wherewithal, the know-it-all to feed everybody, clothe everybody, and give every human on Earth a chance. We know now what we could never have known before -- that we now have the option for all humanity to make it successfully on this planet in this lifetime. Whether it is to be Utopia or Oblivion will be a touch-and-go relay race right up to the final moment. (BUCKMINSTER FULLER, Critical Path)"
So, people have been seeing waves from that iceberg in 1981 (Fuller), 1964 (Triple Revolution) and even before that in the 1920s: :-)
   "Imagine a spherical shell ten miles or so in diameter, made of the lightest materials and mostly hollow; for this purpose the new molecular materials would be admirably suited. Owing to the absence of gravitation its construction would not be an engineering feat of any magnitude. The source of the material out of which this would be made would only be in small part drawn from the earth; for the great bulk of the structure would be made out of the substance of one or more smaller asteroids, rings of Saturn or other planetary detritus. The initial stages of construction are the most difficult to imagine. They will probably consist of attaching an asteroid of some hundred years or so diameter to a space vessel, hollowing it out and using the removed material to build the first protective shell. Afterwards the shell could be re-worked, bit by bit, using elaborated and more suitable substances and at the same time increasing its size by diminishing its thickness. The globe would fulfill all the functions by which our earth manages to support life. In default of a gravitational field it has, perforce, to keep its atmosphere and the greater portion of its life inside; but as all its nourishment comes in the form of energy through its outer surface it would be forced to resemble on the whole an enormously complicated single-celled plant."
That was written in 1920, almost a century ago.
Basically, modern economics is encountering long predicted "divide by zero" errors, as things become cheap, and resource accessibility becomes huge.
   So anyway, the people at that conference got part of the picture. But not all of it. I think part of the reason for that is that, ideologically, it is easier to think we are all doomed than to contemplate the possible implications about radical changes to our society if we are not doomed. :-)
   "George Bush - "Imagine" (Bush is gone, let it go, people!)"
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-29 08:34:12
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Suggestions wanted for education to p2p 
My child in about that age.
We are focusing on things like: :-)
* being in nature,
* eating a variety of "organic" things grown in our garden or picked themselves from the refrigerator and seeing the parents eat,
* whatever else is of interest to the child at the moment, with a bit of "strewing" by parents of books and ideas and DVDs throughout the home.
      For example, we "strewed" medical supplies (bandages, stethescope, other safe medical things), and our kids has taken them up in play (some stuffed animals that pretend they are doctors animated by me helps, too).
Some arguments against doing that by people mostly convinced that the "real world" is a prison so you'd better get kids used to that early, even as they make some other interesting points:
   With that said, I'm presuming you're looking at developing propaganda content in an institutional setting, not actual experience or setting a good example? So, you've kind of limited what can be done to all the stuff that is questionable, where "the medium is the message" -- and what is the message of school -- do what you are told by authority, eat what you are served (probably non-organic junk in the cafeteria), and imitate the ignorant same-age juveniles and bullying adults around you. There's not too much one can do with propaganda to fix that. Best would be to reorganize the school entirely to teach all that by example, with a garden, caring adults, a mix of ages learning from each other, self-directedness, a play-based curriculum, and so on, like here:
   See also, for more ideas:
     As codirector of the Albany Free School, Chris Mercogliano has had remarkable success in helping a diverse population of youngsters find their way in the world. He regrets, however, that most kids' lives are subject to some form of control from dawn until dusk. Lamenting risk-averse parents, overstructured school days, and a lack of playtime and solitude, Mercogliano argues that we are robbing our young people of "that precious, irreplaceable period in their lives that nature has set aside for exploration and innocent discovery," leaving them ill-equipped to face adulthood. The "domestication of childhood" squeezes the adventure out of kids' lives and threatens to smother the spark that animates each child with talents, dreams, and    As Mercogliano explains, however, there is plenty that those involved with children can do to protect their spontaneity and exuberance. We can address their desperate thirst for knowledge, give them space to learn from their mistakes, and let them explore what their place in the adult world might be.
So, the best thing would be to propose things along the line of what Chris Mercogliano suggests. Why not contact him directly? Or at least read his books. He has more than thirty years of free school teaching experience doing exactly what you propose, to great success. He can tell you much more than I can.
Also related:
"[p2p-research] ADHD or lack of Vitamin D? Albany Free School connection?"
But sure, one can invent exercises. One can "study" democracy in authoritarian schools too. At the Albany Free School, kids learn democracy by living it and making democratic choices from a young age. There are no such schools listed in Italy -- maybe you could start one? :-)
   Of course, free and democratic schools are a bit of a sham, in that what we really need is a democratic society, including one where parents don't have to park their children somewhere all day so they can "work" at mostly meaningless guarding jobs. A homeschool resource center is another approach to this, to help homeschoolers do a better job (assuming homeschooling is legal in your country -- outlawing homeschooling was one of the things Hitler did, and the Germans have not budged on that since.)
   Looks like it is legal in Italy:
  On that:
   Homeschooling is illegal in Germany, yet it and other educational alernatives are now gaining reconsideration, as this publication attests. For information about Teach Your Own in German visit  Genius Verlag.
   Is there an Italian translation of that book? Or an Italian translation of Chris Mercogliano's book? That might be another thing to propose. :-)
 > I
Different kids are ready to learn different things at different times. Ideally, most education should be learner directed, within a supportive environment where healthy and wise community members have set up the potential for many positive experiences, including setting good examples. Another example:
   "At Sudbury Valley School, students from preschool through high school age explore the world freely, at their own pace and in their own unique ways. They learn to think for themselves, and learn to use Information Age tools to unearth the knowledge they need from multiple sources. They develop the ability to make clear logical arguments, and deal with complex ethical issues. Through self-initiated activities, they pick up the basics; as they direct their lives, they take responsibility for outcomes, set priorities, allocate resources, and work with others in a vibrant community. "
Again though, I think ripping "education" out of the general community and restricting it to state-managed schools is an evil that we have not yet begun to wrestle with globally, even though people like John Taylor Gatto and others have started.
See, you're leading by example. Great!
I'd suggest the translation route as an easy start. Contact those people and see if you can translate the books. Still, those books are not under free licenses, so you might want to consider making other free materials in Italian.
By the way, here are some Catholics developing support for the idea of a basic income: :-)
   As they say on their main page:
   A journal of Catholic patriots
   For the Social Credit monetary reform
   Through the education of the population
   And not through politicial parties
Again, maybe translation opportunities?
I wonder if there could be a general theme of peer-to-peer translation of peer-to-peer ideas? :-)
Sorry to not have the specific ideas you are looking for. You might also look here:
   "Open Educational Resources"
   But really, there are endless sites on the web now about kids and environmentalism. There are movies like Wall-E (avoid the video game, it is violent, even if it is "just" human-looking robot-on-robot violence) that can be food for discussion. The Wall-E credits and that Peter Gabriel song can still bring tears to my eye:
   "WALL-E Credits"
   That's my whole current life aspiration right there in those credits. :-)
At least the first half of them -- before the video game-like section in the middle -- so up to the big tree part, as much of the rest is about robotic warfare. :-(
With my own child, I have talked about things like 3D printing someday being able to print toys. That got a good reception. :-) And how someday we may be able to move beyond (wartime) rationing based on ration units called "money". Someday. It's hard to both educate a child about how the world works now, and still give them a sense it could be different. I sprinkle provisos like "in our current culture" or "in this current society" to help with that.
But seriously, these are much bigger issues to tackle right now:
"he War Play Dilemma: What Every Parent And Teacher Needs to Know"
?Childhood is dramatically different today than it was just a generation ago, but children still need an environment that encourages healthy play, a sense of security, and strong, loving relationships. Whether you are a parent or teacher, my goal is to help you prepare and succeed in supporting children?s optimal growth in these challenging times.?
? Nancy Carlsson-Paige
Again, maybe translate her works to Italian?
"How One Book Made a Difference"
For the next week, several of us sat with the children, one by one, reading the book Swimmy.  To my amazement, every child used Swimmy?s tale as a vehicle for telling his or her own story of hiding from soldiers, feeling scared, or witnessing atrocities.   Every child talked and talked, and then they drew and talked some more.  Most kids embraced the central message of hope conveyed in the book. Over and over, I heard statements like this one from Dora: ?We are united in our community just like the little fish.  We have courage and we can continue on because we stay together.?  And then she added, ?Thank you for the story of Swimmy.?
   Towards the end of our visit, the art teacher in our delegation showed everyone how to make a gigantic stuffed fish out of paper, decorate it and hang it from the ceiling of one of the classrooms.  The children worked together--cutting, coloring, tying and  gluing--and they were delighted.  I thought about all that had grown up around this one little paperback book. The children had shared their stories, fears and feelings with their sister city visitors who listened with compassion and offered reassurance.  Through Swimmy?s story of survival and the activities it led to, along with the loving relationships that formed that week, the children of San Jose Las Flores gained a renewed sense of hope and support.  And the delegates, those of us who lived for a short time in a village pummeled by war, returned to our safe city altered by what we had seen and inspired by the strength and spirit of people engaged in a struggle for democracy and justice.
The "War play dillema" is mostly about the problems boys face as targeted consumers. Her coauthor on that book wrote another book about the problems girls face as target consumers:
   Popular culture and technology inundate our children with an onslaught of mixed messages at earlier ages than ever before. Corporations capitalize on this disturbing trend, and without the emotional sophistication to understand what they are doing and seeing, kids are getting into increasing trouble emotionally and socially; some may even to engage in precocious sexual behavior. Parents are left shaking their heads, wondering: How did this happen? What can we do?
   So Sexy So Soon is an invaluable and practical guide for parents who are fed up, confused, and even scared by what their kids?or their kids? friends?do and say. Diane E. Levin, Ph.D., and Jean Kilbourne, Ed.D., internationally recognized experts in early childhood development and the impact of the media on children and teens, understand that saying no to commercial culture?TV, movies, toys, Internet access, and video games?isn?t a realistic or viable option for most families. Instead, they offer parents essential, age-appropriate strategies to counter the assault.
   For instance:
     * Help your children expand their imaginations by suggesting new ways for them to play with toys?for example, instead of ?playing house? with dolls, they might send their toys on a backyard archeological adventure.
     * Counteract the narrow gender stereotypes in today?s media: ask your son to help you cook; get your daughter outside to play ball.
     * Share your values and concerns with other adults?relatives, parents of your children?s friends?and agree on how you?ll deal with TV and other media when your children are at one another?s houses.
Basically, it has been profitable for some to saturate the life of young boys with war toys and war media, and to saturate the life of young girls with sexualized products and media.
I think they underestimate the value and ease of turning off broadcast TV.
   I can't imagine what our life would be like with a broadcast TV -- at least I can't imagine it being any better. Selected DVDs and supervised use of a computer in the kitchen can provide as much media as young kids should have. An important issue is that audio and books allow children's imagination to scale stories to what they can handle, whereas graphic media (even cartoons) force children's imaginations to go in ways that may be inappropriate and harmful for them, with the child having no way to tone down the stimulus (so for example, it's one thing for Raffi to sing a funny song about Zombies and Werewolves, it's another to see a two hour film of Zombies and Werewolves doing horrible things to people, even if you know intellectually it is fake, and kids have trouble knowing the difference until they are seven or older.)
So, also writing some really good children's books (the best appeal to both children and adults) could help.
You could translate this one to Italian if it is not already:
      But there are lots of such stories that are worthwhile. Making free children's books for the web is a possibility. Or just finding them and translating them to Italian. Or, if they are out of copyright, even adapting them using the old pictures in new ways?
Anyway, glad to "help" more if I can. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-29 12:23:05
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Suggestions wanted for education to 
I half-agree with what you wrote here. :-)
Life is, as Manuel de Landa suggests, about an experimental balance between meshworks and hierarchies.
   Part of the half-agreement is that anthropologists can tell us a lot about what it takes to have happy families and happy societies, and our current social framework in the USA is not it:
"Our Babies, Ourselves: How Biology and Culture Shape the Way We Parent"
"Besides further opening my eyes to other cultures and other ways to raise babies, this book was most beneficial to me in emphasizing that evolution determines how the human race developed and why babies have the needs they do. People pushing in the 1950's and 60's for bottle feeding, putting babies face down to sleep, letting babies cry it out, putting babies in separate rooms to sleep, etc., not only did it without scientific evidence, they also were going against babies' biological needs, determined by millions of years of evolution. Now I think of evolution and what reasons babies have for a particular behavior when deciding how to deal with an issue."
I think we can make fairly well-informed an scientifically based statements about what human beings need to be happy. They are just counter to most of modern industrial consumerist society. And whatever the science says, I'm more likely to believe it when it syncs with compassionate intuition, which it more and more does about children.
And, it was an *intentional* tradeoff to harm children for industrial gains:
   "A conspiracy against ourselves"
   Schools got the way they were at the start of the twentieth century as part of a vast, intensely engineered social revolution in which all major institutions were overhauled to work together in harmonious managerial efficiency. Ours was to be an improvement on the British system, which once depended on a shared upper-class culture for its coherence. Ours would be subject to a rational framework of science, law, instruction, and mathematically derived merit. When Morgan reorganized the American marketplace into a world of cooperating trusts at the end of the nineteenth century, he created a business and financial subsystem to interlink with the subsystem of government, the subsystem of schooling, and other subsystems to regulate every other aspect of national life. None of this was conspiratorial. Each increment was rationally defensible. But the net effect was the destruction of small-town, small-government America, strong families, individual liberty, and a lot of other things people weren?t aware they were trading for a regular corporate paycheck.
   A huge price had to be paid for business and government efficiency, a price we still pay in the quality of our existence. Part of what kids gave up was the prospect of being able to read very well, a historic part of the American genius. Instead, school had to train them for their role in the new overarching social system. But spare yourself the agony of thinking of this as a conspiracy. It was and is a fully rational transaction, the very epitome of rationalization engendered by a group of honorable men, all honorable men?but with decisive help from ordinary citizens, from almost all of us as we gradually lost touch with the fact that being followers instead of leaders, becoming consumers in place of producers, rendered us incompletely human. It was a naturally occurring conspiracy, one which required no criminal genius. The real conspirators were ourselves. When we sold our liberty for the promise of automatic security, we became like children in a conspiracy against growing up, sad children who conspire against their own children, consigning them over and over to the denaturing vats of compulsory state factory schooling.
Many other US child rearing practices also flow from perceived industrial needs, including bottle feeding, day care, TV as a babysitter, and so on.
As I wrote to someone else yesterday in regards to possible military deceptions, and how we would never know for sure about many things:
Once people are playing with smoke and mirrors, the whole system of trust needed to sustain mutual security and civilization is eroded. The deeper questions that remain, whatever the history of how we got where we are today, are:
* is this the society we *have* to build, and if not,
* is this the society we *want* to build?
Now, a lot of argument gets stuck on the first point. Such as, TINA, there is no alternative than the market as it is now with the current distribution of wealth directed to the military and guarding because, well, whatever the reason. And that then gets turned into a lot of personal decisions about what products to make and how to distribute them. Even by the non-profit sector.
It only when we get past the first implicit question, about whether things *have* to be this way, that we can get at the second or the one you raise.
 > If you can
That's a good question. But as you say below, we are social creatures. "Monkey see, monkey do" actually applies more to human children than chimpanzee children.
Consider, for example:
   "Who's in Control? The Unhappy Consequences of Being Child-Centered"
   "The crucial difference is that the Yequana are not child-centered. They may occasionally nuzzle their babies affectionately, play peek-a-boo, or sing to them, yet the great majority of the caretaker's time is spent paying attention to something else...not the baby! Children taking care of babies also regard baby care as a non-activity and, although they carry them everywhere, rarely give them direct attention. Thus, Yequana babies find themselves in the midst of activities they will later join as they proceed through the stages of creeping, crawling, walking, and talking. The panoramic view of their future life's experiences, behavior, pace, and language provides a rich basis for their developing participation. Being played with, talked to, or admired all day deprives the babe of this in-arms spectator phase that would feel right to him. Unable to say what he needs, he will act out his discontentment. He is trying to get his caretaker's attention, yet ? and here is the cause of the understandable confusion ? his purpose is to get the caretaker to change his unsatisfactory experience, to go about her own business with confidence and without seeming to ask his permission. Once the situation is corrected, the attention-getting behavior we mistake for a permanent impulse can subside. The same principle applies in the stages following the in-arms phase."
However, anyone who really spends time with children:
      will tell you that kids do this naturally if they are given good examples to draw from, and time to play about them. The problem is, kid's don't get good examples, and then between school and broadcast TV, they have no time to play:
"Can the Right Kinds of Play Teach Self-Control? " "In the end, the most lasting effect of the Tools of the Mind studies may be to challenge some of our basic ideas about the boundary between work and play. Today, play is seen by most teachers and education scholars as a break from hard work or a reward for positive behaviors, not a place to work on cognitive skills. But in Tools of the Mind classrooms, that distinction disappears: work looks a lot like play, and play is treated more like work. When I asked Duckworth about this, she said it went to the heart of what was new and potentially important about the program. "We often think about play as relaxing and doing what you want to do," she explained. "Maybe it's an American thing: We work really hard, and then we go on vacation and have fun. But in fact, very few truly pleasurable moments come from complete hedonism. What Tools does - and maybe what we all need to do - is to blur the line a bit between what is work and what is play. Just because something is effortful and difficult and involves some amount of constraint doesn't mean it can't be fun.""
Though I think Chris Mercogliano's insights are even better:
   In any case, raising children should not be an industrial process at this point, if it ever should have been.
Broadcast TV. Excessive sugar. Bottle feeding. Keeping infants in cages. Lack of sunlight and vitamin D. Food products instead of food. Stressed out parents. Broken families and broken communities. No kids on the streets anymore.
I'd say, start with fixing those before we start saying kids learning what they want when they want is bad. :-)
But sure, take kids who have been broadly abused by our society in various profitable ways (broadcast TV, sugar, etc.), and maybe, to make them sit still and take it, in child prison five days a week, maybe they do need to be abused more to make the rest of the evil system work? It's all so sick and twisted. The dysfunction is so deep and evil, and we have become so desensitized to it, accepting now that it is "normal" to take a young human being at five or six years old and make them sit in one place for six hours a day doing paperwork and being lectured at, that it is easy not to see the horror anymore. Plus, the teachers get rewards of getting money and seeing trained seals jump through hoops on command, so the teachers have trouble seeing it too. We're several generations into this escalating fiasco, so the teachers themselves don't know what it felt like to be a real child anymore Every kid is an outlier in some way, or could be. So, we need individualized, learner centric, educational experiences. Just to begin with, information means more when connected to a child's daily life. So, beyond learning from doing in the home, see also:
  Good points.
Except that "the medium is the message". If you have an authoritarian setting, locked doors, teachers who give orders, compulsion to attend (contrast with the public library), then what are kids really learning?
   "The Seven Lesson Schoolteacher"
  "Teaching means different things in different places, but seven
lessons are universally taught Harlem to Hollywood Hills.  They
constitute a national curriculum you pay more for in more ways than you
can imagine, so you might as well know what it is.  You are at liberty,
of course, to regard these lessons any way you like, but believe me when
I say I intend no irony in this presentation.  These are the things I
teach, these are the things you pay me to teach.  Make of them what you
will: ..."
What school models is how to be a bully, in a bureaucratic way.
How can one have "social acceptance" when the only society around one is kids of similar age? That is so dysfunctional a concept (see "Brave New World"), but so widespread by now, that we cannot even see it anymore. Kids grow up healthiest from a mix of ages, from babies to old people. Then they can become well developed social beings.
And also usually terribly conformist in subtle ways:
   "What Makes Mainstream Media Mainstream"
   "People within them, who don?t adjust to that structure, who don?t accept it and internalize it (you can?t really work with it unless you internalize it, and believe it); people who don?t do that are likely to be weeded out along the way, starting from kindergarten, all the way up. There are all sorts of filtering devices to get rid of people who are a pain in the neck and think independently. Those of you who have been through college know that the educational system is very highly geared to rewarding conformity and obedience; if you don?t do that, you are a troublemaker. So, it is kind of a filtering device which ends up with people who really honestly (they aren?t lying) internalize the framework of belief and attitudes of the surrounding power system in the society."
See also:
   "The anti-racist charge of white racism gives persons like Dan a way of addressing their moral failure of nerve without having to face a harder truth that they acted in racist ways not because they were racist but because they were afraid of being rejected. The charge of racism does not heal this condition or even describe it. It simply punishes a person for being broken."
Most school teachers, who replicate the systems they were brought up in, are broken people by that standard. They perpetuate an evil that may be worse than racism, the destruction of children's minds and souls. And they do it as unthinkingly as most people made racial comments and racial decisions in the USA in the 1800s. Because, if they thought about what they were doing very deeply, like John Taylor Gatto did, and worked hard to get rid of those habits of authoritarianism, they would not do it anymore. Or they might moderate their behavior with a better balance of authoritative behavior mixed with learning *from* children. They might still be *educators* (which we desperately need), but they would not be *teachers*.
As for left-leaning, so were the National Socialists in Germany. There can be a tyranny of the left, as well as a tyranny from the right. We need to transcend both IMHO, and come to some new synthesis of what is best in each of them, and add in stuff they both ignore.
They all interact. The way schools are set up reflects the actions of people in a certain culture. The schools then perpetuate certain ideas and attitudes. But the biggest thing most schools do is intentionally cripple children, using the seven lesson Gatto outlines above. Even if the origins of that structure have been lost in decades of past history, and most school personnel have plenty of justifications for what they do, as evil as it is, just like most racists have plenty of justifications for what they do. And many racists have made a good living at it, and not just by owning slaves.
We all need to make judgments all the time, and use our judgment. Sure, "judgemental" is going too far, but that's part of good judgment. School is not very good at helping people learn how to have good judgment. And with parents at work, and the TV as a babysitter, and with most neighborhoods destroyed between the car and TV and work, who is to help the young learn to have good judgment? The churches? That just pits one hierarchy (the church) against another hierarchy (the state). But yes, a good church can help.
As I said at the start, there is a consilience of ideas from traditional culture, from science, from people who spent decades with actual children, and from compassionate intuition on this. Discussion about this is not as arbitrary as you make it seem.
But sure, you could frame "peer to peer" in those terms. :-) Thinking you have something worthwhile to say and saying it. :-)
 > Nation-states don't trust parents to do that well, by and large,
"The Emergence of Compulsory Schooling and Anarchist Resistance"
I don't think you can compare adult people's behavior on an electronic mailing list, when such mailing lists did not even exist for most people twenty years ago, with children learning social norms face-to-face in healthy communities.
 > Sharing is widely taught but one
What is your evidence for this? Where are the parents and family and friends and neighbors? Where are the years of learning how to deal with these sorts of issues, as above, through play?
Also, forced sharing is not sharing. It might be better to distinguish between shared big resources and gift giving on small things?
Agreed. If we add the other aspect of good role models. Where are the P2P role models for kids?
Someone posted this to the OM list a while back:
"The critical delusion of the condition of digitisation or the prosecution of sharing and seduction"
"Specifically, let us recall that Niklas Zennstr?m, the CEO of Skype, ? a major player in the rapidly expanding and highly competitive Voice-over-IP (VoIP) telephony business arena - is not allowed to set foot upon US soil.[1] Why would the US, with its long history of encouraging and rewarding new capitalist innovations, prevent the CEO of such an innovative and profit-making enterprise from entering its premises? The answer lies in the fact that Niklas Zennstr?m is also the developer of Kazaa ? one of the P2P networks that further led the 'napsterisation' of the music industry. Or, alternatively, remember that the developer of the Winnie P2P technology ? has been put behind bars in Japan.[2]"
How about a learning by doing exercise about team building and sharing?
That's a deeper issue, schools teaching competition by celebrating it.
Even the process of grading itself sends the wrong message:
9.  Grades spoil students? relationships with each other.  The quality of students? thinking has been shown to depend partly on the extent to which they are permitted to learn cooperatively (Johnson and Johnson, 1989; Kohn, 1992).  Thus, the ill feelings, suspicion, and resentment generated by grades aren?t just disagreeable in their own right; they interfere with   The most destructive form of grading by far is that which is done ?on a curve,? such that the number of top grades is artificially limited:  no matter how well all the students do, not all of them can get an A.  Apart from the intrinsic unfairness of this arrangement, its practical effect is to teach students that others are potential obstacles to their own success.   The kind of collaboration that can help all students to learn more effectively doesn?t stand a chance in such an environment.
   Sadly, even teachers who don?t explicitly grade on a curve may assume, perhaps unconsciously, that the final grades ?ought to? come out looking more or less this way:  a few very good grades, a few very bad grades, and the majority somewhere in the middle.  But as one group of researchers pointed out, "It is not a symbol of rigor to have grades fall into a 'normal' distribution; rather, it is a symbol of failure -- failure to teach well, failure to test well, and failure to have any influence at all on the intellectual lives of students? (Milton et al., 1986, p. 225).
   The competition that turns schooling into a quest for triumph and ruptures relationships among students doesn?t just happen within classrooms, of course.  The same effect is witnessed at a schoolwide level when kids are not just rated but ranked, sending the message that the point isn?t to learn, or even to perform well, but to defeat others.  Some students might be motivated to improve their class rank, but that is completely different from being motivated to understand ideas.  (Wise educators realize that it doesn?t matter how motivated students are; what matters is how students are motivated.  It is the type of motivation that counts, not the amount.)
Sadly, I agree that most parents have been so schooled and indoctrinated, they will have a tough time seeing any alternative.
As a homeschooling mother of four, I am mostly opposed to this method. I believe that it sets the child or children up for a rather harsh reality check later. There are no colleges or Universities that "unschool" and certainly no jobs that "unjob". There are, and always will be, rules and regulations that must be met and adhered to. That's just the way it is.
Contrast with:
   "The ludic life is totally incompatible with existing reality. So much the worse for "reality," the gravity hole that sucks the vitality from the little in life that still distinguishes it from mere survival. Curiously -- or maybe not -- all the old ideologies are conservative because they believe in work. Some of them, like Marxism and most brands of anarchism, believe in work all the more fiercely because they believe in so little else."
And you've been taught this by ... school? :-(
Let's say you're right. How big should your sense of "self" be? Fingertips? Body? Family? Neighborhood? Society? Ecosystem? Cosmos?
Against what targets, and in what ways, should you direct your "aggression"?
      What do you do with the mad that you feel
When you feel so mad you could bite?
When the whole wide world seems oh, so wrong...
And nothing you do seems very right?
I'm pretty aggressive about vitamin D deficiency and stopping war these days, and how the two may even be connected. :-)
As well as mad about mental illness among the affluent: :-)
   "The Culture of Affluence: Psychological Costs of Material Wealth"
   "Children of affluence are generally presumed to be at low risk. However, recent studies have suggested problems in several domains?notably, substance use, anxiety, and depression?and 2 sets of potential causes: pressures to achieve and isolation from parents. Recognizing the limited awareness of these issues, the objectives in this paper are to collate evidence on the nature of problems among the wealthy and their likely causes. The first half of the paper is focused on disturbances among affluent children and the second half is focused on characteristics of their families and neighborhoods. Widespread negative sentiments toward the rich are then discussed, and the paper concludes with suggestions for future work with families at the upper end of the socioeconomic spectrum."
"Children of the Affluent: Challenges to Well-Being"
"Growing up in the culture of affluence can connote various psychosocial risks. Studies have shown that upper-class children can manifest elevated disturbance in several areas?such as substance use, anxiety, and depression?and that two sets of factors seem to be implicated, that is, excessive pressures to achieve and isolation from parents (both literal and emotional). Whereas stereotypically, affluent youth and poor youth are respectively thought of as being at ?low risk? and ?high risk,? comparative studies have revealed more similarities than differences in their adjustment patterns and socialization processes. In the years ahead, psychologists must correct the long-standing neglect of a group of youngsters treated, thus far, as not needing their attention. Family wealth does not automatically confer either wisdom in parenting or equanimity of spirit; whereas children rendered atypical by virtue of their parents' wealth are undoubtedly privileged in many respects, there is also, clearly, the potential for some nontrivial threats to their psychological well-being."
 > Much as I wish that weren't so, I don't expect
There are worlds beyond money. It is the seventh law of money:
   "7. There are worlds without money. They are the worlds of art, poetry, music, dance, sex, etc. the essentials of human life. The seventh law is like a star that is your guide. You know that you cannot live on the star; it is not physically a part of your life, but rather an aid to orientation. You are not going to reach this star, but in some sense neither are you going to reach your destination without it to guide you."
But even within a "merit-based, market-drive reality", we can talk about moving beyond rankism with a dignitarian movement that extends to children, and a basic income that extents to all.
            Well, there are counter trends:
   And they live and die by traffic laws. And they live and die by what they eat, and how much sunlight or vitamin D3 they get. So what?
Meshworks, Hierarchies, and Interfaces:
   > Changing cultures is
Raising children well is probably harder. :-)
Well, maybe, maybe not, but we can begin with by trying to ask useful questions.
What is the purpose of schooling? Who decides? What is its history?
Gatto raises these sorts of issues, in other free resources, or this new book:
"Weapons of Mass Instruction: A Schoolteacher's Journey through the Dark World of Compulsory Schooling"
Or, as I mentioned here:
People have envisioned alternatives in all sorts of ways. Some are mentioned in the above links.
It's a subject worth devoting a lot of time to exploring, because so much of what we have become, and so much of the artificial limits in our lives, one way or another, have come through schooling.
But, so many of the healthy roots in our lives have come from outside of schooling, which is getting harder and harder for most kids. Again from Gatto:
   Thirty years ago these things could still be learned in the time left after school.  But television has eaten up most of that time, and a combination of television and the stresses peculiar to two-income or single-parent families have swallowed up most of what used to be family time.  Our kids have no time left to grow up fully human, and only thin-soil wastelands to do it in.   A future is rushing down upon our culture which will insist that all of us learn the wisdom of non-material experience; a future which will demand as the price of survival that we follow a pace of natural life economical in material cost.  These lessons cannot be learned in schools as they are. School is like starting life with a 12-year jail sentence in which bad habits are the only curriculum truly learned.  I teach school and win awards doing it. I should know.
And then there is all the *money* that could be spent in other ways. :-)
"Towards a Post-Scarcity New York State of Mind (through homeschooling)"
But, as you raise earlier on, it is a good question to think about how we want to live, and what kind of society we want to build. We know a lot more than we did 200 years ago when Prussian-style schooling began to be put in place, leading to global wars originating from schooling's place of origin
   Hopefully we can do better now. Many, many people are trying. Many are succeeding in various ways. But it's hard. Not just do you have to raise children well (something that takes a lot of time), but you have to protect them against many aspects of a dysfunctional industrial system, while still participating with them in healthy communities. It's very hard.
And whatever you do, you have to deal with the aftermath of a schooled society:
   In my dream I see Bianca as a fiend manufactured by schooling who now regards Janey as a vehicle for vengeance. In a transport of passion she:
    1. Gives Jane?s car a ticket before the meter runs out.
    2. Throws away Jane?s passport application after Jane leaves the office.
    3. Plays heavy metal music through the thin partition which separates Bianca?s apartment from Jane?s while Jane pounds frantically on the wall for     4. All the above.
See also:
   Video: "State Controlled Consciousness" by John Taylor Gatto
   "Schooling is a form of adoption. You give your kid up in his or her most plastic years to a group of strangers. You accept a promise, sometimes stated and more often implied that the state through its agents knows better how to raise your children and educate them than you, your neighbors, your grandparents, your local traditions do. And that your kid will be better off so adopted. But by the time the child returns to the family, or has the option of doing that, very few want to. Their parents are some form of friendly stranger too and why not? In the key hours of growing up, strangers have reared the kid."
 > Ryan
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-29 12:56:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
Both possibilities are suggested here:
   "Manna"
   But Marshall Brain's story leaves out other possibilities (embedded links on that page which I wrote):
These are some ways to deal with increasing joblessness, even if our economy recovers for those who still have jobs or money, which will be explored in more depth over time:
     * temporary measures like unemployment insurance and retraining funds, and when those fail, letting people live with relatives who still have jobs or be homeless (the USA now has one million homeless schoolchildren, an amount that has doubled in the last two years);
     * government public works like in the 1930s (infrastructure, arts, research, medicine, etc.);
     * a ?basic income? for everyone, essentially Social Security and Medicaid for all with no means testing;
     * improved local subsistence like with 3D printing and organic gardening;
     * a p2p gift economy (like Wikipedia and Debian GNU/Linux);
     * a shorter work week (like tried in France);
     * rethinking work to be more fun so it is done as play;
     * alternative currencies or other forms of exchange like barter or more formal rationing;
     * increasing advertising to entice people into more debt (one cause of the current economic crisis as the debt bubble burst);
     * intentionally producing shoddy merchandise or things with planned obsolescence, perhaps encouraged by promoting faddism in the culture;
     * more prisons (employs guards and keeps people out of the labor pool);
     * more schooling (employs guards/teachers and keeps people out of the labor pool) while suppressing true education; and
     * more war (employs guards/soldiers, blows up and wastes abundance, and kills or disables workers to keep them out of the labor pool).
Which is great, as long as everyone has access to the basics they need to live and do. But, our system is not set up that way, with a few holding most of the wealth, and with income for most people supplying the cash they need to buy food. So, without redistribution of wealth, most people without access to land will starve, and those who can live in subsistence from gardens will be materially poor in other ways. Redistribution of wealth is ongoing through taxes, but is often, in the USA, redistributed in questionable ways (upwards to the rich, or wasted in the military, or diverted to expanding proprietary business rather than underwrite Looking up your reference:
   "The Solow Growth Model"
   "Production is given by the production function Y = K^a(AL)^1-a, where Y is output, K is capital, L is labor, and A is a labor-augmenting technology factor.  The capital stock increases in a given period by the amount sY - dK, where s is the savings rate and d is the depreciation rate.  The labor force grows at rate n, and the technology factor A grows at rate g. "
See, there's your problem. :-) K for capital mixes imaginary fiat dollars and real physical land and real physical machinery. That is madness. :-)
We need to distinguish between physical growth and renewal, and the movement of fiat dollars. The two are not the same thing. It would be like confusing hardware and software.  Even as our expectations about software tend to shape the hardware we make. Really, it's even worse, since software is a real thing. It's like confusing the hardware of a supercomputer and the current voltage on a databus in the computer somewhere. Lunacy.
As hyperinflation shows, the value of paper or digital money is entirely in the human imagination. Unfortunately, as WWII shows, a disturbed human imagination can have big effect on the real world.
I've got a solar panel. It works. :-) Trust me on this. :-) Honest. :-)
(Well, you shouldn't trust me on that; I never tested it; I bought a big panel before the Iraq war started just in case to run a laptop, as I thought biological retaliation was possible inside the USA. Thankfully, I was wrong.)
Still, I doubt all these people are lying:
         We're seeing exponential growth of renewables, reaching near 100% in twenty to thirty years. It's a non-issue as far as I'm concerned. Even with lots of work to be done. And even as not understanding that this is a non-issue may lead to war.
Well, that may be true. Maybe we need some simualations?
I keep getting back to needing to dust off this work that got shelved when I had a kid:
  "This project is mainly to develop simulations of chaordic organizations, processes, and systems under the GPL license, with "chaordic" used as defined by Dee Hock at  and in his book "Birth of the Chaordic Age"."
And I've ended up writing more since.
I think some good simulations could help a lot in understanding this, and forging a better economics of abundance, so people can play with the ideas and assumptions.
Again, simulations using individual based models of economic actors might help.
It remains to be seen. One bioengineerd plague is all it takes to wipe us all out.
Maybe even maybe just one GMO produced for other reasons:
   "Klebsiella planticola"
   "In the early 1990s a European genetic engineering company was preparing to field test and then commercialize on a major scale a genetically engineered soil bacteria called Klebsiella planticola. The bacteria had been tested--as it turns out in a careless and very unscientific mannner--by scientists working for the biotech industry and was believed to be safe for the environment. Fortunately a team of independent scientists, headed by Dr. Elaine Ingham of Oregon State University, decided to run their own tests on the gene-altered Klebsiella planticola. What they discovered was not only startling, but terrifying--the biotech industry had created a biological monster--a genetically engineered microorganism that would kill all terrestrial plants. After Ingham's expose, of course the gene-altered Klebsiella planticola was never commercialized. But as Ingham points out, the lack of pre-market safety testing of other genetically altered organisms virtually guarantees that future biological monsters will be released into the environment."
Well, to be fair, and skeptical, that is usually a fairly profitable thing to say. :-)
How about ten million (or whatever) unemployed US Americans with next to no prospect for ever having a job again? How is the US economy going to create ten or twenty million "good" jobs?
"U.S. Suffering Permanent Destruction of Jobs"
Or from:
"The deepest issue is that the US economy has essentially created no net new ?good? jobs for decades. Sure, some good jobs have been created, but far more have been lost. By 1950s standards of ?good?, think about jobs that are not too hazardous to physical or mental health, pay enough to raise a family on just one income while owning a house, and have health benefits and retirement benefits. Or, essentially, pay enough to be solidly middle class on one job. By those standards, there are very few ?good jobs? in the USA. Granted, some of this is also about rising consumer expectations in the USA. But not all. The US economy has been unable to create any net increase in good jobs for decades, and instead has been overall shedding ?good jobs?, like through offshoring, through increased automation, and through better designs that are longer lasting or easier to produce. So, what is different about now that we should suddenly see lots of good jobs created?"
 > Change is not in the air except amongst
What would make an answer compelling for you? Would a good computer simulation help? One where you could play with the assumptions and see what I just posted something about this in regards to the OM list,
but maybe the issue is better discussed here? In terms of a much more basic As I said there:
So, for example, let's say someone put in a simulation of interacting agents
that formed some sort of simulated economy making simulated things in
relation to some simulated demand. With a simple GUI. Maybe even something
not much more complex that the Clojure ant simulation at the start.
    "Clojure Ant Simulation links"
            ??? :-)
This relates also back to this discussion we had:
"[p2p-research] FOSS modeling tools (was Re: Earth's carrying capacity and Does the P2P Foundation wiki have a section on computer simulation of various economic networks and analysis of such models?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-29 16:33:17
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
Nathan just sent me these links:
"Home Assistance Robot"
Wow, that's one of the most impressive household robots I've seen, although it's hard to tell, from a video like this, how general it really is in terms of working in arbitrary environments.
Still, if the choice was, live in a somewhat structured environment and have all the household chores done, or live somewhere else less standard, I'd think some people would go for the more structured home, just to get this robot (even if it meant little choice by requiring identical chairs and refrigerators and whatever). Older people especially may like this. The same thing has happened with factory robots. There was some increase in flexibility in robots, but also a lot of standardization in factory layout and parts handling to make it easier for the robot to operate. Which makes me realize, maybe robot companies won't just sell you the robot, but they could (for a time till robots get better) sell you a mobile home to live in that the robot knows how to clean in and cook in and take care of with basic Just to be clear, I don' think human will ever face a loss of "meaningful work", because people will build their own meanings (including raising children and just enjoying a day at the beach).
What humans face is a loss of "paying work". :-)
Again, look at that robot above. It's true that it is still on wheels, and is a little slow. But, the improvements just keep coming.
A robot like that could really help parents of young children by helping with the cleaning, or it could really hurt parents of young children by assuring the family has no income (like from house cleaning).
The issue is becoming, do people have a human right to make a claim on the industrial and natural and robot commons, by right of existence?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-29 18:07:31
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
Actually, in this chart I assume it is referring to energy out compared to energy in, so it is being measured in "product" not "profit" in that sense.
I totally agree with this, and hope you can elaborate in this direction.
Although, again, I'd suggest thinking about alternatives to using the term "profit" because it could be thought of in physical terms (like you put in one barrel of oil to pump 30 barrels of oil or whatever). Even though everyone uses the term. :-) I feel you may be on safer ground talking in terms of "rents" and who gets them ("rent seeking"). Who gets the rent from oil containing lands? Who gets the rent from producing or using robots?
Another reason why profits is misleading is, as Tere points, out external costs. If you factor in the cost of guarding nuclear waste for 50000 years, there may be a net negative energy cost to using nuclear power. :-) (Although I have said before that dumping it in a wilderness area to keep people out might be a compromise to benefit wildlife habitat. :-)
Likewise, consider the oil EROI. If we are spending in the USA literally about a trillion dollars a year on extrinsic defense considering all costs, then how much "profit" really are we getting from oil? Consider gasoline, if an electric car could go further on the electricity used to refine a gallon of gas than an internal combustion engine car can go on a gallon of gas, then the net energy return on all that oil is negative.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-29 18:25:25
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the new green revolution in AFrica 
Having worked in organic agriculture for a time in a couple of ways, the basic adage is, feed the soil for healthy plants, and healthy plants resist And if you want to feed the soil, ground up rock does an excellent job:
  "Remineralize the Earth promotes the regeneration of soils and forests worldwide with finely ground rock dust as a sustainable alternative to chemical fertilizers and pesticides, creating fertile soils much as the Earth does. Not only do we need to recycle and return the organic matter to the soil, it is equally vital to return all of the mineral nutrients which create fertile soils and healthy crops and forests. Remineralization is essential to restore ecological balance and stabilize the climate. "
So yes, that person does not know much other than (wrong) "conventional farming" wisdom. And worse, when you saturate the soil with one type of fertilizer like nitrogen, it statistically drives out all the micronutrients, leading to less healthy plants (requiring heavy pesticides because they can not make plant defense compounds) that are less healthy to eat (mosty starch and fiber, few micronutrients).
A good book on the science of alternative agriculture that explains the chemistry of much of this from 1987:
This stuff has been known for decades. Words fail me to describe the disaster that has been foisted on farmers, the biosphere, and the public by people who don't want to know this.
See also, from 1909:
  Also, as for the USA, a deeper issue:
"By far the greatest impact on the American landscape comes not from urbanization but rather from agriculture. According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, farming and ranching are responsible for 68 percent of all species endangerment in the United States. ... About 349 million acres in the U.S. are planted for crops. This is the equivalent of about four states the size of Montana. Four crops -- feeder corn (80 million acres), soybeans (75 million acres), alfalfa hay (61 million acres) and wheat (62 million acres) -- make up 80 percent of total crop acreage. All but wheat are primarily used to feed livestock. ... Despite acreage being paved over, malled over or overbuilt with condos, developed land is generally concentrated in and near cities. The loss of farm or ranch land is insignificant compared to the total acreage available in the U.S. The real message here is that we can afford to restore hundreds of millions of acres in the U.S. if we simply shift our diets away from meat. Many organizations spend their time fighting sprawl and championing agriculture as a benign use of the land. If a similar amount of effort were directed toward reducing agricultural production, we would produce far greater protection and restoration for declining species, endangered ecosystems and ecological processes. When critics suggest that we don't have the money to buy land for wildlands restoration, they are forgetting agricultural subsidies, which amount to hundreds of billions of dollars. For what we spend to prop up marginal agricultural producers, we could easily buy most of the private farm and ranch land in the country This would be a far more effective way to contain sprawl, restore wildlands, bring back endangered species, clean up water, slow the spread of exotic species and reduce soil erosion."
Those are the facts for a happy world with organic agriculture:
* feed the soil with ground up rock; and
* eat less meat.
As I mentioned elsewhere, this is the kind of world GMOs may lead to:
"In the early 1990s a European genetic engineering company was preparing to field test and then commercialize on a major scale a genetically engineered soil bacteria called Klebsiella planticola. The bacteria had been tested--as it turns out in a careless and very unscientific mannner--by scientists working for the biotech industry and was believed to be safe for the environment. Fortunately a team of independent scientists, headed by Dr. Elaine Ingham of Oregon State University, decided to run their own tests on the gene-altered Klebsiella planticola. What they discovered was not only startling, but terrifying--the biotech industry had created a biological monster--a genetically engineered microorganism that would kill all terrestrial plants. After Ingham's expose, of course the gene-altered Klebsiella planticola was never commercialized. But as Ingham points out, the lack of pre-market safety testing of other genetically altered organisms virtually guarantees that future biological monsters will be released into the environment."
"Klebsiella planticola--The Gene-Altered Monster That Almost Got Away"
So much direction of resources to stupid (but profitable to some) ends. There are fairly straightforward ways to make the world work for everyone that don't entail taking so many reckless risks. Sure, when our knowledge of biology is better, and we have fancy robots to help, and we have space habitats to escape to, sure, then GMOs might make more sense.
Still, what a terrible weapon of war was created.
   "Salting the earth refers to the practice of spreading salt on fields to make them incapable of being used for crop-growing. This was done in ancient times at the end of some wars as a punitive measure."
 From 1964:
"The Weaponry Revolution: New forms of weaponry have been developed which cannot win wars but which can obliterate civilization. We are recognizing only now that the great weapons have eliminated war as a method for resolving international conflicts. The ever-present threat of total destruction is tempered by the knowledge of the final futility of war. The need of a ?warless world? is generally recognized, though achieving it will be a long and frustrating process."
We are so close to the edge in many ways -- just not the ones most people who claim to be leaders or who have vast wealth are worried about. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-29 19:24:05
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
That chart is misleading because it likely does not include the energy costs of remediating the pollution caused by using fossil fuels. So, the energy cost of dealing with global climate change? The energy cost or remediating for oil spills? The energy cost of maintaining the Persian Gulf deployment force to guard oil wells and pipelines? The energy costs of running medical centers to deal with cancer, respiratory problems, and widespread low level mercury poisoning from burning coal?
And what about the energy costs of cleaning up after nuclear war if it all falls apart? That's more of a risk that an direct cost, but it is another example of how that chart misleads.
And then there are the various social costs. If half the economy is, say, devoted to dealing with the social and medical problems caused by using oil, is it that great if the EROEI on oil is 30 and wind is 18? It would take a lot less human effort to devote, say, another one million people to building and managing windmills, and let 50 million people stop having to clean up after fossil fuel disasters. Those figures are not intended to be accurate, they are just to show the complexity of trying to understand what that chart Renewables can go forever. Oil and gas and nuclear involves mining finite resources (even if nuclear breeder reactors might go for a long time). So, it is a little misleading to say that there is *any* EROEI for fossil fuel or nuclear. It is kind of like saying there is a money return on money spent on robbing a bank -- it is true, but it misses the point that robbing a bank does not create money.
Fusion power, like powers the sun, and solar panels and wind collect, if we get it on Earth, and it could fuse seawater, has so much fuel easily accessible though as to be effectively infinite. And we may get that eventually. Not to say any of these may pan out, but there is ongoing work:
"The DOE and international groups have invested hundreds of millions of dollars and decades on the tokamak approach. If all works well for the ITER, a fusion power plant will come online in 2050. However, a device derived from the Hirsch-Farnsworth fusor may enable operation of a fusion power plant to begin by 2015?or earlier. ... Dr Robert W. Bussard published results in 2006 claiming that he had achieved 100,000 times better performance than had ever previously been achieved from an IECF device. "
There is also promising ideas in "cold fusion" which remains a field that has been under-researched.
But, we know wind and solar work, with minimal side effects in terms of physical pollution (some, but manageable) and with big improvements in democracy by their decentralized nature.
That's another thing missing on that chart. What are the costs to democracy? What are the costs to the economy of centralization of wealth?
My wife's parents had their pure water destroyed by neighboring coal mining, where people would come from far around to taste it. What is the EROIE on coal given their pure water is gone for good? It might take more energy than came from the coal to put back the land the way it was.
As above, likely a fiction... And even if true, it ignores the war risks...
For active solar right now, the energy payback is around two years. So, over a lifetime of thirty or more years (panels may work for much longer at lower efficiency), thats at least a 15 times EROI, maybe more. See:
"Life-cycle analyses show that the energy intensity of typical solar photovoltaic technologies is rapidly evolving. In 2000 the energy payback time was estimated as 8 to 11 years[71], but more recent studies suggest that technological progress has reduced this to 1.5 to 3.5 years for crystalline silicon PV systems [69]. Thin film technologies now have energy pay-back times in the range of 1-1.5 years (S.Europe).[69] With lifetimes of such systems of at least 30 years[citation needed], the EROEI is in the range of 10 to 30. They thus generate enough energy over their lifetimes to reproduce themselves many times (6-31 reproductions, the EROEI is a bit lower) depending on what type of material, balance of system (or BOS), and the geographic location of the system.[72]"
Passive solar was listed as n/a. For about 10% more in housing construction prices (less and less over time), so ten to twenty thousand US dollars, you can have a house that doesn't need a furnace.
"No furnace required: Energy-efficient 'passive houses' gaining steam"
" Judd Blunk's house is like a womb. Although the temperature outside is in the 20s, his triple-pane windows overlooking the Fox River feel warm from inside. Because there is no furnace, the rooms are quiet. The only sound in the kitchen is the hum of a refrigerator, which along with other appliances, helps supply heat to the airtight 2,300-square-foot Batavia, Ill., home. Blunk is part of a small movement of engineers and homeowners who are taking President Barack Obama's vision of building energy-efficient homes to another level. They are inspired by "passive houses" in Germany that are so well-insulated and energy-efficient they eliminate the need for a conventional heating system."
Air-to-air heat exchangers are needed for healthy indoor air, given manufactured goods outgas.
This all has been know for decades, and is part of the information in studies like "Brittle Power" by the Lovins team. The fact that US building codes did not require this is a national security travesty, as well as a financial travesty, and to me, suggests that most US homes are effectively obsolete and worthless. If it costs, say, US$3600 a year to heat or cool an inefficient home, at US$300 a month, that's what it would cost to build a new house costing US$100000 paid back at 0% interest over thirty years. From a national security perspective, it would probably make sense to literally bulldoze almost every US American house and rebuild it energy efficiently, with loans provided by the US government. And taxes would go down, with all the savings on extrinsic military defense.
Agreed. Although, it is true that the same underlying trends that are improving solar are improving nuclear options. This company:
   it taking Freeman Dyson's (probably, mostly) inherently safe "TRIGA" design
   and making it current for modern technology. Atomic batteries are another area under development:
  Well, not really. I don't like nuclear power because as it has been done historically it centralizes political power and has a track record of lies and deceptions. But, there are billions of people to solve problems. There are ten millions people (at least) out of work in the USA. So, it could be done.
But I'd rather see this approach:
   "Lester Brown's Plan B"
   or this one:
   "A Grand Solar Plan"
   But, even without much special effort, the world's renewables are growing exponentially. As I've posted on before, like here:
"[p2p-research] Ralph Nader, exponential growth, trimtabs, S-curves"
if you plot the exponential curves, if growth continues, in twenty to thirty years the world will be (mostly) all renewables.
What bothers me is, like with influenza vaccine,
   are (not saying you) all the righteous sounding language and charts to justify not doing much about the status quo.
But with all that said, I agree with Freeman Dyson, that there are actually far more important things to worry about than global warming in the short term:
   "The humanist ethic begins with the belief that humans are an essential part of nature. Through human minds the biosphere has acquired the capacity to steer its own evolution, and now we are in charge. Humans have the right and the duty to reconstruct nature so that humans and biosphere can both survive and prosper. For humanists, the highest value is harmonious coexistence between humans and nature. The greatest evils are poverty, underdevelopment, unemployment, disease and hunger, all the conditions that deprive people of opportunities and limit their freedoms. The humanist ethic accepts an increase of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere as a small price to pay, if world-wide industrial development can alleviate the miseries of the poorer half of humanity. The humanist ethic accepts our responsibility to guide the evolution of the planet."
Still, with that said, I think renewables are a better way to develop, and have been for decades. If only the USA had re-elected Jimmy Carter. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-29 20:53:53
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Federal Judge Says E-mail Not Protected 
In the case In re United States, Judge Mosman ruled that there is no constitutional requirement of notice to the account holder because the Fourth Amendment does not apply to e-mails under the third-party doctrine. 'When a person uses the Internet, the user's actions are no longer in his or her physical home; in fact he or she is not truly acting in private space at all. The user is generally accessing the Internet with a network account and computer storage owned by an ISP like Comcast or NetZero. All materials stored online, whether they are e-mails or remotely stored documents, are physically stored on servers owned by an ISP. When we send an e-mail or instant message from the comfort of our own homes to a friend across town the message travels from our computer to computers owned by a third party, the ISP, before being delivered to the intended recipient. Thus, ?private? information is actually being held by third-party private companies."
"The case is In re United States, ? F.Supp.2d ?-, 2009 WL 3416240 (D.Or. 2009), by District Judge Mosman. The issue in the case is whether the government must notify a person when the government obtains a search warrant to access the contents of the person?s e-mail account. Judge Mosman concludes that Rule 41 and 18 U.S.C. 2703(a) require the notice to be served on the ISP, not the account holder, as a statutory matter. He then rules that there is no constitutional requirement of notice to the account holder because the Fourth Amendment does not apply to the e-mails under the third-party doctrine. Here?s the relevant analysis: ..."
I don't really know what this means for peer-to-peer in general, given email is a peer-to-peer technology.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-29 21:47:36
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the new green revolution in AFrica 
Thanks for the info.
Some more green revolution problems.
* Pesticides are likely causing cancer. (Make sure you get enough Vitamin D. :-)
   "It is projected that raising the minimum year-around serum 25(OH)D level to 40 to 60 ng/mL (100-150 nmol/L) would prevent approximately 58,000 new cases of breast cancer and 49,000 new cases of colorectal cancer each year, and three fourths of deaths from these diseases in the United States and Canada, based on observational studies combined with a randomized trial. Such intakes also are expected to reduce case-fatality rates of patients who have breast, colorectal, or prostate cancer by half. There are no unreasonable risks from intake of 2000 IU per day of vitamin D(3), or from a population serum 25(OH)D level of 40 to 60 ng/mL. The time has arrived for nationally coordinated action to substantially increase intake of vitamin D and calcium."
   "Support for the UVB-vitamin D-cancer theory is now scientifically strong enough to warrant use of vitamin D in cancer prevention, and as a component of treatment"
I don't know about vitamin D deficiency in Africa or India. I imagine it might be a problem for people moving to some cities and adopting an indoor urban lifestyle? Could the entire (dark skinned) intelligentsia of Africa and the Indian subcontinent be at risk of vitamin D deficiency?
As less people farm, and more people move to cities, do more people become vitamin D deficient? Just speculation at this point...
* Many high-yield crops in terms of calories are often deficient in micronutrients (as mentioned), and in some cases this has been so bad as to cause serious problems, like birth defects and mental issues across wide areas. And the problem is getting worse:
"Micronutrient deficiencies are widespread. 50% of world cereal soils are deficient in zinc and 30% of cultivated soils globally are deficient in iron. Steady growth of crop yields during recent decades (in particular through the Green Revolution) compounded the problem by progressively depleting soil micronutrient pools. In general, farmers only apply micronutrients when crops show deficiency symptoms, while micronutrient deficiencies decrease yields before symptoms appear. Some common farming practices (such as liming acid soils) contribute to widespread occurrence of micronutrient deficiencies in crops by decreasing the availability of the micronutrients present in the soil. Also, extensive use of glyphosate is increasingly suspected to impair micronutrient uptake by crops, especially with regard to manganese, iron and zinc."
"Let them eat micronutrients"
which misses the point that the soils have been destroyed by the Green Revolution and other poor farming practices.
* The political power structure shifts towards more centralization of wealth.
We have discussed in Chapter 3, some of the effects of the Green Revolution technology aids like new seeds, pesticides, fertilisers, excessive irrigation, indiscriminating tapping of ground water resources, and so on. This kind of technology requires more money just to get going and as a result the large amounts required have led to a debt trap for the poorer peasants. Those  who find this technology economically viable are those with medium and large farm holdings. A related issue is how today in India the politics of agriculture and rural economy is one that is  largely addressed to the concerns of the richer farmers, thus further marginalizing the poorer peasants, the landless and low income share croppers.
One of the major long-term consequences of the Green Revolution and of the post-Green  Revolution phase is the denial, neglect or lack of serious debate about other modes of agricultural production or other methods of agricultural knowledge practices. The Green Revolution culture is advertised as the major model of ?successful? and ?progressive? agriculture. Wherever such intensive large-scale deployment of technology and management has gone in as in oil seeds or operation flood (for creating milk surpluses), often, traditional,  more sustainable forms of food production that guaranteed food access to more of the poor tend to be overlooked. A feature that goes with these intensive applications of technology is the incorporation of ordinary food items like milk and oil as part of a centralized market economy with little possibility of control or influence by actual users."
So, in the absence of a basic income, the Green Revolution may create food insecurity where none existed before.
I could probably think of more issues if I tried. :-)
But overall, I believe in the power of technology to bring abundance. But it needs to be the appropriate technology, with some sort of social equity, and with continual montitoring and feedback about adverse impacts not a culture of denial and vested interests. Openness is part of getting the least pain from technology and the most benefit from it.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-30 15:37:38
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More on: Suggestions wanted for education to p2p 
Try these people for specifics; they have a digital library developed towards those ends:
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-31 14:07:30
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Lawmakers Caught Again By File-Sharing 
An anonymous reader writes "A document, apparently a 'confidential House ethics committee report,' was recently leaked through file-sharing software to the Washington Post. According to the article, 'The committee's review of investigations became available on file-sharing networks because of a junior staff member's use of the software while working from home.' Of course, P2P software is entirely at fault for this incident. If you begin seeing more interest in DRM from Congress, you now know why."
Reader GranTuring points out that the RIAA took the opportunity to make a ridiculous statement of their own. They said, "the disclosure was evidence of a need for controls on peer-to-peer software to block the improper or illegal exchange of music."
Dozens in Congress under ethics inquiry
AN ACCIDENTAL DISCLOSURE
Document was found on file-sharing network
House ethics investigators have been scrutinizing the activities of more than 30 lawmakers and several aides in inquiries about issues including defense lobbying and corporate influence peddling, according to a confidential House ethics committee report prepared in July.
The report appears to have been inadvertently placed on a publicly accessible computer network, and it was provided to The Washington Post by a source not connected to the congressional investigations. The committee said Thursday night that the document was released by a low-level staffer.
The ethics committee is one of the most secretive panels in Congress, and its members and staff members sign oaths not to disclose any activities related to its past or present investigations. Watchdog groups have accused the committee of not actively pursuing inquiries; the newly disclosed document indicates the panel is conducting far more investigations than it had revealed.
Shortly after 6 p.m. Thursday, the committee chairman, Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.), interrupted a series of House votes to alert lawmakers about the breach. She cautioned that some of the panel's activities are preliminary and not a conclusive sign of inappropriate behavior.
"No inference should be made as to any member," she said.
The Washington Post just published a great scoop, getting its hands on a confidential internal memo compiled by the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct (aka the Ethics Committee) that summarizes ongoing investigations into possible wrongdoing by 30 members and several staffers. And how did such a highly sensitive document become public? According to a statement released by the committee's chairwoman and ranking member:
     "Neither the Standards Committee's nor the House's information systems have been breached in any way. Our initial review suggests that this unlawful access to confidential information involved the use of peer-to-peer file sharing software on the personal computer of a junior staffer, who is no longer employed by the Committee, while working from home."
   You heard that right: a staffer on the Ethics Committee was using "peer-to-peer file sharing software" at home. Of course, I'm sure this highly ethical staffer was simply "sharing" the King James Bible, the works of Shakespeare, and The Odyssey...
Note the disparagement of p2p there on all sides. :-( Email is peer-to-peer.
  The Recording Industry Association of America said the disclosure was evidence of a need for controls on peer-to-peer software to block the improper or illegal exchange of music. Some lawmakers have tried for years to bring this about.
Mitch Bainwol, the group's chairman and chief executive officer, said, "It's now happening (in) Congress' backyard, and that should be a powerful catalyst to enact real reforms to protect consumers."
Note how RIAA, whose current business model has been to sue consumers, is saying they are all about "protecting" consumers.
To see who else they are "protecting", see: :-)
   "Courtney Love does the math"
   "The controversial singer takes on record label profits, Napster and "sucka VCs." ... Today I want to talk about piracy and music. What is piracy? Piracy is the act of stealing an artist's work without any intention of paying for it. I'm not talking about Napster-type software. I'm talking about major label recording contracts. ..."
(I think someone else wrote something like that first about the music industry, the Love borrowed much of it from.)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-31 14:18:39
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Journalists Looking For Government Money 
============================== START ==============================
"We've been following the ongoing struggles of the print media, watching as some publications have died off and others have held to outdated principles and decried the influence of the internet. A side effect of this has been many journalists put out of work and many others fearful that informed reporting is on its way out as well. Now, an editorial in the Washington Post calls for a solution journalists would likely have scoffed at only a few years ago: federal subsidies. Robert W. McChesney and John Nichols write, "What to do? Bailing out media conglomerates would be morally and politically absurd. These firms have run journalism into the ground. If they cannot make it, let them go. Wait for 'pay-wall' technologies, billionaire philanthropists or unimagined business models to generate enough news to meet the immense demands of a self-governing society? There is no evidence that such a panacea is on the horizon. This leaves one place to look for a solution: the government." They hasten to add, "Did we just call for state-run media? Quite the opposite.""
"Yes, journalists deserve subsidies too"
"For the first time in American history, we are nearing a point where we will no longer have more than minimal resources (relative to the nation's size) dedicated to reporting the news. The prospect that this "information age" could be characterized by unchecked spin and propaganda, where the best-financed voice almost always wins, and cynicism, ignorance and demoralization reach pandemic levels, is real. So, too, is the threat to the American experiment."
It seems to me like the describe the status quo in mainstream media? :-)
See also: "What Makes Mainstream Media Mainstream"
More from the Washington post article:
Did we just call for state-run media?
   Quite the opposite. We seek to renew a rich if largely forgotten legacy of the American free-press tradition, one that speaks directly to today's crisis. The First Amendment necessarily prohibits state censorship, but it does not prevent citizens from using their government to subsidize and spawn independent media.
   Indeed, the post-colonial press system was built on massive postal and printing subsidies. The first generations of Americans never imagined that the market would provide sound or sufficient journalism. The notion was unthinkable. They established enlightened subsidies, which broadened the marketplace of ideas and enhanced and protected core freedoms. Their initiatives were essential to America's progress.
   The value of federal journalism subsidies as a percentage of gross domestic product in the first half of the 19th century ran, by our calculations, to about $30 billion per year in current dollars. It is this sort of commitment, established by Jefferson and Madison, that we must imagine to address the current crisis.
   That level of subsidy to journalism is found in Scandinavian nations, which are among the freest and most democratic in the world.
   Saving newspapers may be impossible. But we can save journalism. Step one is to begin debating ways for enlightened public subsidies to provide a competitive and independent digital news media. Also, we should greatly expand funding for public and community media, and establish policies that help convert dying daily newspapers into post-corporate low-profit news operations that realize the potential of the Internet. If we do so, journalism and democracy will not just survive. They will flourish.
There you have it. The newspapers are suggesting that Michel be given US$30 billion a year to hand out to p2p news production services. :-)
Michel, I hereby nominate "Indymedia" to receive a billion dollars a year, at least. :-)
   And maybe someone should say something to the police to stop seizing their    "Police Seize UK Indymedia Server (Again)"
   Dr. Lee Salter, a senior lecturer in journalism at the University of the West of England, told Indymedia "Journalistic material is protected by law, and the police should not gather more information than is relevant for their investigation - by seizing this server they are not only getting information on Indymedia but also on wholly unrelated groups. The police should know that Indymedia does not hold personal information on its participants, so it is a concern is that the police are collecting random information on --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-01 09:57:52
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Coming Media Bailout by Justin Raimondo -- 
As the FTC Web site puts it:
"The workshops will consider a wide range of issues, including: the economics of journalism and how those economics are playing out on the Internet and in print ? online news aggregators, and bloggers; and the variety of governmental policies ? including antitrust, copyright, and tax policy ? that have been raised as possible means of finding new ways for journalism to thrive."
   So what this means is that the Old Journalism is going to deploy an agency of the federal government to regulate the industry in order to save these tired old dinosaurs who don?t deserve to survive in the first place. They?ll use every weapon in the government?s arsenal to do it: antitrust laws (watch out, Craigslist!), copyright laws (forget about linking to an Associated Press story: that?s copyright infringement!), and "tax policy" ? if we can?t get them by hook or by crook, we?ll just tax the New Media to death. That?ll teach them to respect their elders!
   Note, also, that the professor is very specific in his concerns: it?s "the crisis in mainstream journalism" he?s oh-so-worried about and that the government is going to find a solution to ? as opposed to, you know, the other kind of journalism, which is all icky, not to mention downright   So what is it about "mainstream journalism," anyway, that led to this supposed "crisis," which government facilitators ? such as a man married to a Washington Post columnist ? are going to lead us out of?
   Well, I?m just guessing, but maybe "consumers" ? i.e., readers ? weren?t at all happy with the level and nature of the coverage provided by the Old Journalism. Maybe they began to distrust and finally abandon completely all those "news" organizations that reported with a straight face the Bush administration?s claims that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. Maybe the social and political collusion that goes on in Washington between government officials and "journalists" led them to distrust the latter as much as they disdain the former. It hardly matters that these consumers don?t need or want "protection" from bloggers and non-"mainstream" news sources ? but you can bet your bottom dollar they?re going to get it anyway. After all, the Nanny State knows best: we?re from the government, and we?re here to help?
Note again: I think we need a balance of meshworks and hierarchies (following Manuel de Landa) so I take some issue with the last line, but clearly the current system is unbalanced in many way, and the regulatory processes have been captured by those they are supposed to regulate. Ultimately, you want the government to defend some basic rights, and government, in response to the will of the people, can in theory be powerful enough to resist large commercial interests.
Another related item about defining rights and who has them:
The attorneys for Fox, owned by media baron Rupert Murdoch, successfully argued the First Amendment gives broadcasters the right to lie or deliberately distort news reports on the public airwaves. We are pushing for a consumer protection solution that labels news content according to its adherence to ethical journalism standards that have been codified by the Society of Professional Journalists (Ethics: spj.org).
A News Quality Rating System and Content Labeling approach, follows a tradition of consumer protection product labeling, that is very familiar to Americans. The ratings are anti-censorship and can benefit consumers. ... On February 14, a Florida Appeals court ruled there is absolutely nothing illegal about lying, concealing or distorting information by a major press organization. The court reversed the $425,000 jury verdict in favor of journalist Jane Akre who charged she was pressured by Fox Television management and lawyers to air what she knew and documented to be false information. The ruling basically declares it is technically not against any law, rule, or regulation to deliberately lie or distort the news on a television broadcast.  On August 18, 2000, a six-person jury was unanimous in its conclusion that Akre was indeed fired for threatening to report the station's pressure to broadcast what jurors decided was "a false, distorted, or slanted" story about the widespread use of growth hormone in dairy cows.
So, anyway, apparently after a major news organization won a court case based on defending lying for profit, even on the public airwaves which were supposed to be used in trust for the public benefit, now academia is being called in to use its "assignable curiosity"
   to provide the justifications for disabling the peer media system, or at the very least, making the playing field even more uneven then it has been already, to prop up the old centralized media systems, even as they fail. Still, no doubt, if that approach fails, ways will be thought about to subvert peer media in other ways:
   Free speech, use it or lose it:
         Or, we can create even better peer media tools than the above... As many people are busy doing...
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-01 11:05:25
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Nuclear decline set to continue, says report, 
Part of the issue with any media report is that there is a belief (often true) that positive publicity about momentum will generate momentum. So, people hire PR groups for "astroturf" "grass roots" campaigns to show momentum. The same has been happening in the US health care debate. So, it makes it hard to believe media reports about "momentum" in the absence of any sort of numbers about growth.
With that said, on nuclear, nuclear batteries (both small and large) seem to be enjoying some interest.
   These things are sometime found in space probes, but are also in use by the military in situations where they want to place an unobtrusive device that will sit unattended doing something for decades.
I remember thinking how absurd the idea of a nuclear battery that, say, would power a home washing machine sounded to me when I read about it in Isaac Asimov's "Foundation" series. When the batter wore out, you would get a new washing machine -- that was how an advanced priesthood maintained control of a large population in one society in that book.
One example from today about how prescient Isaac Asimov was:
"Personal Nuclear Power: New Battery Lasts 12 Years"
A new type of battery based on the radioactive decay of nuclear material is 10 times more powerful than similar prototypes and should last a decade or more without a charge, scientists announced this week.
   The longevity would make the battery ideal for use in pacemakers or other surgically implanted devices, developers say, or it might power spacecraft or deep-sea probes.
   You might also find these nuclear batteries running sensors and other small devices in your home in a few years. Such devices "don't consume much power," said University of Rochester electrical engineer Philippe Fauchet, "and yet having to replace the battery every so often is a real pain in the    Fauchet told LiveScience the batteries could last a dozen years. They're being refined at Rochester. The technology was developed with the help financial support from the National Science Foundation and has been patented by BetaBatt Inc.
   The technology is called betavoltaics. It uses a silicon wafer to capture electrons emitted by a radioactive gas, such as tritium. It is similar to the mechanics of converting sunlight into electricity in a solar panel.
That company:
  "The company's first commercial product, a quarter size battery with a 12-20 year lifespan and mission critical reliability, has performance characteristics that address current problems faced by medical implant, oil and gas, and remote sensing industries, as well as military and space I don't know how well they work or what they cost.
For better or worse, nuclear materials are already widespread in smoke detectors. They are extensively used in medical imaging. So, there already is something of an infrastructure for producing and dealing with low-level radioactive items. In our society, we are already surrounded by nuclear materials use -- we just tend not to notice it or think about it. And when there are problems with that infrastructure, it is considered a crisis:
   "Isotope shortage means a healthcare crisis"
"The abrupt shutdown of two aging nuclear reactors that produce a radioisotope widely used in medical imaging has forced physicians in the U.S. and abroad into a crisis, requiring them to postpone or cancel necessary scans for heart disease and cancer, or turn to alternative tests that are not as accurate, take longer and expose patients to higher doses of Here is one town sized version of a nuclear battery, but there are others:
"According to the company, they will produce 25MW of power when their heat is converted to electricity using a turbine, or 70MW if direct thermal energy is used. ... The company already has $2bn in orders for the products, she said, and is now chasing about $20m in Series B funding."
The company:
"Conventional reactors cost billions of dollars to build and are designed to serve large regions. The hyperion reactor is designed for applications in remote areas where cost, safety and security is of concern."
I don't know if they actually work though. But, contrast that -- two billion dollars in orders (claimed), versus the comments in that report about a widening gap about perceptions of a nuclear renaissance.
So, even within the nuclear industry there is fragmentation and infighting. Groups that support large nuclear power plants are probably loathe to admit all the innovation going on in relation to personal, home, and town-sized nuclear power generation. (I saw one proposal for disposing of nuclear waste by giving it to people in an encapsulated form to use to heat their homes. :-)
Of course, I'm more pro-solar myself. :-) I am pro-solar over nuclear in part because solar is an easier technology right now for individuals to produce and use safely, and solar is less subject to various forms of abuse and coverup and socializing risk than nuclear (Silkwood, TMI, dirty bombs, etc.). More that solar, nuclear industries lend themselves to privatizing profits and socializing costs (you can't see radiation pollution either), so, unless we have a very functional society, nuclear technologies will tend more towards corruption than solar at the point-of-use (there may be coverups in solar production, of course same as in the semiconductor industry in general, mainly with employees harmed). So, I feel that handling nuclear materials requires a higher level of trust than our society currently has proven itself worthy of day-to-day. Solar technologies require less trust by citizens of government -- even if solar require more trust by government of citizens (who are literally "empowered"), which is one reason why government resists small-scale solar. :-)
But, the same sort of trends that are driving improvements in solar (better design tools using computers, better understandings of materials, better simulations, people looking for alternatives) are also at play in the nuclear industry. And, as in the power industry in general, the big players are likely either in denial about the smaller alternatives or are actively spinning stories against small scale systems which otherwise are more amenable to private or local use and which can be built for less money and thus produce less centralization of political power. So, one might see this report as another attack against peer-level nuclear technologies, through a sin of omission.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-02 10:45:38
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Solar energy plant in space...Japan takes a shot 
The beginning of a thread with lots of reason I wrote on why space based solar power is a bad idea:
There are many reasons, but the most crucial is perhaps: "In general, like conventional nuclear power, solar space satellites assume a concentration of capital and decision making and political control, which is opposite of the way our society needs to move for energy security IMHO..."
Also related (I was a volunteer/contributor part of the Space Studies Institute (SSI) for a time starting in the 1980s):
IMHO, we might see space-based power on Earth in the long term future -- but
only after we otherwise have a space infrastructure, which is not why most
people push it now. What I saw from years of participating in SSI activities
is that, deep down, most SSI people saw Solar Power Satellites as a way to
fund space habitats (as many cared mostly about the space habitations). I'm
not saying they did not care at all about Earth's environmental issues, but
they often came second. I see solar space satellites as a distraction from
other approaches to promoting space habitation more directly, given that I
feel we have a very real opportunity using the internet to just design and
build space habitations ourselves (perhaps involving one billionaire footing
the bill for one self-replicating seed we collectively design).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-03 22:03:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Solar instead of feeder corn & Lester Brown's Plan B 
"The Truth About Land Use in the United States"
"Developed and rural residential make up 139 million acres, or 6.1 percent of total land area in the U.S. This amount of land is not insignificant until you consider that we planted more than 80 million acres of feeder corn and another 75 million acres of soybeans (95 percent of which are consumed by livestock, not tofu eaters) last year alone. These two crops affect more of the land area of the U.S. than all the urbanization, rural residential, highways, railroads, commercial centers, malls, industrial parks and golf courses combined."
Note this is:
"80 million acres = 323 748.514 square kilometers"
A square kilometer is a million square meters.
In round numbers, this is about 300,000,000,000 (300 billion) square meters devoted just to feeder corn for livestock in the USA (and about a similar amount to soybeans) .
If the USA was to cut its meat consumption in half, this would mean freeing up about the amount in feeder corn, so about 300 billion square meters.
At 10% conversion efficiency to solar electric power, that is 100 watts per square meter, or 30,000 gigawatts, or 30 terawatts.
The USA uses about 3 terawatts of power.
   Granted, with day/night cyles and bad weather, it takes six times as much solar capacity for 24X7 energy production. Round that to a factor of ten for other infrastructure (although remember that production panels are around 15% conversion now, and likely soon 20%).
In any case, that 30 terawatts peak solar then becomes 3 terawatts sustained.
So, we currently have about as much land in use in feeder corn for meat production as it would take to produce *all* the power the USA needs for all purposes from solar electricity.
So, the question is, how can one get corn farmers to decide to produce electricity rather than feed corn for livestock? :-)
Well, one way is just taxes on fossil fuel use, so renewable power is on a level playing field with fossil fuels:
   "A Massive Market Failure"
   "One of the best examples of this massive market failure can be seen in the United States, where the gasoline pump price in mid-2007 was $3 per gallon. But this price reflects only the cost of discovering the oil, pumping it to the surface, refining it into gasoline, and delivering the gas to service stations. It overlooks the costs of climate change as well as the costs of tax subsidies to the oil industry (such as the oil depletion allowance), the burgeoning military costs of protecting access to oil in the politically unstable Middle East, and the health care costs for treating respiratory illnesses from breathing polluted air. 16 Based on a study by the International Center for Technology Assessment, these costs now total nearly $12 per gallon ($3.17 per liter) of gasoline burned in the United States. If these were added to the $3 cost of the gasoline itself, motorists would pay $15 a gallon for gas at the pump. In reality, burning gasoline is very costly, but the market tells us it is cheap, thus grossly distorting the structure of the economy. The challenge facing governments is to restructure tax systems by systematically incorporating indirect costs as a tax to make sure the price of products reflects their full costs to society and by offsetting this with a reduction in income taxes."
Although where they suggest lowering income taxes, I suggest the money go back to everyone as a basic income. :-)
Now, if they wanted, the farmers could put up windmills instead, and still grow the corn. :-) So, it turns out, it is happening anyway, even without reducing feed corn production much:
   "Harnessing the Wind"
   "In 1991 the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) released a national wind resource inventory, noting that three wind-rich states? North Dakota, Kansas, and Texas?had enough harnessable wind energy to satisfy national electricity needs. Advances in wind turbine design since then allow turbines to operate at lower wind speeds and to convert wind into electricity more efficiently. And because they are now 100 meters tall, instead of less than 40 meters, they harvest a far larger, stronger, and more reliable wind regime, generating 20 times as much electricity as the turbines installed in the early 1980s when modern wind power development began. With these new turbine technologies, the three states singled out by DOE could satisfy not only national electricity needs but national energy needs. ... From 2000 to 2007, world wind generating capacity increased from 18,000 megawatts to an estimated 92,000 megawatts. In early 2008 it will pass the 100,000-megawatt milestone. Since 2000, capacity has been growing at 25 percent annually, doubling every three years. ...  One of the early concerns with wind energy was the risk it posed to birds, but this can be overcome by conducting studies and careful siting to avoid risky areas for birds. The most recent research indicates that bird fatalities from wind farms are minuscule compared with deaths from flying into skyscrapers, colliding with cars, or being captured by cats. [Or being killed by pollution from coal burning and coal mining.] 12 Other critics are concerned about the visual effect. When some people see a wind farm they see a blight on the landscape. Others see a civilization-saving source of energy. Although there are NIMBY problems (?not in my backyard?), the PIMBY response (?put it in my backyard?) is much more pervasive. Within U.S. communities, for instance, among ranchers in Colorado or dairy farmers in upstate New York, the competition for wind farms is intense. This is not surprising, since a large, advanced design wind turbine can generate $300,000 worth of electricity in a year. Farmers, with no investment on their part, typically receive $3,000?10,000 a year in royalties for each wind turbine erected on their land. One of wind?s attractions is that it requires so little land compared with other sources of renewable energy. For example, a corn farmer in northern Iowa can put a wind turbine on a quarter-acre of land that can produce $300,000 worth of electricity per year. This same quarter-acre would produce 40 bushels of corn that in turn could produce 120 gallons of ethanol worth $300. Since the turbines occupy less than 1 percent of the land in a wind farm, this technology lets farmers harvest both energy and crops from the same land. Thousands of ranchers in the wind-rich Great Plains will soon be earning more from wind royalties than from cattle sales."
That doubling in capacity every two to three years is similar to the rate for solar electric plants which are also increasing exponentially. By about 2030 or so, at that doubling rate, all our power will come from renewables.
I don't agree with everything in Lester Brown's "Plan B" at those links (the tone, more than anything, but also the population control message), but it still has a lot of good ideas.
   But we both agree that the central challenge is social.
   Mobilizing to save civilization means restructuring the economy, restoring its natural support systems, eradicating poverty, stabilizing population and climate, and, above all, restoring hope. We have the technologies, economic instruments, and financial resources to do this. The United States, the wealthiest society that has ever existed, has the resources to lead this effort. Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University?s Earth Institute sums it up well: ?The tragic irony of this moment is that the rich countries are so rich and the poor so poor that a few added tenths of one percent of GNP from the rich ones ramped up over the coming decades could do what was never before possible in human history: ensure that the basic needs of health and education are met for all impoverished children in this world. How many more tragedies will we suffer in this country before we wake up to our capacity to help make the world a safer and more prosperous place not only through military might, but through the gift of life itself??
Combining social goals and earth restoration components into a Plan B budget yields an additional annual expenditure of $190 billion, roughly one third of the current U.S. military budget or one sixth of the global military budget. (See Table 13?3.) In a sense this is the new defense budget, the one that addresses the most serious threats to our security. 50 Unfortunately, the United States continues to focus on building an ever-stronger military, largely ignoring the threats posed by continuing environmental deterioration, poverty, and population growth. Its defense budget for 2006, including $118 billion for the military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, brought the U.S. military expenditure to $560 billion. Other North Atlantic Treaty Organization members spend a combined $328 billion a year on the military. Russia spends about $35 billion, and China, $50 billion. U.S. military spending is now roughly equal to that of all other countries combined.
   As of late 2007, direct U.S. appropriations for the Iraq war, which has lasted longer than World War II, total some $450 billion. Economists Joseph Stiglitz and Linda Bilmes calculate that if all the costs are included, such as the lifetime of care required for returning troops who are brain-injured or psychologically shattered, the war will cost in the end some $2 trillion. Yet the Iraq war may prove to be one of history?s most costly mistakes not so much because of fiscal outlay but because it has diverted the world?s attention from climate change and the other threats to civilization itself. 52
   It is decision time. Like earlier civilizations that got into environmental trouble, we can decide to stay with business as usual and watch our modern economy decline and eventually collapse, or we can consciously move onto a new path, one that will sustain economic progress. In this situation, no action is a de facto decision to stay on the decline-and-collapse path.
   No one can argue today that we do not have the resources to eradicate poverty, stabilize population, and protect the earth?s natural resource base. We can get rid of hunger, illiteracy, disease, and poverty, and we can restore the earth?s soils, forests, and fisheries. Shifting one sixth of the world military budget to the Plan B budget would be more than adequate to move the world onto a path that would sustain progress. We can build a global community where the basic needs of all the earth?s people are satisfied?a world that will allow us to think of ourselves as civilized.
Although, really, it does not seem like it will cost even that much. From:
   With sales of solar cells now doubling every two years and likely to continue doing so at least until 2020, the estimated sales for 2008 of over 5,000 megawatts will climb to 320,000 megawatts in 2020. By this time the cumulative installed capacity would exceed 1 million megawatts (1,000 gigawatts). Although this projection may seem ambitious, it may in fact turn out to be conservative. For one thing, if most of the nearly 1.6 billion people who lack electricity today get it by 2020, it will likely be because they have installed solar home systems. 53
   When a villager buys a solar cell system, that person is in effect buying a 25-year supply of electricity. Since there is no fuel cost and very little maintenance, it is the upfront outlay that counts, and that typically requires financing. Recognizing this, the World Bank and the U.N. Environment Programme have stepped in with programs to help local lenders set up credit systems to finance this cheap source of electricity. An initial World Bank loan has helped 50,000 home owners in Bangladesh obtain solar cell systems. A second, much larger round of funding will enable 200,000 more families to do the same.
So, solar adoption by the industrially-developing world might even drive cheaper costs in heavily industrialized countries. :-)
Ultimately, I feel most people will begin to see that the current fossil fuel heavy system is unaesthetic, and it will be replaced in industrialized nations for the same reason people buy fancy sneakers. :-)
Or, as Lester Brown suggests:
   In a report compiled in early 2007, the U.S. Department of Energy listed 151 coal-fired power plants in the planning stages and talked about a resurgence in coal-fired electricity. But during 2007, 59 proposed U.S. coal-fired power plants were either refused licenses by state governments or quietly abandoned. In addition to the 59 plants that were dropped, close to 50 more coal plants are being contested in the courts, and the remaining plants will likely be challenged as they reach the permitting stage. What began as a few local ripples of resistance to coal-fired power is quickly evolving into a national tidal wave of grassroots opposition from environmental, health, farm, and community organizations and a fast-growing number of state governments. The public at large is turning against coal. In a September 2007 national poll by the Opinion Research Corporation about which electricity source people would prefer, only 3 percent chose coal. ...
   In August 2007, coal took a heavy political hit when U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada, who had been opposing three coal-fired power plants in his own state, announced that he was now against building coal-fired power plants anywhere in the world. Investment banks and political leaders are beginning to see what has been obvious for some time to climate scientists, such as NASA?s James Hansen who says that it makes no sense to build coal-fired power plants when we will have to bulldoze them in a few years.
   In early November 2007, Representative Henry Waxman of California announced his intention to ?introduce legislation that establishes a moratorium on the approval of new coal-fired power plants under the Clean Air Act until EPA finalizes regulations to address the greenhouse gas emissions from these sources.? If a national moratorium is passed by Congress, it will mark the beginning of the end for coal-fired power in the United States.
   We may be on the verge of a monumental victory in the worldwide effort to stabilize climate. In our new book, Plan B 3.0: Mobilizing to Save Civilization, I propose cutting carbon emissions 80 percent by 2020. The first step is to stop building any new coal-fired power plants. If the United States imposes a moratorium on such construction, as Denmark and New Zealand have already done, it would send a powerful signal to the rest of the world, bolstering the effort to cut carbon emissions. The next steps are to quickly exploit the vast worldwide potential to raise energy efficiency and to massively develop renewable sources of energy, such as wind, solar, and geothermal, in order to phase out existing coal-fired power plants.
So, maybe even socially we are in good shape in some ways. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-05 13:02:16
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Brain Makes Splash With Structural Unemployment 
"IEET Fellow Marshall Brain spoke on his projections of widespread structural unemployment as a result of automation, and the need for a basic income guarantee, at the Singularity Summit in San Jose."
Mentioned here:
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-05 13:20:38
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Facing the Economic Crisis | Stanley Aronowitz 
Since the 1950s, Organized Labor has hitched its fate to capital. During the Cold War it shed all of its socialist ideas and a good number of its militant socialist and communist activists as well. In fact, union leaders have come to believe that capitalism is in their and their members? best interests and that full-blown systemic opposition is tantamount to political and economic suicide. This attitude was already encouraged during the heyday of the New Deal, but reached its apogee during the Cold War ? when the permanent war economy and US global economic power enabled key sections of the American working class to achieve an unprecedented degree of job and income security. Of course, a major element in the new perception that workers were an integral part the corporate capitalist order was the initiation by the state and its financial partners of an extensive credit system that permitted working-class people to borrow money with which to own their homes, send children to college, go on vacations, and regularly update their cars. After the defeat of Congressional legislation that would have established a National Health Service and the stagnation of the social security (pension) system, unions in key industries (such as steel, auto, coal, electrical, communications, oil and transportation) negotiated a ?private? welfare state with their employers, thereby taking the air out of efforts to enact a publicly-financed universal health care program and extend the welfare state. The bare truth is that since the passage of the Wage-Hour law of 1938, the only major extension of the welfare state was Medicare, passed in 1966. While the unions can take considerable credit for its passage, they were moved only to apply the necessary pressure after they found that ?their? corporations refused to insure retirees.
Key point: "a private welfare state".
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-05 15:27:06
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Economic System Type tied Scientifically to 
From there:
In the current recession, property crime is already on the increase and he predicts there will be a rise in career criminality, particularly as the UK has the highest number of young people not in work, education or training in    Hall lays most of the responsibility for higher crime rates at the door of the neo-liberals who claim competitive individualism and greed can be stimulated and harnessed to create wealth. That might be true, he argues, but it also corrodes our ability to empathise with others.
   Hall said: ?Britain and the US have the worst violent crime rates of the industrialised west ? far worse than Western continental Europe ? because we have the most competitive, individualist culture and the least developed sense of solidarity and common fate. In addition, consumer culture instils in so many individuals from an early age that their identities are incomplete without the status symbols carried by consumer goods, which of course makes crimes an attractive option for those who simply cannot afford to buy these goods.??
Related; a book first published in 1986:
   "No Contest: The Case Against Competition" by Alfie Kohn
   "Contending that competition in all areas -- school, family, sports and business -- is destructive, and that success so achieved is at the expense of another's failure, Kohn, a correspondent for USA Today, advocates a restructuring of our institutions to replace competition with cooperation. He persuasively demonstrates how the ingrained American myth that competition is the only normal and desirable way of life -- from Little Leagues to the presidency -- is counterproductive, personally and for the national economy, and how psychologically it poisons relationships, fosters anxiety and takes the fun out of work and play. He charges that competition is a learned phenomenon and denies that it builds character and self-esteem. Kohn's measures to encourage cooperation in lieu of competition include promoting noncompetitive games, eliminating scholastic grades and substitution of mutual security for national security."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-05 17:26:35
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Did Economists Get It So Wrong? - NYTimes.com 
An excerpt from:
Few economists saw our current crisis coming, but this predictive failure
was the least of the field?s problems. More important was the profession?s
blindness to the very possibility of catastrophic failures in a market
economy. During the golden years, financial economists came to believe that
markets were inherently stable ? indeed, that stocks and other assets were
always priced just right. There was nothing in the prevailing models
suggesting the possibility of the kind of collapse that happened last year.
Meanwhile, macroeconomists were divided in their views. But the main
division was between those who insisted that free-market economies never go
astray and those who believed that economies may stray now and then but that
any major deviations from the path of prosperity could and would be
corrected by the all-powerful Fed. Neither side was prepared to cope with an
economy that went off the rails despite the Fed?s best efforts.
   And in the wake of the crisis, the fault lines in the economics
profession have yawned wider than ever. Lucas says the Obama
administration?s stimulus plans are ?schlock economics,? and his Chicago
colleague John Cochrane says they?re based on discredited ?fairy tales.? In
response, Brad DeLong of the University of California, Berkeley, writes of
the ?intellectual collapse? of the Chicago School, and I myself have written
that comments from Chicago economists are the product of a Dark Age of
macroeconomics in which hard-won knowledge has been forgotten.
   What happened to the economics profession? And where does it go from here?
   As I see it, the economics profession went astray because economists, as
a group, mistook beauty, clad in impressive-looking mathematics, for truth.
Until the Great Depression, most economists clung to a vision of capitalism
as a perfect or nearly perfect system. That vision wasn?t sustainable in the
face of mass unemployment, but as memories of the Depression faded,
economists fell back in love with the old, idealized vision of an economy in
which rational individuals interact in perfect markets, this time gussied up
with fancy equations. The renewed romance with the idealized market was, to
be sure, partly a response to shifting political winds, partly a response to
financial incentives. But while sabbaticals at the Hoover Institution and
job opportunities on Wall Street are nothing to sneeze at, the central cause
of the profession?s failure was the desire for an all-encompassing,
intellectually elegant approach that also gave economists a chance to show
off their mathematical prowess.
   Unfortunately, this romanticized and sanitized vision of the economy led
most economists to ignore all the things that can go wrong. They turned a
blind eye to the limitations of human rationality that often lead to bubbles
and busts; to the problems of institutions that run amok; to the
imperfections of markets ? especially financial markets ? that can cause the
economy?s operating system to undergo sudden, unpredictable crashes; and to
the dangers created when regulators don?t believe in regulation.
   It?s much harder to say where the economics profession goes from here.
But what?s almost certain is that economists will have to learn to live with
messiness. That is, they will have to acknowledge the importance of
irrational and often unpredictable behavior, face up to the often
idiosyncratic imperfections of markets and accept that an elegant economic
?theory of everything? is a long way off. In practical terms, this will
translate into more cautious policy advice ? and a reduced willingness to
dismantle economic safeguards in the faith that markets will solve all problems.
Example "free market" problems, just to put them in one place from stuff
I've said before:
* negative externalities like pollution or defense costs are not priced in
to products like oil (profits are privatized while costs are socialized).
* positive externalities like the value of healthy happy people living in
good communities is not subsidized in products like health care;
* systemic risk like nuclear war or economic collapse are not controlled for;
* free things are not sufficiently valued or subsidized, and those
contributing to a free commons are not supported and may even be actively
thwarted (like by extended copyrights or software patents or other chilling
* social institutions like compulsory schooling to prepare people for jobs
are designed to benefit employers, not the citizens (John Taylor Gatto);
* money tends to concentrate in fewer hands in a free market, which leads to
social and economic dysfunctions (even to the point of people starving
amidst plenty or no one having money to start new small businesses -- since
it generally takes money to make money, and money provides access to better
information and personal health and education and social networking);
* there is an incentive to corporatize various commons (land, ideas, water)
for profit-making, removing people's ability to take care of themselves;
* since war production is a profitable racket (Butler), there are incentives
to encourage build ups to global wars;
* those with the most economic power will tend to set standards (like
computer software or hardware interfaces) to benefit themselves, not the
general populace, and even when they do this in a neutral way, they often
may make bad decisions everyone else has to live with (IBM PC ISA bus
example missing a few pennies worth of resistors that would make it
self-configuring like Mac's NuBus);
* the promulgation of competition as a virtue even though it has destructive
potential in all sorts of ways (Alfie Kohn);
* excessive focus on short-term planning and short-term profits;
* excessive secrecy in companies and also chilling effects of excessive
control of information (patents, copyrights);
* companies caught breaking the law get to participate in restorative
justice, where individuals breaking the law get punitive justice.
* the creation of large wealthy amoral immortal legal entities yet made of
human components deemed persons despite no family ties nor a grounding in
human community traditions, and then letting these set policy, either
directly or through the capture of government regulatory groups and the
political process by concentrated wealthy owners (plutocracy).
The solutions are as straightforward as they are hard to implement. They all
relate to giving everyone a basic human right to draw from the economic
commons as well as be reimbursed for risk or damages the marketplace causes
* a $200 per barrel-equivalent tax on fossil fuels (to make up for pollution
and security risks, and given back to the people directly as a basic income);
* a 94% progressive tax on income like after WWII;
* heavy regulation and fines for pollution;
* targeted social investments for positive externalities (including creation
of more free commonses like Wikipedia by peers);
* ending corporate personhood and cutting back on limited liability;
* a wealth tax on land, patents, copyright, and so on;
* a basic income (including universal health care) like Nixon almost passed;
* heavy R&D investment in renewable energy and advanced manufacturing like
3D printing;
* ensuring all charitably funded digital works are in the public domain; and
* the end of compulsory schooling designed for an 1850s economy (see John
Taylor Gatto).
And probably more stuff like that.
All could be done with a few strokes of the pen in Congress, and then our
society might heal itself in a few years. But, it may be a long time before
then, because they are pretty much all against "conventional wisdom" of
lowering taxes, increasing schooling, corporatizing the results of
state-funded research, and forcing people to work for ration units (see the
Triple Revolution memorandum of 1964).
So, we may just need to hit rock bottom first. :-(
 From the beginning of:
   "Mistakes Were Made (But Not by Me): Why We Justify Foolish Beliefs, Bad
Decisions, and Hurtful Acts"
   "We are all capable of believing things which we know to be untrue, and
then, when we are finally proved wrong, impudently twisting the facts so as
to show that we were right. Intellectually, is possible to carry this
process for an indefinite time: the only check on it is that sooner or later
a false belief bumps up against solid reality, usually on a battlefield.
(George Orwell)"
And also from the beginning of there:
A great nation is like a great man:
When he makes a mistake, he realizes it.
Having realized it, he admits it.
Having admitted it, he corrects it.
He considers those who point out his faults
as his most benevolent teachers.
He thinks of his enemy as the shadow that he himself casts.
That book is well worth reading to understand the *psychological* process of what happened with economists and cognitive dissonance leading them to systematically misunderstand reality.
How can economists improve? Here is a central issue I raised last year in my
   Here is a sample meta-theoretical framework PU economists no doubt could
vastly improve on if they turned their minds to it. Consider three levels of
nested perspectives on the same economic reality -- physical items, decision
makers, and emergent properties of decision maker interactions. (Three
levels of being or consciousness is a common theme in philosophical
writings, usually rock, plant, and animal, or plant, animal, and human.)
   At a first level of perspective, the world we live in at any point in
time can be considered to have physical content like land or tools or fusion
reactors like the sun, energy flows like photons from the sun or electrons
from lightning or in circuits, informational patterns like web page content
or distributed language knowledge, and active regulating processes
(including triggers, amplifiers, and feedback loops) built on the previous
three types of things (physicality, energy flow, and informational patterns)
embodied in living creatures, bi-metallic strip thermostats, or computer
programs running on computer hardware.
   One can think of a second perspective on the first comprehensive one by
picking out only the decision makers like bi-metallic strips in thermostats,
computer programs running on computers, and personalities embodied in people
and maybe someday robots or supercomputers, and looking at their
characteristics as individual decision makers.
   One can then think of a third level of perspective on the second where
decision makers may invent theories about how to control each other using
various approaches like internet communication standards, ration unit tokens
like fiat dollars, physical kanban tokens, narratives in emails, and so on.
What the most useful theories are for controlling groups of decision makers
is an interesting question, but I will not explore it in depth. But I will
pointing out that complex system dynamics at this third level of perspective
can emerge whether control involves fiat dollars, "kanban" tokens,
centralized or distributed optimization based on perceived or predicted
demand patterns, human-to-human discussions, something else entirely, or a
diverse collection of all these things. And I will also point out that one
should never confuse the reality of the physical system being controlled for
the control signals (money, spoken words, kanban cards, internet packet
contents, etc.) being passed around in the control system.
   The above is somewhat inspired by "cybernetics".
     So, I'd suggest, should the PU Economics Department faculty be kept on, the
department should be renamed the "Princeton University Cybernetics
Department" with there being an "historical economics" subsection all the
current economics faculty are assigned to, and one faculty member each from
the PU Department of Religion, the PU Department of History, and the PU
department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering be put in as an acting
team triumvirate leadership of the larger department. :-) As economics
faculty broaden their research, then they could move into other new
Cybernetics department sections. See also:
     "The Human Use Of Human Beings: Cybernetics And Society" by Norbert Wiener
   Note that "stability", a term Paul Krugman uses in his essay, is a central
idea to much of cybernetics. So, as economists adopted a more cybernetic
world view, they would think more on an issue like that.
But, as a video previously linked by Ryan shows, technology like advanced
robotics is rapidly making modern scarcity-based economic thinking obsolete:
"Dexterous robot hand and arm with better-than-human hand-eye coordination"
What Paul Krugman *misses* in his essay is how our social, economic,
educational, and political systems are completely out of sync with today's
technological possibilities (and needs) like from robotics, AI, 3D printing,
and advanced biotech.
We are left with these general trends amidst a likely jobless recovery:
* trying to make the market work with regulation, taxation, and a basic
income (and maybe even local currencies);
* people trying to get by with local subsistence (eventually aided by 3D
printers and solar panels);
* people giving to and drawing from a free commons (land, intellectual,
material, service) as a gift economy;
* more war/schooling/prisons to destroy abundance and create artificial
scarcity to make old market assumptions truer again.
Hopefully we won't get more war/schooling/prisons, but it is possible. From:
Jobs = (Demand + War + Schooling - Abundance)) / (Automation + Design)
Demand is limited (the best things in life are free or cheap).
War and compulsory schooling are evil.
Automation and Design are increasing.
Abundance is increasing faster than decay.
Given that, plot the curve of jobs. :-)
Anyway, I still want to recognize and applaud Paul Krugman for making a lot
of progress with his own twelve-step recovery process, though I'd suggest he
still has a bit further to go: :-)
   "Confessions of a Recovering Economist*"
   [My name in Paul. :-)] I am an economist.  It is seventeen days since I last
uttered the phrase "supply and demand."  But the demon still lurks untamed,
within me.  Economics is an addiction. Every other addiction has a Twelve
Step program, laced with tough love and blunt self-honesty. Why not a Twelve
Step program for economists? God knows, we have done enough damage with our
arrogant, drunken prescriptions. Here's how each and every economist can
face up to their inner demons, and make their own small contribution to
setting things right.
   Step 1: Admit you have a problem. Like they say at the AA meetings, this
is half the solution. Where economists are concerned, however, it's easier
said than done. Getting a substance abuser to face the facts of their
addition is nothing compared to convincing an economist that they're hooked
on elegant but useless mathematical models, and authoritative but
destructive policy advice. Where economists are concerned, we're talking
denial with a capital 'D.' ...
Step 11: Make amends to those countries and people. Every Twelve Step
program requires the recovering addict to humbly commit to fix up their own
mess. Economists are no different. This is the time for recovering
economists to step to the front of the room and make personal pledges to
undo the damage that has been wrought in the name of supply and demand.
Commit to studying what's wrong with markets, as opposed to how beautifully
perfect they are. Work to empower rank-and-file folk, instead of dominating
them with your apparent but phony expertise. Start to imagine economic ideas
that could change the world, rather than invoking economic mumbo-jumbo to
justify inequality and explain why it's inevitable. ...
Related to that last point:
   "The Mythology of Wealth"
   Justifications for elites and social hierarchy goes all the way back to the
pharaohs. For 6000 years, society has organized itself into social classes.
The people who do the work are always in the lower classes. The harder and
nastier the work, the lower down in the social order you sink. The people
who don?t do this work must justify their position. They do it by
establishing their ?worthiness?, and a variety of cultural devices have been
concocted over the millennia to accomplish this. The pharaohs, you may
recall, weren?t people at all. They were gods. Roman emperors likewise had
themselves deified, and before that Roman Senators justified their position
as ?patricians?. Basically, ?my great great granddaddy was a big shot,
therefore I should be too.? ...
   Old habits die hard. In fact, we still have a ?leisure class?. As
capitalism has grown so has the wealth and privilege of our leisure class.
The old mythologies ? gods, the ?great chain of being? etc. ? are no longer
available to justify the existence and perpetuation of our leisure class,
something our elites are definitely interested in perpetuating. What was
needed was a new ?rational? world-view that justified the existence of
privileged elites.
  That rationalization came in the form of a brand new science known as
economics, which included a brand new mythology.
   According to the new mythology, human beings are economic competitors.
The ?marketplace? is the new ?Valhalla?, where ?economic man? frolics. The
?market? we are told, contains its own ?rationality?. It rewards the
efficient. It rewards that list of virtues George Will cites, like ?thrift?,
?delayed gratification? and of course, ?hard work?. Free competition in the
market place ?rationally? selects the more ?worthy? competitor. Thus, the
wealthy are the superior competitors who have ?earned? their elite status.
If you haven?t succeeded it can only be because of your ?inferiority?.
   Before debunking this whole ideology, a few observations are in order.
First of all, notice that the hierarchical social order is back. It has a
new veneer of ?rationality?, but it is the same old ugly reality. Elites are
?better? than you. The non-elites who do the work have ?earned? their
position, and are proper objects of scorn. Thus, we have a handful of haves,
worthy of admiration and respect, and a large class of industrial serfs who
own nothing but their bellies. The theory has changed, but the reality is
just the same. Not surprisingly, cheap-labor believers in the ?rational?
hierarchy are hostile to democracy. In fact, they have decided that
democratic government is an enemy to ?market efficiency?. What Thomas
Jefferson won through debunking the old forms of social hierarchy, today?s
cheap-labor conservative is busy taking back through his new ?rational? form
of the same old shit. ...
But the only way people would stand for it is with schooling:
   The secret of American schooling is that it doesn?t teach the way children
learn and it isn?t supposed to. It took seven years of reading and
reflection to finally figure out that mass schooling of the young by force
was a creation of the four great coal powers of the nineteenth century.
Nearly one hundred years later, on April 11, 1933, Max Mason, president of
the Rockefeller Foundation, announced to insiders that a comprehensive
national program was underway to allow, in Mason?s words, ?the control of
human behavior.?
So, all these issues are intertwined -- economics, schooling, technological
infrastructure, and so on. And finally, as George Orwell suggests, we see
the false beliefs of economics meeting reality on the battlefield (in this
case, mainly in the economy, but aspects of failure in the real battlefield
too in Iraq and Afghanistan). Maybe the economic beliefs were good enough
for post-WWII for a time when the USA dominated a lot of the world and
before increasing automation and better design, but the beliefs grow more
and more out of touch with the reality on the ground for many people in the
USA day by day.
Though with that said, there are many positive trends, anyway. For example,
renewable energy like wind and solar is increasing exponentially. :-) But,
in that sense, our physical economy is prospering despite our intellectual
economy (which has heavily subsidized fossil fuels and nuclear and ignored
external costs like defense and health issues).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-06 07:46:03
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Solar crisis set to hit in 2010, 
A solar article a couple links from the one Ryan just posted:
"Solar crisis set to hit in 2010, 50% of manufacturers may not survive, says The Information Network"
Now, according to "cognitive dissonance" theory:
   "Mistakes Were Made (But Not by Me): Why We Justify Foolish Beliefs, Bad Decisions, and Hurtful Acts"
   if you see believe our society is doomed, you will see that headline as confirmation of your beliefs: "See, I told you so, this solar stuff would never work. Too expensive. Nobody wants it. Look, solar companies are dying on the vine. We *are* doomed."
Confirmatory statements the article:
The solar industry is at a critical stage and 50% of existing solar manufacturers may not survive 2010, according to The Information Network. "The market research firm recently noted massive inventory buildup and huge overcapacity were having a serious impact on the solar panel industry and manufacturers, and Dr. Robert Castellano, president of The Information Network has now pointed out that inventory is averaging 122 days in 2009 versus 71 days in 2008. Capacity utilization dropped to 27.9% in 2009 from 48.0% in 2008." ... Solar panel manufacturers that have reported loses just in the past few weeks include Energy Conversion Devices, JA Solar, LDK Solar, Q-Cells, ReneSola, Solar Power, and Yingli Green Energy Holding.
But, if you think we are heading for abundance, then, you see such a headline, consider the global recession and Spain's recent subsidy policy changes, and say: "See, I told you so, this solar stuff is taking off, and prices are dropping, and the weak players who are not so innovative and not keeping up with Nanosolar and First Solar and thin film solar technology are falling by the wayside, and we are seeing the knee of an exponential trend towards cheaper and cheaper solar, and are quickly moving past the tipping point where solar is cheaper than coal. We are *saved*." :-)
 From the article:
A key reason is increased supply from China, which added an additional 1GW of capacity. The price per watt has now dropped to US$1.80 for polysilicon-based products, which is lower than the US$1.85 level The Information Network previously thought the industry would see at the end of 2009. By way of comparison, the average selling price in the third quarter of 2008 was US$4.05 per watt. ... Average selling prices could drop below US$1 per watt in 2010 and US$0.50 in 2011. As many as 50% of the more than 200 solar manufacturers, mired in red ink with current selling prices above US$2.00 per watt, may not survive, The Information Network stated.
Whose right? :-) Well, as George Orwell said, (quoted in that book), mistaken beliefs often get resolved on the physical battlefield (or, I'd add, in the economic battlefield).
   "A Thin-Film Solar Panel Installation"
   Magco bought their solar from Uni-Solar, which produces triple-junction laminate panels. That means they laminate the photovoltaic chemicals onto a thin sheet of metal in three layers; each layer reacts to a different range of light. They also laminate a sealant on the panel to protect it from the elements. The benefit of this system is that it reacts better to low or indirect light. Think cloudy days and the hours around dusk and dawn, a. Uni-Solar?s panels operate around 12% efficiency, but they claim to out-perform other forms of PV solar in indirect light, which means they could produce more electricity in certain real-world conditions (cloudy days). The laminate production method also decreases cost because expensive silicon and mounting racks are not required. Thin-Film Solar Panel InstallationIn fact, these thin-film solar panels are glued straight onto the roof. (See picture.) ... What if you and your neighbors want to go solar but can?t afford it? Bulk your order and get it done at the same time. Combining your orders will reduce costs in man-hours and equipment (think crane rentals). Naturally you can also get a better deal on the panels themselves if you buy in larger quantity.
So, gloomy doomy news or sunny shiny news. Take your pick from the same article. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-06 12:12:10
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Dilbert comic about Google a a health plan & VA PTSD 
A comic:
   "Dilbert comic strip about Google a a health plan"
   Mentioned here:
"The New VA Health Plan Is Second Life"
"Remember when Catbert informed Dilbert that the new company health plan is Google? In another case of life imitating Dilbert, combat veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder are being provided with a US Army-sponsored virtual world in Second Life (slideshow) to help deal with their condition. Developed by USC's Institute for Creative Technologies, it is hoped that the veterans-only virtual world Coming Home and its planned activities will promote conversations that can help reduce PTSD. The Avatar will see you now, Sergeant."
Both the Dilbert cartoon about people Googling health information and the Second Life project by the US Army for PTSD are interesting from a peer-to-peer perspective. Both are cases where peers are helping peers, mediated by computers. In one case it is fictitious (but still true, as for example I used Google to look up treatments for a hangnail the other day),
   and in the other case it is directly state subsidized health care (but still --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-07 11:02:57
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What's different about this economic downturn? 
I actually agree with you about the human side of all this. :-) I've always
maintained that, like in hunter/gatherer days, activities like raising
children, comforting the dying, taking care of the infirm, helping
neighbors, singing, dancing, sharing knowledge with others, exploring new
ideas, learning, contemplating nature and the cosmos and the infinite, and
many various ways of having fun can easily consume most of a person's day.
And further, that such activities *should* consume most of the day. :-)
   The issue is exactly whether we should continue to talk about those sorts of
activities as "work" though. Or even as "consumption". :-) If you look at a
society like the Amish, much of which the USA pays for (entertainment, basic
education, basic medical treatment, even barn construction) they might
handle within their families and communities without money changing hands.
(There of course may be other things exchanged, whether respect or a sense
of obligation, but in a more personal peer-oriented way.)
As Ryan suggests, labor economies may have fundamental differences with material economies. But perhaps they have different social and ethical dimensions too.
To put in a few economic numbers, in the USA, agriculture has gone
from 90% of the paid labor force to only 2% over the last 200 years.
Manufacturing has gone from 30% to 12% over the last fifty years or so (with
increasing imports, granted, but that 12% still probably produces more than
that 30% did, given much productivity increase over that time by a factor of
three or four). So, where are all the jobs going to come from today if
agriculture has gone, and manufacturing is going? (And one difference is we
can see advanced robots in widescale use that for the first time are getting
*better* than humans at dexterous tasks, like they can operate on a heart
while it is still beating, either teleoperated or automatically.) Sure, we
need some millions of green energy jobs for the time being, but even then,
once everyone has windmills and solar panels, the things last for decades
with practically no maintenance, so there are not many long lasting jobs there.
So, what are people doing within the money economy? The bulk of the
remaining tasks are basically "service jobs". So, human activities I listed
above are, for the most part now becoming paid "services". So, the real
issue becomes, if agriculture and manufacturing are becoming to the point
where practically no one needs to do them, then why should most "service
jobs" be part of a market economy oriented around managing *material*
scarcity? Services in a healthy community are not usually scarce the way
manufactured goods used to be scarce. In the past, all these services,
including massage, were for the most part not done for money most of the
time. Sure there were wandering minstrels, traveling fortune tellers, and
the world's oldest profession, but often these were looked down on as
questionable paid "services" (all entertainment, really) and they were very
rarely career aspirations for most people. Most of these other services were
provided in a more peer-to-peer way, either as gifts or through some social
And today, the internet can provide more entertainment than most people need. In fact, preventing access to that entertainment is now considered another "service problem" to create jobs and eliminate job seekers:
"'Internet addict' killed at Chinese boot camp: 16-year old boy beaten to death by camp supervisors"
I'll admit that "healer" and "minister" were classic service professions
that many aspired to -- but sometimes those services protected themselves in
a guild-like way of keeping knowledge private, or other tricks of the trade.
And it was only in the last hundred years that your chances of living
generally went up when you saw a doctor, instead of down. :-( Handwashing
helped some with that:
   "The First Clinic had an average maternal mortality rate due to puerperal
fever of about 10% (actual rates fluctuated wildly). ... Semmelweis
described desperate women begging on their knees not to be admitted to the
First Clinic. Some women even preferred to give birth in the streets,
pretending to have given sudden birth en route to the hospital (a practice
known as street births), which meant they would still qualify for the child
care benefits without having been admitted to the clinic. ..."
I guess as I see it, the free market has through the past few thousand years
been *mostly* about goods, not services, in terms of overall volume (I
include the "service" of shopkeeping and trading as essentially about
goods). There have been non-good related service offerings (apprenticeships,
for one example), but they have been at the edges (and even then, in many
case often related directly with things like repairing objects or learning
how to produce them). And even many of the highest prestige service
professions like lawyer and minister were generally related to maintaining a
pyramidal social order. So, maybe what has been unsaid by many economists
(maybe some do?) is that the transition to a "service economy", or
essentially, corporatizing basic human interactions (activities in the past
performed by friends, family, and neighbors), is *unhealthy* socially? And
maybe it would be better organized informally somehow, rather than through
exchanging ration units (dollars)? So, again, the need to be more p2p.
And even if one can make an argument for a highly structured health care
system or legal system (perhaps even with rationing), does that argument
really apply all the way through every helping profession or every personal
John Taylor Gatto suggests compulsory schooling has been part of all that,
to destroy communities and make people more dependent on authorities to do
the organizing in a pyramidal way, or on a market dominated by large
organizations to supply services most people no longer have confidence they
can do for themselves. From:
   "Try to see that an intricately subordinated industrial/commercial system
has only limited use for hundreds of millions of self-reliant, resourceful
readers and critical thinkers. In an egalitarian, entrepreneurially based
economy of confederated families like the one the Amish have or the
Mondragon folk in the Basque region of Spain, any number of self-reliant
people can be accommodated usefully, but not in a concentrated command-type
economy like our own. Where on earth would they fit?"
Some key issues in the ongoing economic transition back to a hunter/gatherer
lifestyle (but with technology) are:
* demand saturation;
* exponentially increasing automation and productivity;
* the end of a need for extrinsic guarding (given robot guards or no guards;
* improved peer relations;
* greater cooperation;
* decreasing corruption in government by better surveillance; and
* the ending of compulsory schooling (or at least its marginalization
through the internet which is full of useful information and ideas).
So, there may always be things to do and people to do them (like raising
children), but the point, is, will they be "jobs" and will "ration units"
play a major role in how such activities are organized?
=== Some more thoughts on why I believe that:
On the consumption side, I agree that consumption levels have risen and that
has forestalled "the end of work". That's why these trends have been slower
to play out:
   Or as written about here in the 1990s:
   "The Overworked American"
   Still, I feel it likely demand in the USA for stuff and bigger houses has
been saturated in many ways. And there are counter trends to more stuff like
environmentalism and the "voluntary simplicity" movement too. And even if
increasing demand has somewhat further to go (many people in the USA and
abroad do live without decent housing and health care and many other things
we now accept as "basics"), improvements in productivity will balance
increasing demands, leading to a net job loss. These productivity
improvements come in several ways (US employers have squeezed their
employees with unpaid labor), but the best ways may be through automation
and better design, like with multi-functional appliances like the iPhone or
3D printers.
I agree with Ryan about overemployment and overpay. One big reason is, many
of these professions just make work for each other. Many professions have
long been "trafficking in drug users" and become addicted to the problems
they claim to solve. Example:
   "Trafficking in Drug Users: Professional Exchange Networks in the Control
of Deviance" by Jim Beniger
Or as above, beating teenagers to death to save them from the internet. :-(
Most countries get by better than the USA with less lawyers, teachers,
guards, judges, soldiers, and so on. So, a vast percentage of the US
population is involved in guarding functions. Two complementary guarding
examples are US police guarding against US citizens escaping the country by
using drugs, and US soldiers guarding foreign oil pipelines to make the
products the citizens are supposed to be buying instead of the drugs. (In
general I would discourage people from using drugs, of course; it is better
to fix our society so less people want to escape it, IMHO.)
Or in China, there are now people who guard against escaping the country through the internet.
Most key medical personnel are in artificially short supply with
artificially high rates of pay, limited only by the number of slots in
medical schools and the high cost of medical school tuition, much of which
just goes to other doctors as a sort of pyramid scheme. That could easily change with cheaper medical education through the internet and through simulations. Relative to paying a doctor US$400K a year as a professor, running would-be medical students through computer simulations is a lot cheaper. Sure, there needs to be hands on stuff -- but I'm talking elimintating most of the cost of learning to be a doctor eventually. This is only the beginning:
   "Trauma Center: Second Opinion [Wii]"
   Sure, that is unrealistic; but it shows the potential -- many people have networked game consoles in their home that could teach them much of modern medicine. Even more direct physical activities like surgery can be taught through force feedback robotics:
   "Butcher attempts simulator op"
   "Using simulators to train surgeons makes them quicker and better, a Danish study has shown. The research, published in the British Medical Journal, comes after Sir Liam Donaldson, England's chief medical officer, called for more simulation training in the NHS. "
And robots are even filling in for patients:
   "Robot Patient Says "That Hurts""
   "If you looked like this dude, you'd be saying "That hurts" as well. This is a robot pre-programmed with 8 different medical conditions. It has 24 sensors under its soft, warmish silicone skin and can respond to proddings and pokings with vocal complaints. Designed as a teching aid, they've discovered that laying hands on a robot makes you more ready to handle squirmy, wet, and stinking human beings."
And even dentistry:
   "Japanese Dental Students Use a Robot Patient"
"No one likes going to the dentist, so imagine the discomfort of being a patient for a dentist-in-training. So, in order to avoid pain, damage, and deep dental trauma, BBC reports that a professor at the Nippon Dental University Hospital in Tokyo has developed an interesting solution. A sensor-laden, blinking and gurgling robot named Simroid acts as feedback, documenting and alerting the trainee when he or she has dug too deep or accidentally touched the robot inappropriately. The entire session is recorded to be later reviewed by professors or students."
Now, is that fun, or what? :-) A chance to realistically "play doctor" with few consequences. :-) And, imagine though, how much the spread of these physical simulators might improve general medical skills among peers. Sure, things can and will go wrong -- I'm mainly pointing to a general trend. And while these robot patients are expensive and rare now, in twenty years, there is no reason these things might cost very little. Five year olds might be playing dentist with real tools on grown-up sized robots. :-) My kid already did that with this:
   "Shrek 2 Rotten Root Canal Play-Doh Set"
   So, we'll see this improve... So, medical costs should drop as medical experience becomes widespread, the same way computer skills were once rare but now many people know how to do lots of computer basics and more advanced Plus, as with computers, technology gets easier to use. I'm not sure how good it really is, but you can now use a laser wand on teeth to see if they have cavities, and you can use a cup that fits over the tooth to treat small cavities with ozone, and then use a remineralizing mouth rinse. Even if ozone is not as good as conventional treatments (I don't know) it is likely easier for amateurs to do for peers.
   And once people *seriously* start rethinking dentistry and medicine from the point of view of how can it be deskilled, we may see even more innovations in such directions. Of course, the best way to do dentistry and doctoring is from prevention. Like better nutrition, fighting against advertising:
    From my own experience around technology firms, most technology work is
also unnecessary -- duplicating existing products, making proprietary
versions of things from scratch, competing instead of cooperating. Almost
all software is redundant (99.9% of it or more, and I say that as a
programmer. :-) And most software would be far better built on a flexible core (like Lisp or Smalltalk), now that saving machine cycles and memory are not such a big deal most of the time.
Choice is better up to a point; then it becomes a tyranny of
incompatibility and decisions.
"The Tyranny of Choice"
Americans today choose among more options in more parts of life than has
ever been possible before. To an extent, the opportunity to choose enhances
our lives. It is only logical to think that if some choice is good, more is
better; people who care about having infinite options will benefit from
them, and those who do not can always just ignore the 273 versions of cereal
they have never tried. Yet recent research strongly suggests that,
psychologically, this assumption is wrong. Although some choice is
undoubtedly better than none, more is not always better than less.
   This evidence is consistent with large-scale social trends. Assessments
of well-being by various social scientists--among them, David G. Myers of
Hope College and Robert E. Lane of Yale University--reveal that increased
choice and increased affluence have, in fact, been accompanied by decreased
well-being in the U.S. and most other affluent societies. As the gross
domestic product more than doubled in the past 30 years, the proportion of
the population describing itself as "very happy" declined by about 5
percent, or by some 14 million people. In addition, more of us than ever are
clinically depressed. Of course, no one believes that a single factor
explains decreased well-being, but a number of findings indicate that the
explosion of choice plays an important role.
Even the issues Andrew raises, whether US Americans are more productive than
others, is to some degree an issue of *competition*. If the firms were not
trying to outguess each other, the problems would not be so complex. And
without so much corruption related to privatizing profits and socializing
costs, the decisions would not be made so badly for the rest of us (example,
we would have moved to renewables decades ago over external cost issues).
Ultimately, while this is hard for even me to believe :-), the internet has
the potential to decrease government corruption in the long term (David
Brin's "The Transparent Society").
We are also not anywhere close to the amount of jobs we can eliminate with
just existing technology over the web (for example, ordering local groceries
or products to pick up at a local store, or have delivered by a self-driving
van). In general, self-driving vehicles will eliminate huge numbers of workers.
We could eliminate a whole huge set of government jobs by replacing "needs
based" support (which requires people to check eligibility and income) with
a basic income.
Advertising has created all sorts of "needs" like owning a snowmobile or
motorboat you might use a few days a year instead of renting one (or just
enjoying nature by snowshoeing or canoeing). Not all jobs may be easily
fully automated, but at the very least, automation lets a few people do more
So, there are all sorts of reasons people in the USA are doing too much and
charging too much for it.
   Even some of the highest paid professions like lawyers and medical
specialists are possible to eliminate by making information available
through the internet and by structuring the systems that are surrounding
those activities more. It's the same way as on the factory floor -- why
create a "smart" bin picking robot when you can just have the parts
delivered nicely organized in palettes where they have been put as they were
produced? Why lose the orientation of the part at one point, only to have to
pay to put it back somewhere else? There are several aspects of our society
where we let things get complex on the assumption a human is there to deal
with a problem, where it we change a system end-to-end, or systematize a
complex task into little parts, then there is less of a problem. So, if we
have less property crime, there is less need for lawyers to deal with it;
but also if the court processes are streamlined, there is less need for as
many lawyers.
Marshall Brain talks about this in Manna, with people wearing headsets that
tell them what to do, step by step:
      Then there were all the unemployed people. Between Manna improving
efficiency and forcing out the managers, plus overseas outsourcing taking
out white collar jobs, plus machines like the automated checkout lines and
burger flippers coming on line and so on, there were plenty of people who
were unemployed. Unemployed people went around all day applying to jobs. But
in a sense, that was pointless. All of the interconnected Manna systems knew
every single person in the job pool. Manna also knew the performance of
every single person who had ever worked in the system. You were in an
incredibly bad spot if you were unemployed.
   Then there were all the people being managed by Manna. They all made
minimum wage. If you were wearing a headset at work you were making minimum
wage and everyone knew it. And everyone knew that if you did not do what
Manna told you to do, as fast as Manna told you to do it, you would be
unemployed and making nothing.
   And then there was everyone else -- the doctors, lawyers, accountants,
office workers, executives, politicians. The executives and politicians made
a ton of money and they were never going to be wearing headsets. Joe Garcia
at Burger-G was making $100 million per year and flaunting it like a rock star.
   And Manna was starting to move in on some of the white collar work force.
The basic idea was to break every job down into a series of steps that Manna
could manage. No one had ever realized it before, but just about every job
had parts that could be subdivided out.
   HMOs and hospitals, for example, were starting to put headsets on the
doctors and surgeons. It helped lower malpractice problems by making sure
that the surgeon followed every step in a surgical procedure. The hospitals
could also hyper-specialize the surgeons. For example, one surgeon might do
nothing but open the chest for heart surgery. Another would do the arterial
grafts. Another would come in to inspect the work and close the patient back
up. What this then meant, over time, was that the HMO could train
technicians to do the opening and closing procedures at much lower cost.
Eventually, every part of the subdivided surgery could be performed by a
super-specialized technician. Manna kept every procedure on an exact track
that virtually eliminated errors. Manna would schedule 5 or 10 routine
surgeries at a time. Technicians would do everything, with one actual
surgeon overseeing things and handling any emergencies. They all wore
headsets, and Manna controlled every minute of their working lives.
   That same hyper-specialization approach could apply to lots of white
collar jobs. Lawyers, for example. You could take any routine legal problem
and subdivide it -- uncontested divorces, real estate transactions, most
standard contracts, and so on. It was surprising where you started to see
headsets popping up, and whenever you saw them you knew that the people were
locked in, that they were working every minute of every day and that wages
were falling.
Anyway, that's all part of why I think, barring plague or war, we will see a jobless recovery, if not even more unemployment. This is the background trend; the economic bubbles and outsourcing magnify it in the USA, of course, but it would be happening regardless of them. Still, the rest of the world may be slower to see this. So, we'll see rising employment in various other countries for a time as they go up these curves. But, I'd suggest, those curves in other countries will happen a lot faster than in the USA. And what happens in China when 3D printers take off or robots became really cheap? Let's hope something good. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-07 15:44:05
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What's different about this economic downturn? 
Not me, but sounds interesting if it is online?
 From the 1980s when I was involved with certifying organic farms in New Jersey, there are many, many, *many* people who like growing things even in a high-tech USA. Most have no access to significant farm land. Yes, in that sense, the USA is even worse than in, say, Brazil. The difference is in Brazil, those who want to farm still have some hope of it with land reform. A would-be farmer in New Jersey has no hope unless they win the lottery (and even then, a million dollars does not buy much in New Jersey).
"47.04 Acres Working Horse Farm (horse farm, residential land, forest - natural) A 47 acre property with an asking price of $1,685,000."
The average US hourly wage is about US$18.50 or so (so, about US$40K a year). I'd suggest that many US Americans would be happy to be working doing agriculture for that wage (assuming they were not dosed with pesticides etc.). But, within the USA, when you can get an "illegal" immigrant to take US$5 or whatever for the work, and they don't complain from all the health problems of the excessive pesticide use, it is hard for things to change. Even for children:
"Pesticides finding way to migrant workers' children"
But advocates said the study would be helpful in pressuring officials to focus on enforcement of safety rules, said Fawn Pattison, executive director of the Agricultural Resources Center, a nonprofit that supports the use of nontoxic pesticides in North Carolina.
   "It certainly informs policy makers, and the officials charged with regulating this industry, about dealing with the health and environmental questions that are exposed by this research," Pattison said.
   Programs to educate farmworkers and farmers about pesticide safety have been under way for years, but with the recent surge in immigration, advocates say the need to educate workers has increased. North Carolina saw its illegal immigrant population grow 43 percent to 300,000 from 2000 to 2004, according to the Pew Hispanic Center.
   Concern has heightened since three workers for Ag-Mart, which grows tomatoes in Eastern North Carolina, had babies with serious birth defects. A state report released in May said pesticide exposure may have caused the Of course, "illegal" immigrants don't qualify for health care because, the suggestion is, they are not contributing to the US economy.
Essentially, this is another huge market failure case. There would be huge positive externalities in having agricultural jobs available to many US Americans (or whatever immigrants) at good wages (as long as pesticide use and certain other farm hazards were heavily regulated). The food supply would be more secure. Farm workers would be happier. The US consumer would be healthier. Agricultural work can leave the mind free to think, too, even if the hands are busy. But, because farmers and pesticide companies do not have to pay the costs of groundwater contamination, the costs of long term health care for immigrants and their families (or a lifetime of lost income from cancer), the costs for health care of consumers eating substandard contaminated produce, the costs for remediating for topsoil loss, or the true cost of oil to run all this (US$500 a barrel or whatever, not US$40 as it has been for a decade), the market has failed to price these agricultural products correctly. So, people go into a supermarket and US$3 for some conventionally raised tomatoes instead of US$5 for some organic tomatoes, because, if people had to pay the true cost of the conventionally grown tomatoes, they might be more like US$10 (or whatever) for the same amount. Instead, the immigrants pay with their lives and their children's lives, the consumers pay with their health,  and everyone pays through property tax and income tax for Medicare and Medicaid for those "cheap" tomatoes and other agricultural products.
I agree this is quite possible in the USA. I've mentioned something similar

@_date: 2009-09-08 11:56:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The New Joblessness - NYTimes.com 
"The Way We Live Now: The New Joblessness"
   The U.S. economy is not only shedding jobs at a record rate; it is shedding more jobs than it is supposed to. It?s bad enough that the unemployment rate has doubled in only a year and a half and one out of six construction workers is out of work. What truly troubles President Obama?s economic advisers is that, even adjusting for the recession, the contraction in employment seems way too high. As one administration official said, ?This has been a very steep job loss.? One proof, he added, is that the country is deviating from the standard (among economists) jobs predictor known as Okun?s Law.  ...  How would Obama, not to mention Congress, respond to declining employment and falling wages? The pressure for another stimulus (and greater deficits) would be intense. So would that for demagogic solutions like trade barriers. Robert Reich, the former labor secretary, says most lost jobs are not coming back. The huge question is when ? or whether ? new ones will take their place.
Mentioned here with comments by James Hughes:
   "The ?Public Option?, Rising Unemployment, Longer Lives"
   "Why the single payer is a far better bet than a public option. Why the jobs may not come back. Why a 35 hour 4 day week is even better than a 40 hour 4 day week. Why seniors need to be biotechnologically enabled and encouraged to work longer."
The key point James Hughes makes is the article fails to mention the effects of automation on increasing unemployment.
I'd add the article doesn't mention offshoring either. Or limited demand from voluntary simplicity, environmentalist, or demand saturation.
So, if the jobs are not there, then many individuals have to start thinking about subsistence living. So, they can take the resources they have, like land for a garden, tools to repair or make products they need from free scrap materials, education through the internet instead of formal channels, and their own social networks and their local community, and so on, and do what they can to survive outside of the formal economy.
Still, unlike the last Great Depression in the 1930s, people now have higher aspirations for quality of goods beyond what they can make themselves easily; that might change with more 3D printing, but we are not there yet. People may have less subsistence skills in general than in the 1930s when it was common for people to, say, build their own homes. People probably have less paid-for land, given widespread use of debt for mortgages. In the 1930s, many more people had small farms that either they or their relatives could grow their own food on, cut wood from, or produce energy on. How many people have a relative with a farm when only 2% of the worforce now works in agriculture, compared to 50% of the workforce in agriculture back around 1900? So, in all those ways, people are far less prepared to be cut off from an industrial life support system.
One problem from a p2p perspective is that in the USA people often have debts like mortgages or costs like taxes that are denominated in US dollars.   Dollar costs are connected to the formal economy, even when people have no option to participate in it and no basic income from the state.  In some ways, this is analogous to, say, what has happened in Iceland, where debts might be denominated in foreign currencies, creating a currency crisis that can't be solved locally.
There is Welfare for the very poor in the USA,
   but it is a huge lifestyle shift and only generally available when all other *assets* have been exhausted (and usually the money needs to be paid back eventually -- my mother used to work as a welfare examiner), and in no way can cover a typical US lifestyle.
  "The full package of benefits actually provides recipients with incomes above the poverty level in every state. The value, relative to a job providing the same after-tax income, ranges from $36,400 in Hawaii to $11,500 in Mississippi. In eight jurisdictions--Hawaii, Alaska, Massachusetts, Connecticut, the District of Columbia, New York, New Jersey, and Rhode Island--welfare pays at least the equivalent of a $25,000 a-year job. The pretax value of welfare benefits substantially exceeds the amount a recipient could earn in an entry-level job in virtually every state. Thus, recipients of aid are likely to choose welfare over employment, increasing their long-term dependence."
Note -- those amounts are inflated in the sense that they include access to health care and access to education (taken for granted in other industrialized countries), which may be a big chunk of the assumed value of benefits. So, that is not a total amount of spending cash in the pocket.
Compare even that inflated US$25K with about double that for the median income of families, most in that range who live paycheck to paycheck:
   "In 2007, the median annual household income rose 1.3% to $50,233.00 according to the Census Bureau."
But, in any case, under the best situation given a jobless recovery, and ignoring predicted rises in unemployment, about fifteen million people (and their families, so perhaps as much as sixty million people, or a fifth of the US population?) are, at best, over the next year or so about to undergo a massive unplanned and undesired lifestyle shift into a welfare program not designed to handle this.
   "Currently total social welfare expenditure constitutes roughly 35% of GDP, with purely public expenditure constituting 21%, publicly supported but privately provided welfare services constituting 10% of GDP and purely privately services constituting 4% of GDP."
Note that 35% of the US$14.4 trillion USA GDP is about five trillion dollars a year, and with a US population of about 300 million people, is about US$16700 a year per person, or about US$67000 per year for a family of four, or plenty for a basic income for *everyone* in the USA at today's prices. So, it would be straighnforward then to implement universal health care as well as disband public schools (since parents would have enough money to buy education for kids through the market). And a basic income would mean most of the workers in welfare eligibility could retire (there might be a few to prevent fraud by one person claiming multiple payments). So, the current system and the suffering it creates is entirely ideologically driven, and actually spends more than is needed to get worse outcomes.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-09 19:42:29
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?US_firm_to_build_world=92s_larges?= 
"First Solar will build a two-gigawatt solar farm to supply power to three million Chinese."
"Beijing - China never does things by halves. Already a Chinese solar panel manufacturer is building the largest solar energy farm in the world, in Portugal. But that is about to be dwarfed by a new project, announced today in Washington. First Solar, a US solar panel firm, is to build a two-gigawatt solar farm - more than 20 times bigger than the Portuguese installation - in China. ... The First Solar farm is due to come onstream in five years, putting out one thousand megawatts - one gigawatt - of energy, which is about 10 times more than the country?s entire installed solar capacity at the moment. By 2019 the plant, in Inner Mongolia, will be generating two gigawatts. ... First Solar makes advanced thin film panels - not widely manufactured in China - and the firm is discussing the construction of a factory in Ordos, Inner Mongolia. If that goes ahead, you can be sure it won?t be long before Chinese engineers have learned the technology, improved upon it, and started making their own thin film panels to compete with First Solar. "
Ahearn said it would be nearly impossible to install a solar field of this size in the United States. There's plenty of land, but there's not enough near transmission lines, Ahearn said. And efforts to build new power lines are regularly stymied by competing interests from government agencies, environmental groups and disgruntled residents. "In the U.S., energy policy is made on the state level," Ahearn said. "Every state has a different approach." In contrast, Ahearn said China has designated a region within the country for renewable energy production and transmission. It also has promised to guide First Solar through the approval process and make it profitable. ... In addition, First Solar will benefit by gaining access to China's cheap labor and what may become the biggest solar market in the world. By building in China, First Solar will be able to push the cost of its solar panels even lower. ...
So, there is that aspect of the value of hierarchies. Still, it's not clear that renewables need such big projects, as opposed to homes or towns having their own smaller facilities.
Also on this:
For reference, there are some US big projects too, but solar thermal, not PV:
"Bechtel, the global engineering and construction giant, has jumped into the solar power plant business in a deal with a developer to build a 440-megawatt energy complex in California. The agreement, being announced Wednesday, calls for Bechtel?s development and finance arm, Bechtel Enterprises, to take an equity stake in the solar project known as the Ivanpah Solar Electricity Generating System. The collection of three solar power stations will deliver electricity to Pacific Gas & Electric and Southern California Edison."
"World?s Largest Solar Power Plant Coming to Arizona in 2011"
"The Arizona solar power plant has been named Solana, which means ?a sunny place? in Spanish, and will be located 70 miles southwest of Phoenix, near Gila Bend, and cover 1,900 acres. The capacity of the power plant has been projected at 280 megawatts ? a capacity which could power 70,000 homes and create 1,500 jobs. The electricity generated by the plant will be sold to APS to the tune of around $4 billion for over next 30 years. Solana will make use of Abengoa Solar?s Concentrating Solar Power (CSP) technology, which is based on solar radiation concentration to generate steam or hot air, which is used by an electric plant to run steam turbines."
And wind is big in the USA:
"Washington D.C.--The U.S. wind energy industry installed 1,210 megawatts (MW) of new power generating capacity in the second quarter, bringing the total added this year to just over 4,000 MW ? an amount larger than the 2,900 MW added in the first six months of 2008, the American Wind Energy Association (AWEA) said today in its second quarter (Q2) market report."
So, within three months this year, about half the power that big solar plant in China is going to produce by 2019 was added to the US grid in wind energy. So, it's still a big thing, but a lot of stuff is happening. And wind is significantly farther along the exponential growth curve than solar.
Wind is also happening in China:
   "Now, though, I feel more optimistic about Gansu's future. . . the province will soon be home to China's first 10 gigawatt wind farm."
Note that wind and solar tend to complement each other -- when it is cloudy or night time, there is no solar energy but the winds tend to blow.
And note, for the USA:
According to the latest figures released by the Energy Information Administration (EIA) in its "Electric Power Monthly" report, net U.S. electrical generation from renewable energy sources (biomass, geothermal, solar, water, wind) reached an all-time monthly high in May 2009. Combined, those sources accounted for 13 percent of total electrical generation. More specifically, renewable sources generated 40,395,000 megawatt-hours (Mwh) of electricity in May 2009 (the latest month for which EIA has compiled and released data). That level is 7.7 percent higher than that produced in May 2008 (37,515,000 Mwh) and appears to be the highest monthly figure ever reported by EIA for renewably-generated electricity. Total net electrical generation from all sources, including renewables, fossil fuels, and nuclear, in May 2009 was 311,411,000 Mwh ? a drop of 4.1 percent from the 324,589,000 Mwh generated in May 2008. The 13 percent share of U.S. net electrical generation provided by renewable sources in May 2009 consists of 9.4 percent from conventional hydropower and 3.6 percent from non-hydro renewables. The latter figure includes approximately 1.8 percent from wind, 1.3 percent from biomass, 0.4 percent from geothermal, and 0.3 from solar thermal and photovoltaics (totals do not exactly equal due to rounding). Comparing the month of May 2009 to the month of May 2008, net electrical generation from wind sources increased by 12.5 percent; higher wind generation totals in the state of Iowa accounted for 52.2 percent of the national increase. This large increase occurred as 11 new Iowa wind farms began generating electricity at the end of 2008. Conventional hydropower increased by 10.2 percent, reflecting an increase in generation of 2,705,000 Mwh. Solar thermal and photovoltaics combined increased by 3.5 percent. On the other hand, coal dropped by 14.8 percent and petroleum liquids by 8.3 percent. Nuclear power grew by a paltry 0.6 percent. However, natural gas expanded by 10.6 percent. ?Month-after-month, the U.S. government?s own numbers refute those attempting to dismiss or belittle the rapidly expanding role being played by renewable energy sources in the nation?s electricity supply,? said Ken Bossong, Executive Director of the SUN DAY Campaign. ?Moreover, non-hydro renewables are already well beyond the levels of the Renewable Electricity Standard proposed in energy legislation now being considered by before the U.S. Senate, which calls for just 3 percent renewables by 2013.?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-09 21:52:58
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capitalism is evil, 
"Capitalism is evil, says new Michael Moore film | Lifestyle | Reuters"
   VENICE (Reuters) - Capitalism is evil. That is the conclusion U.S. documentary maker Michael Moore comes to in his latest movie "Capitalism: A Love Story," which premieres at the Venice film festival Sunday.
   Blending his trademark humor with tragic individual stories, archive footage and publicity stunts, the 55-year-old launches an all out attack on the capitalist system, arguing that it benefits the rich and condemns millions to poverty.
   "Capitalism is an evil, and you cannot regulate evil," the two-hour movie    "You have to eliminate it and replace it with something that is good for all people and that something is democracy."
By the way, the US president's speech (prepared version) on health care reform:
My summary of plan without the spin:
* a regressive compulsory head tax on the young and less affluent;
* more profits for insurers and drug companies;
* a statement that incurring public debts for war and bailouts are OK, but incurring debts to invest in public health are wrong;
* health care should be "affordable" but not a "human right" (at a time when 30 million US Americans either have no job or are underemployed, so, there are about 90 million increasing desperate people in the USA if, say, three people average per family);
* no mention of new investment in medical research to cut costs;
* giving old people acting like teenagers health care at high cost is a "sacred trust" passed across generations, but giving health care to real teenagers and young adults in the next generation is unethical (because it interferes with the free market); and
* everything hits the fan after Obama's first term is over, and most uninsured people can twist in the wind until then.
Now, maybe it is not as bad as all that. I can hope. There is a little talk about a cheaper public plan and tax credits, but no specifics. But, sadly, about what one might expect from a center-right president owned by banks and insurers and big corporations, and not too different from previous proposals. Why am I so dopey to keep having hope in this guy?
I voted for Cynthia McKinney, so I'm probably not typical, :-) but I predict many Democrats stay home in future elections...
So, what Republican is getting selected for an eight year term to counter growing unrest in 2012? :-(
"Top Five 2012 Republican Presidential Hopefuls"
Looks like another Bush?
" Jeb Bush: Yes, as astonishing and surreal as it might seem, America stands a decent chance of electing another Bush as its president, either in 2012 or 2016. He's widely known as having a vastly higher IQ than his elder brother (but then again so does your average zoo animal), but the ex-two time governor of Florida will no doubt suffer major consequences of 'Bush fatigue' among the populace--I mean if Americans elect another Bush, the country truly is a glutton for punishment. Stranger things have happened, though, and the guy is loved by the right..."
Maybe we'll see health reform in 2020? :-(
But I predict maybe the fall of capitalism before that from solar energy, wind power, and 3D printing? :-)
Or maybe not. We'll see.
Or, as I linked to before, this Dilbert cartoon is all too true, and is even understated; after this speech, it seems clear that Google is the new national health service in the USA for many people:
   But, as a realist, I have to accept that is the state of things in the USA. So, the issue is where do we go from here in the USA? Well, maybe better peer-to-peer software could make that peer health plan work better? If that's all we have, maybe we should make the most of it?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-10 08:28:12
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Long-distance commuting and social connections and 
From 2006:
The Transportation Research Board released a study this week based on U.S. Census data, which shows Americans are increasingly working outside their county of residence. The study reports "extreme" commutes of 60 minutes climbing by 50 percent between 1990 and 2000.
   When it comes to the areas with the longest commutes, there are few real surprises -- New York, Chicago and Los Angeles top the list. The Washington, D.C., metro area, however, is a sort of first of worst commutes, with the largest number of commutes that take 90 minutes or more. The study shows a rising number of people leaving their homes at 5 to 6:30 a.m., compared to previous decades.
   In 1990, New York was the only state with 10 percent of its commuters traveling an hour to the city. By 2000, New Jersey, Maryland and Illinois also had 10 percent of commuters traveling for 60 minutes to work.
Longer commutes is another factor in why face-to-face peer-to-peer activities in the USA have declined:
"The Loneliness of the Long-Distance Commuter" Robin Moroney
Generally, ?every ten minutes of commuting results in 10% fewer social connections,? says Harvard political scientist Robert Putnam. People tend to undervalue those losses. Attempts to put them in money terms have shown them to be large. Two economists at the University of Zurich found in a lifestyle survey of Germans three years ago that an hour-long commute requires a 40% boost in salary to keep the commuters as ?satisfied? with their lives as    Postwar zoning laws take a lot of the blame for the sprawl that has driven up commutes. Mr. Putnam points out, thanks to the division of cities into commercial, residential and industrial districts, it can often take an hour or two to travel between those three points. For this reason, many planning experts are pushing for the removal of zoning restrictions to bring the places people eat, shop, and work closer together. Local officials have yet to show much enthusiasm for the idea. Mr. Paumgarten declares Atlanta ?the purest specimen of a vexed commuter town.? thanks to its paltry public transport and a sprawl unrestricted by mountains or the sea. Traveling 10 miles can take 45 minutes. He suspects residents of New York?s affluent Bronxville have the most enviable commute in America: a 28-minute ride to Grand Central Terminal, with many commuters then needing only to walk down a tunnel to reach their offices.
Note that new Greyhound buses have WiFi and electrical outlets (so virtual peer-to-peer might increase)
   "We've put a brand-new spin on the idea of the wireless router. Now you can access the Internet super highway from the regular highway. Check e-mail. Upload photos. Download content. All from the comfort of your seat. All for However, many long distance commuters use that time to fitfully sleep, so it's not clear if that will increase online peer-to-peer activities.
Also, because long distance commuting is so stressful, such peer-interactions may be problematical:
   Commuting exacts considerable stress on the human mind and body and on family relationships. All the stressors, day in and day out, take their toll. Each added travel minute correlates with an increase in health problems. Several studies have shown that long-distance commuters suffer from psychosomatic disorders much higher rate than people with short trips to work. Physical symptoms range from headaches and backaches to digestive problems and high blood pressure. Mental ills include sleep disturbances, fatigue and concentration problems. Commuters who drive have it especially hard--bad weather, traffic jams and accidents all cause stress. ...
   More neglected, perhaps, are family, friends and hobbies. A 2001 study by Norbert Schneider, a sociology professor at the University of Mainz in Germany, reported in depth on 65 long-distance commuters and the spouses or domestic partners of 45. Almost 60 percent of the workers complained that they had no time to pursue their own interests--no sports, no clubs, not even an occasional outing with friends.
   Furthermore, when the people with families finally got home they often had insufficient time for spouses and children. Spending open-ended time playing with the kids or cultivating a shared hobby with a spouse could happen only on weekends or vacations. Interestingly, two thirds of the spouses and partners felt that they were just as burdened--or even more so--noting that they essentially had to take care of all family duties and household chores themselves. Often they managed this task only by sharply curtailing their own professional obligations and personal interests. Perhaps Schneider's deeper finding was that one third of the spouses and partners felt the negatives of a long commute simply were not worth the Longer commutes can also help explain why so many US organizations (both big corporations and government) are increasingly dysfunctional, since many workers are poorly rested and unhappy from long commutes.
Came across this as I was just looking at a job doing open source educational 3D graphics things in Java about engineering (at a good pay rate), but it is unfortunately four hours away (each way).
      But it's great for anyone who lives in the Boston area or can relocate. That's the way a non-profit should be IMHO -- getting grants to make useful stuff that is free for all. Unfortunately, moving within the USA is also tough right now due to slow home sales. (And personally, if I was going to move, I'd prefer a state with better pro-homeschooling laws. :-)
But the fact is, even if I moved to the Boston areas, it is very expensive to live there, so I'd be facing a long commute even then to get affordable In general, the solution I see is that the USA needs more cities. :-)
Seriously, we need to bulldoze suburbs and start upgrading those and towns into cities (or build new cities). The upgraded towns should of course be designed in a sustainable way and with mixed-use zoning. One person who suggested such:
   More ideas:
   Mass transit would help too. I've been reading James P. Hogan's "The Two Faces of Tomorrow" to my child (slightly editid) and there is a scene there about "autocabs" that you get into individually but will form up into trains running through high speed maglev tubes, and would get you door-to-door from New York City to Washington, D.C. in twenty minutes (when that now takes several hours). That book was perhaps the first one I read gave me a detailed vision of what a better society with better but realistic technology could look like, as well as long-lasting concerns about computing singularities. Online here:
The related description:
   The next morning Dyer and Richter met as arranged, boarded an autocab and specified the Department of Communications and Information Management Headquarters, Washington, D.C., as their destination. The cab navigated Manhattan and was pipelined across to New Jersey along one of a battery of ten monorails suspended in a single span four hundred feet above the Hudson. There it turned south and merged with forty-nine other cabs to form a train which accelerated as one unit into the New York-Washington tube, through which it hurtled in vacuum, riding on magnetic suspension at speeds touching 800 mph for most of the way. At the far end the train broke up to become independent cabs once again, which dispersed into the Washington local system. Twenty minutes after leaving New York, Dyer and Richter were in an elevator ascending from the autocab terminal located below the CIM HQ building.
So, I'm guessing such a system might let me commute in a "green" way from the NY Adirondack Park to outside Boston in half an hour, while I caught up on the p2plist. :-)
Probably the USA needs one hundred new small cities (guessing) as well as such a more dynamic mass transit system as above. And there are fifteen million unemployed people in the USA, many who would be happy to build all that, and trillions of dollars sloshing around to pay them, judged by the recent banking bailout. And, a basic income would ensure people could move to these new cities at first. So, plenty of resources.
And plenty of land for all that, considering how US population density is about one-tenth Europe's:
"Developed Land- Despite all the hand wringing over sprawl and urbanization, only 66 million acres are considered developed lands. This amounts to 3 percent of the land area in the U.S., yet this small land base is home to 75 percent of the population. In general, urban lands are nearly useless for biodiversity preservation. Furthermore, urbanized lands, once converted, usually do not shift to another use. ... The USDA report concludes that urbanization and rural residences (subdivisions) "do not threaten the U.S. cropland base or the level of agricultural production." This does not mean sprawl doesn't have impacts where it occurs. But the notion that sprawl is the greatest threat to biodiversity is absolutely false. ..."
Until then, it will be a perennial problem that most non-profits pay less but locate themselves in expensive areas to live (Boston, New York, Washington D.C., San Francisco). So, in general the only people who can afford to participate in them without tragic commutes are well off already, sometimes the twenty-something crowd, or those with two working parents (usually one as professional who has bought into the system).
So, peer-to-peer ideas eventually provides an alternative to that scene, both in terms of things happening over the internet, and also other broader social changes like Hogan or Jacobs or others envisoned that might make face-to-face work easier.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-10 10:20:57
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] BBC NEWS | EU proposes climate risk billions 
The European Commission says the EU should provide $2-15bn each year to help poor countries protect themselves against impacts of climate change. The UN estimates that poor nations will need about $100bn (?60bn) per year for climate adaptation, with much of that coming from levies on carbon trading. ... Campaign groups say the sums are less than the EU ought to be spending.
Should not some of that go to support peer-to-peer activities creating an open commons of ideas and technologies that materially poor countries can all draw from and contribute to, to help make those changes? Things like    "Appropedia is the site for collaborative solutions in sustainability, poverty reduction and international development. Appropedia helps us sustain our world. Learn more at our Mission page. "
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-10 10:48:28
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sick and Wrong : Rolling Stone 
One of the best essays I've read about the health care debate, and a small "Sick and Wrong : Rolling Stone"
"The system doesn't work for anyone. It cheats patients and leaves them to die, denies insurance to 47 million Americans, forces hospitals to spend billions haggling over claims, and systematically bleeds and harasses doctors with the specter of catastrophic litigation. Even as a mechanism for delivering bonuses to insurance-company fat cats, it's a miserable failure: Greedy insurance bosses who spent a generation denying preventive care to patients now see their profits sapped by millions of customers who enter the system only when they're sick with incurably expensive illnesses."
The funny thing is, Obama did a great job of outlining why health care issues in the USA were undermining innovation (and by extension, peer-to-peer activities outside conventional big business):
Then there's the problem of rising costs. We spend one-and-a-half times more per person on health care than any other country, but we aren't any healthier for it. This is one of the reasons that insurance premiums have gone up three times faster than wages. It's why so many employers ? especially small businesses ? are forcing their employees to pay more for insurance, or are dropping their coverage entirely. It's why so many aspiring entrepreneurs cannot afford to open a business in the first place, and why American businesses that compete internationally ? like our automakers ? are at a huge disadvantage. And it's why those of us with health insurance are also paying a hidden and growing tax for those without it ? about $1000 per year that pays for somebody else's emergency room and charitable care.
That's one reason it is hard to build alternatives outside the conventional system in the USA. And privately purchased health insurance is usually twice as much as what companies pay for it at already high cost, because it is a smaller pool and has more overhead.
"Cheap Labor Conservatives Issues Guide"
3. OPPOSITION TO ANY SORT OF NATIONAL HEALTH CARE SYSTEM
Health care costs are outrageously expensive, and threaten people with financial ruin. Also, health insurance is primarily provided by employers through ?group plans?. So if you lose your job, you lose your health coverage. This is not quite as a big a problem, since the passage of COBRA ? which was opposed by guess who? That?s right, the cheap-labor conservatives. In short, national health insurance would provide a huge measure of security for working Americans from potential financial catastrophe ? which catastrophe is therefore no longer a force keeping you suitably intimidated by your employer.
Obama just can't bring himself to (or is not allowed to) propose serious changes to a system that is seriously broken.
Also, why not spend more more on R&D for more health innovations (even hundreds of billions of US dollars a year)? This was mentioned in the comments earlier here on Cuba as its medicine and health care systems improved after the US embargo as it turned to locally grown medicinal plants:
   "Cuba Promotes "Green" Medicine"
   "Cuban doctors are discovering that herbal medicines work just as well as modern drugs for some infections, parasites and some other illnesses. Sometimes they work better!"
And from India:
   "Combating biopiracy - the legal way "
   "Can something be 'novel' if it is already well known? Patent offices in some countries require only that the patented bits be novel in their own country, and completely ignored the knowledge of other nations. Countries like India that are rich in biodiversity and traditional knowledge are seeking to end this biopiracy. ... Thus, in a nutshell 'Biopiracy' refers to the ways that corporations - almost all from the developed world - claim ownership of, free ride on, or otherwise take unfair advantage of, the genetic resources and TK and technologies of developing countries. Biopirates are those responsible for one or both of the following acts: (i) the theft, misappropriation of, or unfair free-riding on, genetic resources and/or TK through the patent system; and (ii) the unauthorised and uncompensated collection for commercial ends of genetic resources and/or TK."
Or why not invest hundreds of billions of dollars on systems that really do let Google become a health care provider as a diagnostic and prescribing tool? So, this joke becomes real, but with safeguards:
   I read about a peer-operated diagnostic system like that in the sci-fi novel "Triton" from 1976:
   Just think how a system like Google could leverage the results of billions of people putting in their medical information about what works and what did not -- if the system was structured well and had some minimal oversight.
So, here we see politics and vested interests at odds with a more peer-to-peer future. And a future that promises to be a lot cheaper *and* healthier than what we have now. And there are literally trillions of dollars spent on the wrong overall approach every year which could fund alternatives instead. So, the good news is, the potential upside is huge once cultural change towards a larger peer-to-peer commons in health care begins to happen.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-10 12:32:53
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] BBC NEWS | Africa | SA pigeon 'faster than broadband' 
Here is some advanced new technology for improving peer-to-peer high-speed access: :-)
   Broadband promised to unite the world with super-fast data delivery - but in South Africa it seems the web is still no faster than a humble pigeon. A Durban IT company pitted an 11-month-old bird armed with a 4GB memory stick against the ADSL service from the country's biggest web firm, Telkom.
Winston the pigeon took two hours to carry the data 60 miles - in the same time the ADSL had sent 4% of the data. Telkom said it was not responsible for the firm's slow internet speeds. The idea for the race came when a member of staff at Unlimited IT complained about the speed of data transmission on ADSL. He said it would be faster by carrier pigeon.  "We renown ourselves on being innovative, so we decided to test that statement," Unlimited's Kevin Rolfe told the Beeld newspaper.
   "Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes hurtling down the highway. ?Tanenbaum, Andrew S. (1996). Computer Networks."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-10 15:46:24
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Whale Oil Peak Curve 
Echoing curves for nuclear materials that Ryan linked to: :-)
   "By The Fault ? Blog Archive ? The Whale Oil Peak Curve"
   The American whaling industry rose from modest beginnings in the late 18th century to become an international giant to feed a growing demand for whale oil for lamps and industrial lubricants. The peak year was 1846 when 735 ships and 70,000 people served the industry out of New England ports such as New Bedford and Salem. As whale stocks and reserves decreased, whalers were forced to go farther and farther from their New England home ports. Increasingly whalers were forced to round Cape Horn and venture to far off and desolate locations such Hawaii (whaling led to New England missionaries and the rest is as they say is history), Guerrero Negro on the Baja coast and up to the Bering Strait.
   By 1850s the voyages became longer, and risks on required return-on-investment became higher. The peak of production in 1846-47 led to the price of whale skyrocketing in 1855. That lag is similar to one we are seeing now in oil and related fossil fuels. The easy money of Atlantic and Pacific whaling was no more: the only remaining profitable ventures were to Arctic and Antarctic waters. Many ships returned empty, if at all. In 1871, most of the Arctic whaling fleet was crushed by early winter ice and lost at sea. This calamity, in conjunction with the long-term diminishing whale stocks, the diversion of investment capital to more profitable ventures, and the discovery, development, and refinement of abundant petroleum crude oil, struck the death blow to the American whaling industry. By 1890, less than 200 whaling vessels remained in operation. In 1971, the American whaling industry ceased to exist primarily due to pressure from environmentals groups. Today only the Japanese, Norwegians and Icelanders have any commercial whaling under the guise of scientific studies. A few other societies still engage in whale hunts, most notably the Innuit and the Faeroese but these are primarily are for whale meat.
And now we see the same as renewables replace fossil fuels:
   "The Plan B goals for developing renewable sources of energy by 2020 that are laid out in this chapter are based not on what is conventionally believed to be politically feasible, but on what we think is needed to prevent irreversible climate change. This is not Plan A, business as usual. This is Plan B?a wartime mobilization, an all-out response proportionate to the threat that global warming presents to our future.
   Can we expand renewable energy use fast enough? We think so. Recent trends in the use of mobile phones and personal computers give a sense of how quickly new technologies can spread. Once cumulative mobile phone sales reached 1 million units in 1986, the stage was set for explosive growth, and the number of cell phone subscribers doubled in each of the next three years. Over the next 12 years the number of people owning a mobile phone more than doubled every two years. By 2001 there were 995 million cell phones?a 1,000-fold increase in just 15 years. As of 2007, there were more than 2 billion cell phone subscribers worldwide.
   Sales of personal computers followed a similar trajectory. In 1983 roughly a million were sold, but by 2003 the figure was an estimated 160 million?a 160-fold jump in 20 years. We are now seeing similar growth figures for renewable energy technologies. Sales of solar cells are doubling every two years, and the annual growth in wind generating capacity is not far behind. Just as the information and communications economies have changed beyond recognition over the past two decades, so too will the energy economy over the next decade."
So, we're seeing growth in coal and oil of around 1% a year (if that, it seems to be falling due to the recession) but wind and solar are growing at closer to 30% a year. Still, coal and oil have a big head start. But these trends if continued for twenty years or so will see us going towards all renewables. But, it is still a long way to grow from small percentages.
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-11 08:13:58
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Big Food vs. Big Insurance | CommonDreams.org 
No one disputes that the $2.3 trillion we devote to the health care industry is often spent unwisely, but the fact that the United States spends twice as much per person as most European countries on health care can be substantially explained, as a  study released last month says, by our being fatter. Even the most efficient health care system that the administration could hope to devise would still confront a rising tide of chronic disease linked to diet.
   That's why our success in bringing health care costs under control ultimately depends on whether Washington can summon the political will to take on and reform a second, even more powerful industry: the food industry.
   According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, three-quarters of health care spending now goes to treat "preventable chronic diseases." Not all of these diseases are linked to diet - there's smoking, for instance - but many, if not most, of them are.
   We're spending $147 billion to treat obesity, $116 billion to treat diabetes, and hundreds of billions more to treat cardiovascular disease and the many types of cancer that have been linked to the so-called Western diet. One recent study estimated that 30 percent of the increase in health care spending over the past 20 years could be attributed to the soaring rate of obesity, a condition that now accounts for nearly a tenth of all spending on health care.
   The American way of eating has become the elephant in the room in the debate over health care. The president has made a few notable allusions to it, and, by planting her vegetable garden on the South Lawn, Michelle Obama has tried to focus our attention on it. Just last month, Mr. Obama talked about putting a farmers' market in front of the White House, and building new distribution networks to connect local farmers to public schools so that student lunches might offer more fresh produce and fewer Tater Tots. He's even floated the idea of taxing soda.
   But so far, food system reform has not figured in the national conversation about health care reform. And so the government is poised to go on encouraging America's fast-food diet with its farm policies even as it takes on added responsibilities for covering the medical costs of that diet. To put it more bluntly, the government is putting itself in the uncomfortable position of subsidizing both the costs of treating Type 2 diabetes and the consumption of high-fructose corn syrup.
Why the disconnect? Probably because reforming the food system is politically even more difficult than reforming the health care system. At least in the health care battle, the administration can count some powerful corporate interests on its side - like the large segment of the Fortune 500 that has concluded the current system is unsustainable.
   That is hardly the case when it comes to challenging agribusiness. Cheap food is going to be popular as long as the social and environmental costs of that food are charged to the future. There's lots of money to be made selling fast food and then treating the diseases that fast food causes. One of the leading products of the American food industry has become patients for the American health care industry.
   The market for prescription drugs and medical devices to manage Type 2 diabetes, which the Centers for Disease Control estimates will afflict one in three Americans born after 2000, is one of the brighter spots in the American economy. As things stand, the health care industry finds it more profitable to treat chronic diseases than to prevent them. There's more money in amputating the limbs of diabetics than in counseling them on diet and exercise.
   As for the insurers, you would think preventing chronic diseases would be good business, but, at least under the current rules, it's much better business simply to keep patients at risk for chronic disease out of your pool of customers, whether through lifetime caps on coverage or rules against pre-existing conditions or by figuring out ways to toss patients overboard when they become ill.
   But these rules may well be about to change - and, when it comes to reforming the American diet and food system, that step alone could be a game changer. Even under the weaker versions of health care reform now on offer, health insurers would be required to take everyone at the same rates, provide a standard level of coverage and keep people on their rolls regardless of their health. Terms like "pre-existing conditions" and "underwriting" would vanish from the health insurance rulebook - and, when they do, the relationship between the health insurance industry and the food industry will undergo a sea change. ...
So, human peers get stomped on as two big dinosaurs are fighting it out. Even three dinosaurs in the sense that the mainstream health industry makes big profits from sick people, especially chronically sick people. So, in that sense, big insurance, big food, and big medicine are harming people for Related peer-to-peer individual way to be healthier:
   The Honest Food Guide (HFG) is now available for downloading free of charge and is:
     * Free from the corruption and influence of various food industries (dairy, beef, junk foods, etc.)
     * Designed to benefit you, not Big Business
     * Offers genuine nutritional information, not watered-down information designed to boost the sale of milk, beef and grains
Also fasting periodically can help sometimes:
   "Learn how to escape the dietary pleasure trap"
   Also, a single payer health care proposal for the USA:
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-11 15:56:28
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] America Out of Work: Is Double-Digit Unemployment 
"Jobless in America: Is Double-Digit Unemployment Here to Stay?"By Joshua Cooper Ramo
The American economy has been shedding jobs much, much faster than Okun's law predicts. According to that rough rule, we should be at about 8.5% unemployment today, not slipping toward 10%. Something new and possibly strange seems to be happening in this recession. Something unpredicted by the experts. "I don't think," Summers told the Peterson Institute crowd ? deviating again from his text ? "that anyone fully understands this phenomenon." And that raises some worrying questions. Will creating jobs be that much slower too? Will double-digit unemployment persist even after we emerge from this recession? Has the idea of full employment rather suddenly become antiquated? Is there something fundamentally broken in the heart of our economy? And if so, how can we fix it?
America now faces the direst employment landscape since the Depression. It's troubling not simply for its sheer scale but also because the labor market, shaped by globalization and technology and financial meltdown, may be fundamentally different from anything we've seen before. And if the result is that we're stuck with persistent 9%-to-11% unemployment for a while ? a range whose mathematical congruence with that other 9/11 is impossible to miss ? we may be looking at a problem that will define the first term of Barack Obama's presidency the way the original 9/11 defined George W. Bush's. Like that 9/11, this one demands a careful refiguring of some of the most basic tenets of national policy. And just as the shock of Sept. 11 prompted long-overdue (and still not cemented) reforms in intelligence and defense, the jobs crisis will force us to examine a climate that has been deteriorating for years. The total number of nonfarm jobs in the U.S. economy is about the same now ? roughly 131 million ? as it was in 1999. And the Federal Reserve is predicting moderate growth at best. That means more than a decade without real employment expansion.
So, there it is, at least ten years of "jobless recovery".
See also:
"How to think about a jobless recovery"
"Not a pretty picture. But with output variables moderating while employment variables continue to sink, there is every indication that recovery from this recession, when it arrives, will do little for many of the unemployed for years to come. Time to start thinking about why this is the case, and what can be done about it."
And in other places I see this too.
Economists going on about "no one understands what is going on".
When all this was predicted in 1964 and even earlier:
   The fundamental problem posed by the cybernation revolution in the U.S. is that it invalidates the general mechanism so far employed to undergird people?s rights as consumers. Up to this time economic resources have been distributed on the basis of contributions to production, with machines and men competing for employment on somewhat equal terms. In the developing cybernated system, potentially unlimited output can be achieved by systems of machines which will require little cooperation from human beings. As machines take over production from men, they absorb an increasing proportion of resources while the men who are displaced become dependent on minimal and unrelated government measures?unemployment insurance, social security, welfare payments. These measures are less and less able to disguise a historic paradox: That a substantial proportion of the population is subsisting on minimal incomes, often below the poverty line, at a time when sufficient productive potential is available to supply the needs of everyone in the U.S.
   The existence of this paradox is denied or ignored by conventional economic analysis.The general economic approach argues that potential demand, which if filled would raise the number of jobs and provide incomes to those holding them, is underestimated. Most contemporary economic analysis states that all of the available labor force and industrial capacity is required to meet the needs of consumers and industry and to provide adequate public services: Schools, parks, roads, homes, decent cities, and clean water and air. It is further argued that demand could be increased, by a variety of standard techniques, to any desired extent by providing money and machines to improve the conditions of the billions of impoverished people elsewhere in the world, who need food and shelter, clothes and machinery and everything else the industrial nations take for    There is no question that cybernation does increase the potential for the provision of funds to neglected public sectors. Nor is there any question that cybernation would make possible the abolition of poverty at home and abroad. But the industrial system does not possess any adequate mechanisms to permit these potentials to become realities. The industrial system was designed to produce an ever-increasing quantity of goods as efficiently as possible, and it was assumed that the distribution of the power to purchase these goods would occur almost automatically. The continuance of the income-through jobs link as the only major mechanism for distributing effective demand?for granting the right to consume?now acts as the main brake on the almost unlimited capacity of a cybernated productive system.
   Recent administrations have proposed measures aimed at achieving a better distribution of resources, and at reducing unemployment and underemployment. A few of these proposals have been enacted. More often they have failed to secure congressional support. In every case, many members of Congress have criticized the proposed measures as departing from traditional principles for the allocation of resources and the encouragement of production. Abetted by budget-balancing economists and interest groups they have argued for the maintenance of an economic machine based on ideas of scarcity to deal with the facts of abundance produced by cybernation. This time-consuming criticism has slowed the workings of Congress and has thrown out of focus for that body the inter-related effects of the triple revolution.
   An adequate distribution of the potential abundance of goods and services will be achieved only when it is understood that the major economic problem is not how to increase production but how to distribute the abundance that is the great potential of cybernation. There is an urgent need for a fundamental change in the mechanisms employed to insure consumer rights.
A recap of what mainstream economists are ignoring or misunderstanding:
Increasing automation and better design, in the face of limited demand, leads to increasing unemployment. Very straightforward to understand it would seem.
And, if it had not been for:
* wars to destroy abundance,
      * compulsory schooling of ever increasing length (people used to get just a few years of schooling around age ten, and now may be in school until their late 20s and early 30s),
   * imprisoning or otherwise tracking about 2% of the US population (so, people don't work and their are jobs guarding them)
   "The United States has the highest documented incarceration rate,[3][4] and total documented prison population in the world.[3][5][6] As of year-end 2007, a record 7.2 million people were behind bars, on probation or on parole."
then this issue of increasing unemployment would have happened a lot sooner.
And, the entire work world, based heavily on creating other guarding work like cashiers and one-third of every health care dollar spent on financial paperwork means the economy is poised to "implode" in the face of other    "I don't suggest that most work is salvageable in this way. But then most work isn't worth trying to save. Only a small and diminishing fraction of work serves any useful purpose independent of the defense and reproduction of the work-system and its political and legal appendages. Twenty years ago, Paul and Percival Goodman estimated that just five percent of the work then being done -- presumably the figure, if accurate, is lower now -- would satisfy our minimal needs for food, clothing and shelter. Theirs was only an educated guess but the main point is quite clear: directly or indirectly, most work serves the unproductive purposes of commerce or social control. Right off the bat we can liberate tens of millions of salesmen, soldiers, managers, cops, stockbrokers, clergymen, bankers, lawyers, teachers, landlords, security guards, ad-men and everyone who works for them. There is a snowball effect since every time you idle some bigshot you liberate his flunkies and underlings also. Thus the economy implodes."
Granted, in the USA there have been counter-trends like women moving into the work force, which have been matched rising expectations.
   But expectations have leveled off. So those counter-trends have played out IMHO. And, within the USA, offshoring has now become a counter-counter-trend.
Short of more war, more schooling, and more prisons, and more other guarding in society, the other solutions to mass unemployment are:
* a basic income (and universal health care) within the market;
* local subsistence production with gardening and 3D printing etc.; and
* a transition to a post-scarcity gift economy as has already been happening with peer production through an open commons like with GNU/Linux and Wikipedia.
Marshal Brain's Manna fiction revolves around only the first of these three, though he otherwise defines the problem well.
   How does one best get this message out, assuming economists and others want to hear it?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-11 18:50:29
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?Extreme_do-gooders_=96_what_makes?= 
"Extreme do-gooders ? what makes them tick?"
 From protecting our natural environment to improving our children's education to combating global poverty and disease, we've come to rely on extreme do-gooders to tackle the world's toughest problems. And they're happy to do so, even though their dedication will cost them in the long run. Few of them will make as much as they could in the private sector. They may lose a relationship with a loved one to their work, or miss their kids' big    All of which raises the obvious: Why? What makes these people tick, and how do they sustain a lifetime of commitment to a change that might take generations to see?
   "We call it a moment of obligation," says Lara Galinsky, of the Echoing Green Foundation, whose 471 fellows have raised more than $1 billion for their causes since 1987. "It's usually not a dramatic moment; it's a gathering of moments, but it's very clear. It's when something gathers such force that you can't ignore it."
   It doesn't happen that often. There is only 1 social entrepreneur for every 10 million of the rest of us, according to calculations of Ashoka, an organization that funds social entrepreneurs around the world. Ashoka founder Bill Drayton bases his calculations on nearly 30 years' worth of seeking out the elusive combination of vision and passion that social entrepreneurs put into practice.
   "The core defining element is that they simply cannot come to rest ... until their dream has become a new pattern across all of society," says Mr. Drayton. "This is very different from everyone else: the scholar or the artist expresses an idea, and they're happy. The manager ... make[s] the company work. The social worker, the professional help people ... make their lives better. None of that would remotely satisfy the social entrepreneur. Their job is to change the system."
   ...
   For every extreme do-gooder, there are probably ? thankfully ? uncounted others who want to see social change, sharing their talents and time at a pace most of us can handle. There are, Dr. Etzioni says, "millions of people who make a contribution despite the fact that they have many other duties ... [by] going and bringing orphans into our home, doing community service, teaching people to read, being a pal. There are hundreds of ways we do that."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-11 19:15:05
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How charities harness social media for a social 
This week's CSMonitor had a set of articles on social entrepreneurs and social media like the one I previously linked to. Here is another:
"How charities harness social media for a social impact: Networkers shift from sharing info to linking up to effect change."
... Harrison?s nonprofit is one of many using social media in surprising new ways. As the Internet comes of age, social media has changed the way nonprofits do business. They?ve advanced beyond getting the word out on Facebook and raising money with Twitter to find a unique overlap between the mission of nonprofits and the methods of new media.
   ?People talk about Web 1.0 and Web 2.0 ? older and newer. The key difference is that Web 1.0 was automating transactions. You buy a book online, or you send an e-mail. Web 2.0 explicitly creates new ways to collaborate and participate,? says Sean Stannard-Stockton, a social-media blogger and founder of Tactical Philanthropy Advisers. ?In nonprofits in particular, collaboration and participation is the mission of the organization?. Web 2.0 tools are custom-made for social change, as opposed to just being a new way to do old stuff.?
   Across a spectrum of issues, nonprofits have taken to those tools. Kiva.org, a microlending organization that matches up lenders and recipients through the Web, sends fellows to villages around the world to blog about loan recipients and about poverty-related issues. The ENOUGH project, an antigenocide organization, started its own YouTube online video channel for users to post videos about the links between ubiquitous electronic devices and mineral-fueled conflict in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The Extraordinaires, a new-media nonprofit, uses mobile-phone applications to create microvolunteering opportunities in the United States.
   Even retrofitting new-media tools to old-media practices bears fruit for some groups. The Echoing Green Foundation, which gives seed money to entrepreneurs that tackle social, environmental, or economic problems, turned its press release about its newest crop of fellows into a video this    ?We really wanted to make the fellows and their words come alive, and the best way to do that is to hear them and see them,? says Lara Galinsky, senior vice president of Echoing Green.
   It also found a way around a major mainstream-media stumbling block: A press release, Galinsky concedes, ?isn?t an evergreen story for the media.? A video, on the other hand, has staying power for other audiences. The video announcement was passed along through Twitter several hundred times.
   That breakdown is one strength of the tandem revolutions in social media and social change.
   ?There was once a clear information arbiter, [and] nonprofits broadcast their message to a whole bunch of people and hoped it got to enough that they could do what they needed, whether that was raising money or getting volunteers,? says Nathaniel Whittemore, founder of the Center for Global Engagement at Northwestern University. ?What you have now is a much more symmetrical relationship in which people who are recipients of the message can also become part of the conversation.?
   But the best blend of Web 2.0 and social activism may come from innovators who set out to exploit the collaborative potential of media tools. ...
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-12 19:31:40
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] No Time for the Singularity 
Some people here might like this, and it reflects a lot of my own beliefs:
   "Worldchanging: Bright Green: No Time for the Singularity" by Karl Schroeder
   If there's to be a miraculous transformation of human civilization, it has to be accomplished by us, right now, before we develop our miraculous nanobots, genetically engineered carbon-sucking trees, or polywell fusion reactors. (That said, technology is a large part of the answer?and game-changing breakthroughs are possible?but until proven otherwise we have to assume we'll be using currently possible solutions such as wind power, agrichar and a global coal moratorium.)
   We have the social stability, the resources and the technology now; all we need is the will. We will still need all three of these things 25 years from now, and we're likely to be seriously wanting in two of them if things continue as they are.
   The technological singularity may be real, but who cares? By the time it happens, we'll have won or lost our grand battle with fate.
That essay did not make the further link though that any singularity we get may be deeply shaped by what we do now to make the world a better place. For example, if the technological powerhouse of the USA moves towards health care as a basic human right, that may produce a very different sort of singularity than otherwise. In that case, it is the difference between a singularity where everyone goes together in happiness than a singularity where only the wealthy (often, though not always, people with narrow definitions of self and self-interest) have access to advanced medical technologies related to human augmentation or life extension (which would seem something likely to end badly for most people).
Something to remember, from an article published two days ago, about past and present plans for global destruction:
   "American Planning for a Hundred Holocausts" by Daniel Ellsberg
In the same way that making the world better now might mean a happier singularity, it would seem that such a nuclear disaster would be less likely to happen the more we reshape our society into a peaceful, prosperous, compassionate, and enlightened place, like with work going on here on the p2p list.
Or in general, even if more compassion in politics may sound unlikely sometimes like with the current regressive US health plans, it's still important to just remember Howard Zinn's "Optimism of Uncertainty".
   In this awful world where the efforts of caring people often pale in comparison to what is done by those who have power, how do I manage to stay involved and seemingly happy? I am totally confident not that the world will get better, but that we should not give up the game before all the cards have been played. The metaphor is deliberate; life is a gamble. Not to play is to foreclose any chance of winning.
   To play, to act, is to create at least a possibility of changing the world. There is a tendency to think that what we see in the present moment will continue. We forget how often we have been astonished by the sudden crumbling of institutions, by extraordinary changes in people's thoughts, by unexpected eruptions of rebellion against tyrannies, by the quick collapse of systems of power that seemed invincible. What leaps out from the history of the past hundred years is its utter unpredictability. This confounds us, because we are talking about exactly the period when human beings became so ingenious technologically that they could plan and predict the exact time of someone landing on the moon, or walk down the street talking to someone halfway around the earth. ...
Also related, about free and open source and its role in shaping a better    "Open the Future" by Jamas Cascio
   (This essay was one of the pieces of the last, unpublished issue of Whole Earth Review. I initially wrote it in November of 2002, revised it in February of 2003, and lightly edited it today. The issue focused on the "singularity" -- a point in the near future where change happens so fast that pre-singularity people simply couldn't comprehend the lives of post-singularity people -- and this essay looked to ways to make such an event as safe and democratic as possible. Even if you set aside its references to a "singularity," however, I think the arguments it makes are still quite relevant to the issues we confront today. Warning: it's over 2600 words, a bit longer than our usual post length. --Jamais)
So, all these big issues, the economy, health care, green energy, zero emissions manufacturing, preventing nuclear war, having a happier singularity, free and open source including about subsistence living and a gift economy, human rights in accessing a commons through a basic income, moving beyond compulsory schooling and other large-scare imprisonment, dealing fairly with the consequences of global warming, other policy reforms, and so on, are all connected in a way. Related:
   "A Wombat talks for one minute about a global mindshift"
   (Though the Wombat is wrong about space travel in the long term, though he is right about it for the next couple of decades. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-13 09:25:04
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] mass production and p2p production, 
Just a little side note that I went to a talk by Alvin Toffler in North Carolina around 1987, when I had written as essay called "The Vertical Corporation" (after reading Langdon Winner's Autonomous Technology), and in the open mike questions afterwards I asked him what he thought about vertically integrated companies (essentially, intentional villages) to the point where they had their own currencies, and he said he had not thought about that. :-)
Still, I think ultimately, as Manuel de Landa suggests, real systems will be some mixture of meshworks and hierarchies, or local production and participation in distribution networks.
So, and I've written some on this elsewhere, I feel it likely we will have production facilities of different sizes for different things. And it is true that high speed printing (like of thin film solar panels) can often be the cheapest production method, so we may see things like that; and anything taking a lot of heat like a steel mill or glass plant might also see centralization out of practicality.
That will hold for an industry until we reach the point of technology where any advantages there will be negligible relative to the disadvatages of inconvenience. For example, almost nobody sends their own documents to a central printing facility at a computer center these days; they use a local laser printer, even though the cost per page including paying for the printer is somewhat higher -- but it saves the trouble of walking over to the computer center, and it also is more private and secure in a sense.
Anyway, one may rightly ask where we are on different technological curves, compounded by the fact that we can make substitutions -- if steel and glass still require a lot of heat and centralization, we might use ceramic and plastic in villages to avoid that.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-13 12:36:37
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A joint statement on P2P and post-scarcity 
> We know we don?t speak for everybody, since we are a pluralistic community
 > and we seek commonalities  between divergent views, but that does not mean
 > that we don?t have a concern about the efficiency of what we are doing.
Let me say at the outset, on a practical basis, I agree with much of the spirit of the rest of what you wrote, and I feel it is Franz and Michel's prerogative as initiators and leaders of their respective groups (globalvillages and P2P foundation) to say this.
With that, said, some clarifications may be in order, as below, from another one of the post-scarcity abundance advocates like me. :-) Nathan made his own comments as well.
 > In
 > this context, we feel the need to distinguish the P2P theory view from
 > post scarcity assumptions that have received such a prominent place on the
 > P2P research mailing list.
Fair enough. Yes, I've been taking on some of the gloomy thinking about Peak (Whale) Oil here and elsewhere. :-)
 > To make a strong statement: P2P (and also GlobalVillages) is not about
 > post ? scarcity, but about restoring the right balance between scarcity
 > and abundance ? which is an alltogether different thing.
I'm not sure what is meant by "restoring the balance" here?
Is this a suggestion "artificial scarcity" has a role to play in a good society? Maybe it does, to the degree hierarchies have an artificially scarce number of slots at the top, yet hierarchies are often a valuable part of life (see Manuel de Landa).
   "But even if we managed to promote not only heterogeneity, but diversity articulated into a meshwork, that still would not be a perfect solution. After all, meshworks grow by drift and they may drift to places where we do not want to go. The goal-directedness of hierarchies is the kind of property that we may desire to keep at least for certain institutions. Hence, demonizing centralization and glorifying decentralization as the solution to all our problems would be wrong. An open and experimental attitude towards the question of different hybrids and mixtures is what the complexity of reality itself seems to call for. ..."
 > It does not believe that technology by itself provides any complete social
 > solution, but it is always embedded in and driven by particular social and
 > political logics
I agree the two are interrelated; something related I posted to the Open Manufacturing list
"Getting to 100 social-technical points" One can think of it this simplified way. Imagine abundance for all takes a
society earning 100 "social-technical" points. :-) These points come from
the multiplication of the "social" points times the "technical" points.
So, 50 * 2 = 100.
Or, 2 * 50 = 100.
or, 10 * 10 = 100.
Social points might be things like learning to share better, or learning to
get along with each other better in resolving conflicts with less damage, or
in general, even eventually a global mindshift:
    "Global Mindshift: The Wombat"
    Technical points are like the ones we are usually talking about here, how to
make things efficiently and effectively. Let us consider three scenarios for these points, with the numbers as above.
And then there is the Langdon Winner point that artifacts have politics, just like politics produces artifacts. :-) Once we build a certain infrastructure, it usually makes certain actions easiery while making other actions harder.
 > For example, automation is very much driven by capitalist competition to
 > be more productive than other market players.
This is a half-truth (even if a lot of truth in practice over the last few hundred years).
If we look at dogs or potatoes, there we see examples of self-replicating technologies that have been selectively bred for various characteristics over thousands of years (so, from way before capitalism). Breeding dogs better at hunting for humans, or breeding bigger and tastier potatoes, was something worth doing in its own sake to save human labor. So, this impulse has been around for a long time.
"Dog history has been studied recently using mitochondrial DNA, which suggests that wolves and dogs split into different species around 100,000 years ago; but whether humans had anything to do with that, no one really knows. Recent mtDNA analysis (Boyko et al.), suggests that the origin and location of dog domestication, long thought to be in east Asia, is in some doubt. ... A burial site in Germany called Bonn-Oberkassel has joint human and dog interments dated to 14,000 years ago. The earliest domesticated dog found in China is at the early Neolithic (7000-5800 BC) Jiahu site in Henan Province. European Mesolithic sites like Skateholm (5250-3700 BC) in Sweden have dog burials, proving the value of the furry beasts to hunter-gatherer settlements. Danger Cave in Utah is the earliest case of dog burial in the Americas, at about 11,000 years ago. "
"Wild potato species occur from the United States to Uruguay and Peru.[2] Genetic testing of the wide variety of cultivars and wild species suggest that the potato has a single origin in the area of southern Peru,[3] from a species in the Solanum brevicaule complex. Although Peru is essentially the birthplace of the potato, today over 99% of all cultivated potatoes worldwide are descendants of a subspecies indigenous to south-central Chile.[4] Based on historical records, local agriculturalists, and DNA analyses, the most widely cultivated variety worldwide, Solanum tuberosum ssp. tuberosum, is believed to be indigenous to the Chilo? Archipelago where it was cultivated as long as 10,000 years ago.[5][6]"
 > It is absolutely not sure
 > that autonomous communities would choose to totally abolish manual work.
Sure, to the extent it is fun, why would they? But it it is not fun, then it can be rethought.
   "The Abolition of Work" by Bob Black
   Subject to how generally there are aspects of work that can be positive in promoting community and character:
  "Buddhist Economics"
  Lots of people like to garden, raise dogs, tend flocks of goats, and so on, because it can be fun and interesting and can help others.
Hunter/Gatherers had a lot of fun too, as long as the work is occasional and    Consider the Cuba of today. Is Cuba not going to automate something that is very tedious because it is "socialist"? If Cuba had more resources, I'd expect it to automate things that were unpleasant *faster* than in the USA where obviously exploiting workers is more acceptable. Granted, one might argue aspects of any hierarchical society, including Cuba, may be dysfunctional in practice, but as far as ideology goes, you'd expect socialist and communist countries to automate as quickly as possible, as long as they are not trapped in some notion of "make work" because they believe in a need of a link between work and a right to consume (as in the USA). (And some might, for political reasons.)
My version of the famous slogan: "From each according to his or her abilities and interests; to each according to his or her needs and reasonable wants".
 > It is totally legitimate that communities or countries would choose
 > industrious development paths preserving and augmenting direct human
 > involvement in material production.
Sure. See also "The Skills of Xanadu" for a notion of enjoyable manual labor:
   Or Charles Fourier:
   Or here:
   "The Case for Working With Your Hands "
   (Note, despite the title, the point there is you are working with *both* your mind and your hands, not as a mindless robot doing repetitive labor).
Or here:
   "Blue Collar Independent Scholar"
Or, as above, Bob Black.
 > For example, an agricultural community may want to preserve its
 > traditional ways of life ? and that is a freedom we want everybody to have.
But, with the above said on the joys and benefits of manual labor, a lot of agricultural labor exploits women historically, so they might have a lot to say about that.  :-) Although often they feel they have no voice. :-( Or change is too risky (going to a city and getting exploited or worse there).
  "The Autonomous Grape-Vine Pruner"
"A robot with a sophisticated vision system and sophisticated arms is able to prune grape vines on a twig-by-twig basis."
   "Cucumber Pickers of Belarus"
   where ten people are laying in the equipment a tractor pulls (at personal risk and stress).
There are reasons farming is one of the most dangerous occupations. Those people don't look too happy. It is ironic both the robot video and the cucumber picker video end with a bunch of men standing around admiring the technology. :-) But in the first one, the robots do the work; in the other, mainly women do the work it seems.
Mentioned here by me:
  This is, in general, a large issue with very complex politics, how communities want to change, who gets to make these decisions, and so on. And it trades off the joy many get from preserving patterns important to them against other joys in life. It's a hard problem.
 > Maybe we can say that our contacts with local activist communities have
 > made us aware that the identification with post-scarcity thinking is
 > politically problematic ? in particular the image of the ?magical
 > technical fix?.
I think both Michel and Franz are correct in identifying aspects of "post-scarcity" that are not aligned with social-justice etc, especially of the Kurzweil-ian/libertarian flavor that tends to get the most media attention.
But there are other thoughts on this, like James Hughes' "democratic    Then there is as well as my own different take on it, like my recent post about "No Time for the Singularity":
So, it is more complex than thinking all people talking about post-scarcity themes have a unified perspective. I myself tend to not identify with a lot of transhumanist themes, even if there is some overlap, but as someone whose done graduate work in Ecology&Evolution, historically, I know nature abhors a vaccuum, and space is a big vacuum. :-)
But this is a common thing to happen, that within the community one is in, it is easy to see the diversity, but within another group you hear about you just see one thing. On FastForward Radio, in one episode, Joseph Jackson talks about "The Fundamental Attribution" error in relation to that:
   However, that does not mean Michel and Franz are not correct in some sense in building a strategy based on common perceptions of a post-scarcity movement. I'm just pointing this issue out.
 > We do not want to stop the dialogue, but we would like to make clear that
 > no consensus can be assumed on that - and as a movement we do not want to
 > be identified with it.
Well, fair enough. Again, I don't want to be identified as a "trashumanist" for similar reasons, many go way too far IMHO, especially of the Kurzweil-ian libertarian direction, even though there is some overlap. James Hughes in the link above makes an interesting 3D graph with different issues on different axis. Though even that does not capture all the diversity of various possibilities (one might, say, be a transhumanist but still anti-abortion/pro-life and against foetal stem cell use for that reason).
 > It is not a central message, it is merely the hope
 > of some, of people that we do respect but also who carry a much stronger
 > burden of proof.
 > People who make extraordinary claims are bound more than
 > others to show practical implementations.
 > All the material we have in the P2P wiki are actually existing projects
 > and it is out of the observation of these existing social practises that
 > we draw our conclusions.
There is a central problem here. It is the same in AI research. People are all Googling stuff now like "why there is not AI",
   without realizing Google is, by 1950s standards, one of the most amazing AIs one could have imagined. :-) Essentially, anything computers can do now is deemed "not AI". Chess playing use to be considered AI. Now computers can beat chess grandmasters, but now chess is no longer considered AI. Speech recognition was once AI, now almost any mobile phone has voice dialing, so speech recognition is not AI anymore. Pattern recognition was once AI, now you can buy a $1000 or so device to stick on an assembly line somewhere to be trained to spot bad parts visually, but that's not AI anymore. Those things are now just "technology" we expect to work the way we want it to. Granted, "strong AI" eludes us, perhaps fortunately, but see, we hand even then to make up a new term to exclude everything that works. :-)
   Soon having a conversation won't be considered "strong AI", as many speech systems can do that in restricted problem domains.
So, the same thing applies to post-scarcity technology, to a lesser degree. People for decades like Doug Engelbart, Alan Kay, Stewart Brand, and others had hopes that better communication tools (the internet and personal computers) and better energy technology (wind and solar) and better design (simulation) would make the world a better place, including socially. Now that we have those technologies, it is easy to think, well, those are not "post-scarcity" technologies of abundance. It is now nanotech 3D printing that is post-scarcity, not computer-designed windmills or Nanosolar PV panels or computer controlled reverse osmosis water filters or whatever. Those existing things are now just "technology". Printing solar panels cheaper than coal? That's just the way it is...
   "Printing Solar Panels"
   So, windmills, solar panels, water filters, and so on are not considered "proof" of abundance theory. :-)
They are just proof of the status-quo now. :-)
 > STRATEGY
 > P2P is operating in a world which is characterised by 2 main factors,
 > mostly wrongly perceived:
 > - Scarcity of natural resources, which is increasingly accelerated by a
 > dysfunctional mode of production and is putting us into ever more serious
 > planetary management problems.
Except aluminum used to cost more than platinum and gold. But now we throw aluminum away. Explain that? Example:
   "Before the Hall-H?roult process was developed, aluminium was exceedingly difficult to extract from its various ores. This made pure aluminium more valuable than gold. Bars of aluminium were exhibited alongside the French crown jewels at the Exposition Universelle of 1855, and Napoleon III was said to have reserved a set of aluminium dinner plates for his most honoured See also:
   One explaination:
      Julian Simon: The facts are fundamental.
   Garrett Hardin: The facts are not fundamental. The theory is fundamental. - from a 1982 debate with the UC Santa Barbara biologist The doomslayer-doomsayer debate, Simon thinks, is an opposition between fact and bad theory, a case of empirical reality versus abstract principles that purport to define the way things work but don't.
   "It's the difference," he says, "between a speculative analysis of what must happen versus my empirical analysis of what has happened over the long sweep of history."
   The paradox is that those abstract principles and speculative analyses seem so very logical and believable, whereas the facts themselves, the story of what has happened, appear wholly illogical and impossible to explain. After all, people are fruitful and they multiply but the stores of raw materials in the earth's crust certainly don't, so how can it be possible that, as the world's population doubles, the price of raw materials is cut in half?
   It makes no sense. Yet it has happened. So there must be an explanation.
   And there is: resources, for the most part, don't grow on trees. People produce them, they create them, whether it be food, factories, machines, new technologies, or stockpiles of mined, refined, and purified raw materials.
   "Resources come out of people's minds more than out of the ground or air," says Simon. "Minds matter economically as much as or more than hands or mouths. Human beings create more than they use, on average. It had to be so, or we would be an extinct species."
   The defect of the Malthusian models, superficially plausible but invariably wrong, is that they leave the human mind out of the equation. "These models simply do not comprehend key elements of people - the imaginative and creative."
   As for the future, "This is my long-run forecast in brief," says Simon. "The material conditions of life will continue to get better for most people, in most countries, most of the time, indefinitely. Within a century or two, all nations and most of humanity will be at or above today's Western living standards.
So, you are IMHO making a fundamentally flawed assumption with no empirical evidence. That's not to say making predictions is not useful. But they should be predictions based on the obvious observable facts. Exponential growth is an observable fact. Printed solar panels as well as green leaves are observable facts. Space travel and Bioshere II are observable facts. Artificial islands in the sea are observable facts. And so on...
For example, let's look at some facts. Macau has a population density of about 19000 people per square kilometer, the highest in the world. (The USA has 31 people per square kilometer, Belgium has 341).
But even in that worst case in the entire planet,
   that is 19 people per 1000 square meters, or about one person per 50 square An area of 50 square meters is about enough space to grow enough about a third the food for one person of a good diet.
"Development and research program for a soil-based bioregenerative agriculture system to feed a four person crew at a Mars base"
So, there is some pressure there, but not as much as one might suppose.
At 30% conversion efficiency, and 1/6 average of peak, it is about 2.5kW continuous solar power. That is about what a person needs for a US lifestyle done energy efficiently.
What is the weight of the top ten meters of soil under 50 square meters (500 cubic meters of dirt and rock)? Soil weight about 1000 kg per cubic meters; rock twice that or more. So, that is about half a million kg of matter do do stuff with per person. Cars weigh about 1000 kg. So that is the weight of one thousand cars. You want more than than, dig deeper. :-) Or process seawater from the China sea.
So, even in Macau, the worst possible place in terms of resource scarcity related to population density, there can be plenty of power, plenty of food (admittedly, some would be imported), plenty of matter to build stuff in the Earth's crust:
   And then there is the ocean and outer space...
However, since the human body only uses about 100 watts of power, if one could convert electricity to glucose directly, assuming a 35% conversion there would be enough energy there to support about ten times the current population in Maccau, off only local sunlight converted to glucose. :-)
Again, note that the population density of Macau is 50 times that of Belgium, and 5000 times that of the USA. I'm just picking the most extreme case I can to prove a point, that there is plenty of resources to go around if we use them with imagination. Really, the deeper issue is, what kind of communities do we want to build? What kinds of lives and relationships do people want to have?
 > We are in friendly terms with the
 > environmental movement(s) that adresses these issues and becomes more
 > practical every day (renewables, solar, distributed energy...)
There is, as James Hughes points out, an unfortunate confluence of many aspects of the green movement and an anti-technology bias. There are many good reasons for it, of course. But it is a problem area:
   The Estrangement of Technology and the Left
So why did these two strains of thought become estranged in the late 20th century? Why are so many contemporary social democrats, feminists, and Greens suspicious and hostile to biotechnologies, computers and science in general? The answer probably starts with the left-romantic traditions that grew up in reaction to modern technology. William Morris? pastoralist visions of a deindustrialized socialism, Luddite machine-wrecking by the proto-worker?s movement, and absorption into pseudo-science, spiritualism and back-to-land communalism by bohemian radicals were all reactions to capitalism. The romantics and Luddites associated technology with capitalism, and thought that they could create a healthier, more egalitarian society only by fighting the new technologies. In fact, in the Communist Manifesto Marx and Engels specifically warns against clerical, aristocratic and petit-bourgeois socialists who advance pastoralism and pre-industrial production as the cure to social ills.
   But it wasn?t until World War Two that the generally tight association of the Left with science, technology and reason began to be superceded by the romantic tradition. Left interest in re-engineering the nature of Man was silenced by Nazi eugenics. The gas chambers revealed that modern technology could be used by a modern state for horrific uses, and the atomic bomb posed a permanent technological threat to humanity?s existence. The ecological movement suggested that industrial activity was threatening all life on the planet, while the anti-nuclear power movement inspired calls for renunciation of specific types of technology altogether. The counter-culture attacked positivism, and lauded pre-industrial ways of life. While the progressives and New Dealers had built the welfare state to be a tool of reason and social justice, the New Left joined cultural conservatives and free-market libertarians in attacking it as a stultifying tool of oppression, contributing to the general decline in faith in democratic    Intellectual trends such as deconstruction began to cast doubt on the ?master narratives? of political and scientific progress, while cultural relativism eroded progressives? faith that industrialized secular liberal democracies were in fact superior to pre-industrial and Third World societies. As the Left gave up on the idea of a sexy, high-tech vision of a radically democratic future, libertarians became associated with technological progress. Techno-enthusiasm on the Left was supplanted by pervasive Luddite suspicion about the products of the corporate consumerist machine. Celebrating technology was something GE and IBM did in TV ads to cover up their complicity in napalming babies. Activists fight the machine.
So, just be careful, considering that history, of forming technology policy based on association with some in the environmental movement (however well meaning). It's a big set of social problems. But it's not clear to me many Greens and some others have a well-thought-through cohesive position on technology. They are right to criticize specific technologies and specific infrastructures, but, remember, dogs and corn and potatoes and rice are some of the most advanced biotech we've come up with to-date. Do they suggest going back to having wolves as family pets instead of dogs, or going back to tiny plant yields from pre-human cultivars? Probably not -- wolves are unpredictable, and small potatoes are, well, small potatoes. :-) So, Greens need to think through their position on technology better IMHO.
 > - Our own priority as P2P movement is adressing the second factor, which
 > is the enclosure of the intellectual and scientific and cultural commons
 > which is being addressed by the ?Open Everything Movements?.
And that's a good thing. And it's fair to limit one's focus.
Still, even as Wendel Berry suggests, lots of things need to get reconsidered:
   "In Distrust of Movements"
What we must do above all, I think, is try to see the problem in its full size and difficulty. If we are concerned about land abuse, then we must see that this is an economic problem. Every economy is, by definition, a land-using economy. If we are using our land wrongly, then something is wrong with our economy. This is difficult. It becomes more difficult when we recognize that, in modern times, every one of us is a member of the economy of everybody else.
   But if we are concerned about land abuse, we have begun a profound work of economic criticism. Study of the history of land use (and any local history will do) informs us that we have had for a long time an economy that thrives by undermining its own foundations. Industrialism, which is the name of our economy, and which is now virtually the only economy of the world, has been from its beginnings in a state of riot. It is based squarely upon the principle of violence toward everything on which it depends, and it has not mattered whether the form of industrialism was communist or capitalist or whatever; the violence toward nature, human communities, traditional agricultures and local economies has been constant. The bad news is coming in, literally, from all over the world. Can such an economy be fixed without being radically changed? I don?t think it can.
   The Captains of Industry have always counselled the rest of us to be ?realistic?. Let us, therefore, be realistic. Is it realistic to assume that the present economy would be just fine if only it would stop poisoning the air and water, or if only it would stop soil erosion, or if only it would stop degrading watersheds and forest ecosystems, or if only it would stop seducing children, or if only it would quit buying politicians, or if only it would give women and favoured minorities an equitable share of the loot? Realism, I think, is a very limited programme, but it informs us at least that we should not look for bird eggs in a cuckoo clock.
   OR WE CAN SHOW the hopelessness of single-issue causes and single-issue movements by following a line of thought such as this: We need a continuous supply of uncontaminated water. Therefore, we need (among other things) soil-and-water-conserving ways of agriculture and forestry that are not dependent on monoculture, toxic chemicals, or the indifference and violence that always accompany big-scale industrial enterprises on the land.
   Therefore, we need diversified, small-scale land economies that are dependent on people. Therefore, we need people with the knowledge, skills, motives and attitudes required by diversified, small-scale land economies. And all this is clear and comfortable enough, until we recognize the question we have come to: Where are the people? ...
I don't agree entirely with Wendel Berry's conclusion -- for example, cities actually can be tremendously more sustainable environmentally in some ways, doing things more efficiently, but still, he's right that we need to rethink a lot of things. And we need educated people (not "schooled" people).
By the way, Jane Jacobs might suggest that as long as places like villages end up as city supply regions, and subject to the powers of the cities, it is the cities that might be in most need of ideological reform.
One can't deny that as long as villages are co-dependant economically with cities, if cities can produce cheap products of all sorts, villages will have a tough time surviving producing those same products if their markets are open to city competition (now easy through the internet). Villages could move to entirely self-sufficiency, but they risk either becoming isolated like North Korea, or they need to invent a very advanced village technology that is as capable of producing what people want and need at prices comparable to city prices. Maybe they can be somewhat higher due to convenience and security and self-determination, but not ten times or a hundred times higher for most things.
This, is, in general, a problem ever economic actor around the globe is facing right now as technology changes exponentially in many areas. Eventually the rate of core technological change in some areas may settle down as an S-curve, but right now, it is fast and hard to follow change.
Anyway, a village technology is an interesting question, but if it does not start from the premise of being about as good as what can be found in cities now in most areas, as well as taking in account ongoing changes, it will just be rejected ultimately, IMHO. A few might embrace any specific infrastructure ideologically, as a form of "voluntary simplicity" like the Amish, but somehow I doubt most will -- unless we have a global mindshift and even most of those in the cities long for something different in some ways.
Now, we may have that mindshift. We don't need as many fancy gadgets in some ways. But the core issues impacting most people are things like "work" and "compulsory school", and unless those are on the table for change, going up or down in gadgetry won't change most people's lives that significantly IMHO, even if some people might live longer in some scenarios with the right Even the Amish adopt newer technologies, but in a more thoughtful way than most of us, IMHO, considering the impact on their sense of community. :-) So, perhaps we are talking about transitioning villages to an intentional community lifestyle similar to the Amish in some ways? I can't say that is entirely a bad thing. But even the Amish survive in part because people in the larger world around them who like them work to protect their interests at that level [like legal actions). But even in the Amish case, a nuclear war would destroy the Amish same as the rest of society. So, it is a choice with various ramifications, of what one wants to be engaged in or not engaged in. One might even argue the Amish do their part to prevent nuclear war by providing a good example. :-)
So, anyway, when you start talking about the *specifics* of what should be in those commonses, then you have to wrestle with these issues.
 > Opening up
 > the realm of ideas and allowing the massive collaboration of the general
 > intellect of the world is an essential condition of mastering the
 > ecological crisis and to the fulfillment of the better promises and
 > achievements of our civilisation through the building of a new
 > civilisation or rather new culture.
Well, yes and no. I mean, yes I want to believe that. :-) But, in practice, consider Cuba or China:
   "Our One-Party Democracy "
   Watching both the health care and climate/energy debates in Congress, it is hard not to draw the following conclusion: There is only one thing worse than one-party autocracy, and that is one-party democracy, which is what we have in America today.
   One-party autocracy certainly has its drawbacks. But when it is led by a reasonably enlightened group of people, as China is today, it can also have great advantages. That one party can just impose the politically difficult but critically important policies needed to move a society forward in the 21st century. It is not an accident that China is committed to overtaking us in electric cars, solar power, energy efficiency, batteries, nuclear power and wind power. China?s leaders understand that in a world of exploding populations and rising emerging-market middle classes, demand for clean power and energy efficiency is going to soar. Beijing wants to make sure that it owns that industry and is ordering the policies to do that, including boosting gasoline prices, from the top down.
   Our one-party democracy is worse. The fact is, on both the energy/climate legislation and health care legislation, only the Democrats are really playing. With a few notable exceptions, the Republican Party is standing, arms folded and saying ?no.? Many of them just want President Obama to fail. Such a waste. Mr. Obama is not a socialist; he?s a centrist. But if he?s forced to depend entirely on his own party to pass legislation, he will be whipsawed by its different factions. ...
Now, of course I am all for peer activities towards sustainability. But as Manuel de Landa suggests, every real system is some synthesis of meshworks and hierarchies.
As I pointed out in my previous post "No time for the singularity", there are still more than enough nuclear bombs to wipe everyone out in a short time. One will not see threats like that diminish without either getting off the planet or bringing big governments back under some sort of humane control (as Freeman Dyson suggested, starting to see WMDs like nukes as an absolute moral evil like slavery, not a practical necessity, again as slavery used to be seen).
 > But there is a third necessary factor that is crucial for a thrivable
 > solution which would allow for further human evolution:  without true
 > active participation of all in the design and production of our material
 > life, without the involvement of the majority of human beings into the
 > effort to find a new social contract, we will not be able to reach the
 > goals of a better life on this planet.
Again, I'd really like to believe that. But the fact is, while most people might be followers if they saw some sense in it, most people are too busy dealing with work and compulsory schooling (and child-rearing) to give much thought to it.
The fact is, technologically, we can rethink our infrastructure by bringing together what millions of people have already developed and improved. This may only take the work of some core thousands of people at first. Sure, deploying it is an issue, as is refining it. But, for example, plenty of people know how to make better-insulated homes that don't need furnaces yet don't get moldy.
So, there is plenty to draw from.
But sure, socially, you are right. We could use a global mindshift:
   And we also could use more appropriate technology (and that doesn't mean crude technology). And we could use better ways to do local subsistence production. And we could use more of a gift economy (even if just digitally). And we could use a basic income and universal health care, to deal with market failures. Except maybe for the last, we don't entirely "need" those if we had less corruption and self-dealing in government, but all would help, especially given corruption and self-dealing in government.
But, when you play through those trends, if we got all those things, I think you end up at a post-scarcity society IMHO. It doesn't mean you end up where Ray Kurzweil envisions us in his techno-libertarian paradise designed by him for his own ends with a slave AI genie that fulfills his every whim, but there are many, many alternative visions by many writers. James P. Hogan has some. Ursula K. Le Guin has some. Iain Banks has some. There are many others.
At least, for me, perhaps most simply it comes down to looking at something like this video Ryan posted and, seriously, thinking about what this means for the value of most human labor real soon now:
   "Advanced Robot hand and arm"
Seriously, take a look at that video and then reread your position statement. I'm not saying it will make you change it, but it will show it in a new light, as being about choices.
Ursula K. Le Guin has that theme in many books, about choices and serving a Still, we can talk all we want about saving villages or whatever, but if human labor is soon worthless, how are the villagers going to pay their property taxes? Or buy stuff in the market? Or afford medical care in the USA?
They just won't be able to do any of that, as long as there is a link between having a job and having a right to consume. As was said in 1964:
      "The continuance of the income-through jobs link as the only major mechanism for distributing effective demand?for granting the right to consume?now acts as the main brake on the almost unlimited capacity of a cybernated productive system."
So, we are making some choices about how we want to see things.
And we are even making choices about what sort of little mini-economies we want to allow to persist (like with tax policies or other regulations).
 > Therefore P2P has to join forces
 > with the third mass movement on this planet, which could roughly be
 > characterized as the social justice movement, involving the struggles of
 > workers, farmers, entrepreneurs and knowledge workers.
Sure. It's a good idea. Same as I said in the "No time for the singularity" post. Ray Kurzweil doesn't see it that way in general (being economically libertarian and heavily rewarded for being a CEO of a capitalistic enterprise). But I agree those things should link up.
But you still can't deny that robot video. That's stuff in the lab now (that is in Japan), But there are versions outside the lab. You have to see that economically it makes sense to deploy it as it improves -- even in *China*. Then where does that leave everyone whose livelihood depends on "work" instead of "capital"? A race to the bottom for wages, as has already been happening in the USA with offshoring and increasing automation.
   "US families turn to food stamps as wages drop"
   The jobs are not coming back IMHO. We're going to see massive structural changes before this is over (as Marshal Brain suggests). To make plans outside of that trend seems to invite the plans being out of touch with major trends and so more likely not to succeed.
 > We currenly see a strategic convergence of these three movements and we
 > think it is our own responsibility to help make it happen.
Make "what" happen? What is "it"?
That is the issue. There is not just one "it". From:
   Paul Hawken has spent over a decade researching organizations dedicated to restoring the environment and fostering social justice.
 From billion-dollar nonprofits to single-person dot.causes, these groups collectively comprise the largest movement on earth, a movement that has no name, leader, or location, and that has gone largely ignored by politicians and the media. Like nature itself, it is organizing from the bottom up, in every city, town, and culture. and is emerging to be an extraordinary and creative expression of people's needs worldwide.
   Blessed Unrest explores the diversity of the movement, its brilliant ideas, innovative strategies, and hidden history, which date back many centuries. A culmination of Hawken's many years of leadership in the environmental and social justice fields, it will inspire and delight any and all who despair of the world's fate, and its conclusions will surprise even those within the movement itself. Fundamentally, it is a description of humanity's collective genius, and the unstoppable movement to reimagine our relationship to the environment and one another.
So, that both supports what you are talking about, but also in a sense undermines it as far as a sense of "responsibility". :-)
"Think globally, act locally, plan modestly". (Renee Dubois)
Now, that may be hard advice to follow when you lead an organization about creating movements in a socially entrepreneur way like for Franz and Michel. :-) They are our one-in-ten-million:
   "It doesn't happen that often. There is only 1 social entrepreneur for every 10 million of the rest of us, according to calculations of Ashoka, an organization that funds social entrepreneurs around the world. Ashoka founder Bill Drayton bases his calculations on nearly 30 years' worth of seeking out the elusive combination of vision and passion that social entrepreneurs put into practice. "The core defining element is that they simply cannot come to rest ... until their dream has become a new pattern across all of society," says Mr. Drayton. "This is very different from everyone else: the scholar or the artist expresses an idea, and they're happy. The manager ... make[s] the company work. The social worker, the professional help people ... make their lives better. None of that would remotely satisfy the social entrepreneur. Their job is to change the system.""
I don't want to discourage you. I'm more in the scholar or artist category myself (if that), happy enough to put out some ideas. We need social entrepreneurs. Entrepreneur away. :-)
Still, these trends are just something to think about, how to best be part of all the "blessed unrest".
 > We believe that
 > a perceived identification between P2P and post scarcity is counter to
 > that goal, because post-scarcity is intentionally ignoring important
 > issues raised by the other two movements, i.e. the ecological and social
 > justice movement.
Well, again, you are painting a large set of thoughts about abundance and post-scarcity with a broad brush. And it is mostly justified, but not entirely.
Still, as I said at the start, I could see how you might want to do that strategically, especially given that Ray Kurzweil and things like the Singularity University and others have dominated the media on this, coming from a libertarian perspective.
So, I certainly understand where you are coming from. I don't like a lot of things Kurzweil etc. say either. :-) But I am in the minority there.
As is, to some degree, someone like James Hughes with his own approach, in a minority there:
   Democratic transhumanism, a term coined by Dr. James Hughes in 2002, refers to the stance of transhumanists (advocates for the development and use of human enhancement technologies) who espouse liberal, social and/or radical democratic political views.[1][2][3][4]
   According to Hughes, the ideology "stems from the assertion that human beings will generally be happier when they take rational control of the natural and social forces that control their lives."[2]The ethical foundation of democratic transhumanism rests upon rule utilitarianism and non-anthropocentric personhood theory.[5]
   While raising objections both to right-wing and left-wing bioconservatism, and libertarian transhumanism, Hughes aims to encourage democratic transhumanists and their potential progressive allies to unite as a new social movement and influence biopolitical public policy.[2][4]
   An attempt to expand the middle ground between technorealism and techno-utopianism, democratic transhumanism can be seen as a radical form of See also:
  Techno-progressivism, technoprogressivism, tech-progressivism or techprogressivism (a portmanteau combining "technoscience-focused" and "progressivism") is a stance of active support for the convergence of technological change and social change. Techno-progressives argue that technological developments can be profoundly empowering and emancipatory when they are regulated by legitimate democratic and accountable authorities to ensure that their costs, risks and benefits are all fairly shared by the actual stakeholders to those developments.[1][2]
It's hard to find commonality sometimes. People have limited time. To be clear, I'm not saying your position is unreasonable. I can see a lot of sense in it from some perspectives. I'm just saying that you are making some of those choices based on assumptions which may or may not bear out.
 > Michel Bauwens, P2P Foundation
 > Franz Nahrada, Global Villages Network
All the best.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-13 20:27:45
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More Bubble Trouble? | zero hedge 
"More Bubble Trouble?"
   "A lot has happened in the markets in the last eight years, but one thing
remains constant, greed and fear. In my last post looking at whether the
recovery will mirror the decline, I concluded that all the liquidity in the
system will ensure another bubble and we all know that asset bubbles do not
end well. But what are the bubbles in the making? Lawrence Delevingne
reporting for the Business Insider blog recently wrote on Ten Bubbles in the
Making: ..."
Just musing over whether I want to earn seven figures as a quant. :-)
Not saying where the decimal point is or the pay period on those seven
figures I might make is a typical numerical and statistical trickery as I
try to shift mental gears to get a taste of that life. :-)
"Incorporating Human Behavior Into Wall Street Mathematical Models"
"After watching the stock market struggle for the past year, financial
experts from Wall Street and academia are putting more effort into bringing
behavioral modeling into their complex financial calculations. "The risk
models proved myopic, they say, because they were too simple-minded. They
focused mainly on figures like the expected returns and the default risk of
financial instruments. What they didn't sufficiently take into account was
human behavior, specifically the potential for widespread panic." Analysts
are looking at research from other fields to supplement the hard mathematics
of risk assessment. "Financial markets, like online communities, are social
networks. Researchers are looking at whether the mechanisms and models being
developed to explore collective behavior on the Web can be applied to
financial markets." Another avenue they're exploring is how we react to the
spread of disease. Jon M. Kleinberg, a computer scientist at Cornell, said,
"The hope is to take this understanding of contagion and use it as a
perspective on how rapid changes of behavior can spread through complex
networks at work in financial markets.""
 From the article:
Financial markets, like online communities, are social networks. Researchers
are looking at whether the mechanisms and models being developed to explore
collective behavior on the Web can be applied to financial markets. A team
of six economists, finance experts and computer scientists at Cornell was
recently awarded a grant from the National Science Foundation to pursue that
goal. ... ?Good or bad, moral or immoral, people are going to make markets
and trade via computers, and this is a natural area of financial engineers,?
says Emanuel Derman, a professor at Columbia University and a former Wall
Street quant.
But one of the reasons I did not do to well in the Princeton PhD program in
OR & Statistics in the 1980s that produced so many quant types of people for
the global financial industry is that I thought it was all so bogus and
fraught with various risk. :-) (I actually did not go there for that, but
the finance people dominated there for a few reasons, unfortunately.) Though
that was more an intuitive feel; only later at the IBM Speech group in the
1990s (where the staff was constantly being poached by Wall Street as the
mathematical models are similar) over lunches did I learn the dirtier side
of the models and why the would fail eventually. And it is exactly how they
did -- "picking up nickels in front of the steam roller" as Warren Buffet
and others said -- you get a good annual return using someone else's money
until it all falls apart, but you get your good paycheck until the party is
over. And even then, as we just saw, the government then socializes all the
risk to pay out the winners in the last iteration of gambling, but leaves
the gains in private hands.
Anyway, so clearly, it seems the p2presearch list with all this knowledge of
social networks is perhaps about to be poached by Wall Street. :-)
Still, it's been said, the lowest point in someone's life is not when you
go to sell out, but when you go to sell out and nobody is buying. :-)
But see also, as funds pick themselves up from the recent disaster:
   "Momo Quant Shops Hiring, No Prior Finance Experience Necessary"
One difference then is that in the 1980s at PU I still thought free market
capitalism made some moral sense and one might approach it with more hope
for making it work well. Now that I think the whole thing as far as the
numbers is mostly (not entirely) a collapsing sham built around play money
bubbles (again, with some exceptions like green energy), with none of the
issues of externalities or systemic risks or wealth concentration being
controlled given a massive failure of government, I feel somewhat
differently about participating in it. :-)
But sadly, I don't have much of a choice of participating in the market yet;
and even those with huge amounts of capital still have to make choices as to
where to put it.
Anyway, so, say I help Jane Street turn a billion dollars into trillions of dollars. What does in matter at this point, given I expect most rationing to come to an end within twenty years from the success of RepRap-like devices, from printed solar panels, and from peer-to-peer construction of free commonses, and a bunch of other things? I'm sure there is stuff that could go wrong, of course. Not sure what exactly. I guess I'd get sidelined pushing numbers around -- that's the big loss as I see it. But, it might do more good to ship money off to charities eventually, or invest in renewable energy companies? And it's not clear I have much more to say than what I have already said.
And, it would at least be a notch up from these scammers: :-)
   "stories abound about landlords collecting rent just before, during, and
after forclosure. on many condos they're also not paying the association
fees, just pocketing the dough because they know they're going to loose the
place anyway. i've even heard about alot of people renting out
empty/foreclosed places they never even owned to begin with- they just
stroll into the bldg, find keys or make keys, and put an ad on craigslist.
the banks, bld security, and neighbors are none the wiser. some enterprising
'landlords' are renting multiple units and collecting many thousands per month."
This was funny as well, also at that link: :-)
Houses can be bought using conventional investment valuation criteria, but I
think it would be a mistake to overlook the simple fact that men buy houses
at whatever price simply to keep peace in the household, under the "if mama
ain't happy, ain't nobody happy" rule.  (I see you all saying "amen to that"
out there.)  I have joked with my fellow matrimonial inmates how a very
serious argument can be made that the bubble was due to the availability of
credit but also the overwhelming need of wives to move up in the pecking
order, as willing gatherers of "more stuff" with whihc to feather the nest.
   Left alone, men would live in trailers, wear old jeans and stained
T-shirts, have a very expensive cable TV setup, and drink beer. Not much of
a consumer society there.
Of course, that's stereotypical and not always true. :-) But it is an
example of "the psychology of bubbles" that hedge funds and others are
thinking about hiring people to analyze. :-)
Although they could do well just hiring Jim Stanford:
   Step 2: Accept that all our efforts to explain the world have failed.  The
'market' is the holiest symbol in all of economics. It's magically automatic
and efficient. And supply always equals demand. The whole profession of
mainstream, 'neoclassical' economics is dedicated to the study of markets
and how they can be perfected. The problem, however, is that in real life
these idealized 'markets' don't explain much at all. Powerful non-market
forces determine most of what happens in the economy - things like
tradition, demographics, class, gender and race, geography, and
institutions. Indeed, what we call the 'market' is itself a complex,
historically constructed social institution - not some autonomous, inanimate
forum. Power and position are at least as important to economics, as supply
and demand.
Anyway, the general trend on jobs is, as I say, down, down, down, due to
automation and improved design and limited demand. But, that does not mean
there are not minor counter trends, at least for individuals occasionally.
If I found a job in CT, then homeschooling laws are easier there too. :-)
These people are interesting, but not in CT:
   Their claimed policies are interesting from a p2p point of view, too: :-)
   The Jane Street workplace is organized to nurture and liberate the
intellectual energy of the people who work here. We eliminate the obstacles
that rein in creativity: no hierarchy, no dress code, no politics. Rewards
and responsibilities come not from "face time" or "putting in long hours,"
but from working effectively in a team, developing new ideas and insights,
acting effectively under pressure, serving as a leader and mentor. Many
firms that develop trading strategies lock in employees with restrictive
contracts. Our philosophy is to establish an environment in which people
will choose to stay and flourish. We view our employees not as opponents in
a game, but as partners in a quest.
Anyway, just musing. Not sending out resumes yet. :-)
Feel free to comment, even along these lines: :-)
   "The Three Temptations of Christ"
   Although no doubt stuff like this might be more appropriate in my case: :-)
   "After taking Elliott to her nightclub in Oakland in her black Lamborghini Diablo, the devil gets Elliott to sign her substantial contract, and delivers his further wishes: He wishes to be rich and powerful, with Alison as his wife. The Devil makes him a Colombian Drug Lord whose wife despises him and is having an affair with her language tutor - pointing out that he never wished for Alison to be in love with him - and whose business partners are about to double-cross and murder him. ..."
I've also been exploring what goes into Medicaid eligibility and getting
food stamps. :-)
But, I'd still rather work out something open sourcey in-between, like a
service offering related to the Pointrel system. :-)
An interesting biography, by the way, about what it took to be an 1800s
social change agent:
   "Karl Heinrich Marx was born in Trier, in the Kingdom of Prussia's Province
of the Lower Rhine. ... Marx's parents had him educated at home until the
age of thirteen. ... Karl Marx married Jenny von Westphalen, the educated
daughter of a Prussian baron, on June 19, 1843 in the Pauluskirche at Bad
Kreuznach. Marx and Jenny had seven children but due to poverty only three
survived to adulthood ... Marx generally lived a hand-to-mouth existence,
forever at the limits of his resources, although this did to some extent
depend upon his spending on relatively bourgeois luxuries, which he felt
were necessities for his wife and children given their social status and the
mores of the time. ... In London Marx devoted himself to two activities:
revolutionary organizing, and an attempt to understand political economy and
capitalism. ... Given the repeated failures and frustrations of workers'
revolutions and movements, Marx also sought to understand capitalism, and
spent a great deal of time in the British Library studying and reflecting on
the works of political economists and on economic data. By 1857 he had
accumulated over 800 pages of notes and short essays on capital, landed
property, wage labour, the state, foreign trade and the world market; this
work however did not appear in print until 1941, under the title Grundrisse.
... During the last decade of his life [age 54 to 64], Marx's health
declined and he became incapable of the sustained effort that had
characterized his previous work. He did manage to comment substantially on
contemporary politics, particularly in Germany and Russia. ...
I'm mid forties, so by Marxian standards, I've got about ten years left of
good work, and a less than 50/50 chance my one child survives. :-( But, it's
one hundred fifty years later, so obviously, some things have changed. So, I
can try to be more hopeful. :-)
What a weird world -- that such minor choices as where to work, essentially
doing the same thing in each case of three cases (computer programming and
data analysis often about economic and cultural issues) can make such a huge
difference in personal income and wealth.
A central problem of our times is IMHO both guiding and surviving the
humane collapse of the scaffolding of capitalism that surrounds a
post-scarcity and mostly peer-to-peer society yearning to grow. :-) That's a real "Trickster" thing -- but the interesting thing about Trickster is that he or she is still of this world and still has to eat. If Trickster was not of this world, the message of those stories would be very different.
      "A model of rangy, creative, but not far-fetched interpretation, in this case of a common mythological archetype, the shifty trickster. With often inspired readings of a variety of myths, including the Homeric Hymn to Hermes, North American tales of Raven and Coyote, myths of the Yoruba god Eshu and the Norse god Loki, Hyde (Art and Politics/Kenyon Coll.; The Gift, 1983) delineates some of their common themes: voracious appetite, ingenious theft, deceit, opportunism, and shamelessness. Through such themes trickster tales dramatize a mythic consciousness of accident and contingency (supplementing fate), moral ambiguity, foolishness, and transgression--in other words, the world as it is, rather than the way it may originally have been intended by the more senior gods. While careful to note that tricksters are heroes in a symbolic, imagined world and fixtures of wider polytheistic moral orders, Hyde ultimately identifies the trickster's crucial role as boundary-crosser with the provoking one often taken up by the artist in modern times."
   "Chapter One of Trickster Makes This World: Slipping the Trap of Appetite"
   The trickster myth derives creative intelligence from appetite. It begins with a being whose main concern is getting fed and it ends with the same being grown mentally swift, adept at creating and unmasking deceit, proficient at hiding his tracks and at seeing through the devices used by others to hide theirs. Trickster starts out hungry, but before long he is master of the kind of creative deception that, according to a long tradition, is a prerequisite of art. ...
   Coyote in fact and folklore, Raven and Thlokunyana in mythology--in each of these cases, trickster gets wise to the bait and is therefore all the harder to catch. The coyote who avoids a strychnined carcass is perhaps the simplest case; he does not get poisoned but he also gets nothing to eat. Raven and Thlokunyana are more cunning in this regard; they are bait-thief tricksters who separate the trap from the meat and eat the meat. Each of these tales has a predator-prey relationship in it--the fish and the fishermen, for example--but the bait thief doesn't enter directly into that oppositional eating game. A parasite or epizoon, he feeds his belly while standing just outside the conflict between hunter and hunted. From that position the bait thief becomes a kind of critic of the usual rules of the eating game and as such subverts them, so that traps he has visited lose their influence. What trapper's pride could remain unshaken once he's read Coyote's commentary?
   In all these stories, trickster must do more than feed his belly; he must do so without himself getting eaten. Trickster's intelligence springs from appetite in two ways; it simultaneously seeks to satiate hunger and to subvert all hunger not its own. This last is an important theme. In the Okanagon creation story, the Great Spirit, having told Coyote that he must show the New People how to catch salmon, goes on to say: "I have important work for you to do ... There are many bad creatures on earth. You will have to kill them, otherwise they will eat the New People. When you do this, the New People will honor you ... They will honor you for killing the People-devouring monsters and for teaching ... all the ways of living." In North America, trickster stepped in to defeat the monsters who used to feed on humans.
   The myth says, then, that there are large, devouring forces in this world, and that trickster's intelligence arose not just to feed himself but to outwit these other eaters. Typically, this meeting is oppositional--the prey outwitting the predator. The bait thief suggests a different, nonoppositional strategy. Here trickster feeds himself where predator and prey meet, but rather than entering the game on their terms he plays with its rules. Perhaps, then, another force behind trickster's cunning is the desire to remove himself from the eating game altogether, or at least see how far out he can get and still feed his belly (for if he were to stop eating entirely he would no longer be trickster).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-14 16:28:18
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A history of pirates: The New Yorker 
"A history of pirates"
(may not be available in a couple of days, so look now if you are interested).
The men who sailed with Morgan were known as buccaneers. They were French and English men who had gone native on Hispaniola, the island now occupied by Haiti and the Dominican Republic, and on Tortuga, a tiny island to the north. Their name came from a wooden frame, called a boucan by the Carib Indians, on which they smoked wild boar and cattle. They were the ones who developed the first pirate code of ethics, the Custom of the Coast, at the core of which was an explicit agreement about the sharing of booty, power, and responsibility called a chasse partie. Before attacking Panama, for instance, the buccaneers stipulated that Morgan was to get a hundredth part of the loot, with the rest divided into shares for the more than two thousand men in the expedition: each captain under Morgan was to get eight shares, and each man one share. They also allocated set-asides for professionals (two hundred pesos for each surgeon, a hundred for each carpenter), incentive payments (fifty to anyone who captured a Spanish flag, five to anyone who threw a grenade into a fort), and compensations for injury (a hundred for a lost eye, fifteen hundred for two legs). Pirates usually further agreed to maroon pilferers, to give ?good quarter? to any victim who asked, and to keep their weapons clean. Sometimes they went so far as to forbid gambling and onboard romance (?No Boy or Woman to be allowed amongst them,? one such contract read) and to restrict late-night drinking to the deck.
   Because criminal agreements have no legal force, it?s tempting to think of pirate articles as quaint?if not misguided, considering how often they showed up in court as evidence against their signatories. Leeson is at pains to show the articles as a rational choice, enabling pirates to create a voluntary association that was stable and orderly. By setting terms in advance, punishing embezzlement harshly, and keeping the pay gap between captain and men low, the articles reduced conflict over property claims. By limiting drinking and requiring clean weapons, they curbed individual behaviors that might otherwise have damaged the crew?s fighting ability. And by rewarding special achievements and providing health insurance they encouraged enthusiasm and risk-taking. The results were impressive. ?As great robbers as they are to all besides,? a sea cook observed in 1709, they ?are precisely just among themselves.? No one could join a pirate crew without swearing to the articles, which, Leeson explains, reduced what economists call the ?external costs? of decision-making?in this case, the discontent of anyone who thought them unfair, a dangerous sentiment when betrayal meant hanging. Articles also made it harder for leaders to cheat, because their public nature enabled every pirate to tell if a rule had been broken. The only rules as tough and flexible, Leeson provocatively suggests, were the covenants that founded New England?s Puritan churches.
Friendships and working relationships linked pirate society across ships. Most captains knew one another personally, and many hunted together for a spell. Through their shared culture, they refined shipboard democracy. The supreme power aboard a pirate ship was the common council, which Marcus Rediker calls a ?floating town meeting.? Whoever had sworn to the articles could vote. Captains were elected, and ate the same food as their men. Only when the ship was fighting or fleeing could a captain make decisions on his own, and he could be deposed if the crew thought him cowardly or his treatment of prisoners too cruel or too kind. In daily matters, his power was checked by that of another elected official, the quartermaster, who distributed food and booty and administered minor punishments.
   In Leeson?s opinion, there was a sound economic basis for all this democracy. Most businesses suffer from what economists call the ?principal-agent problem?: the owner doesn?t work, and the workers, not being stakeholders, lack incentives; so a certain amount of surveillance and coercion is necessary to persuade Ishmael to hunt whales instead of spending all day in his hammock with Queequeg. Pirates, by contrast, having stolen the ships they sailed, were both principals and agents; they still needed a captain but, Leeson explains, ?they didn?t require autocratic captains because there were no absentee owners to align the crew?s interests with.? The insight suggests more than Leeson seems to want it to?does inequity always entail political repression??and late in the book he backtracks, cautioning that the pirate example ?doesn?t mean democratic management makes sense for all firms,? only that management style should be adjusted to the underlying ownership structure. But a certain kind of reader is likely to ignore the hedging, and note that the pirates, two centuries before Lenin, had seized the means of production.
   Leeson?s analysis unriddles a number of Snelgrave?s mysteries. Merchant sailors quietly gave in to pirate attacks because of a principal-agent problem?it wasn?t their cargo?and because doing so enabled them to adopt a way of life that was a hundred to a thousand times more lucrative. Snelgrave may have been under the impression that pirates forced men to join, but this was for the most part a myth, devised for the sake of a legal defense if caught. Until their final, desperate days, pirates took few conscripts, because so many sailors begged to enlist and because conscripts had the unpleasant habit of absconding and testifying against pirates in court. As for the death-defying attitude??a merry Life and a short one? was Bartholomew Roberts?s motto?pirates cultivated it to convince people that they had what economists call a high discount rate. If future punishments meant so little, their wildest threats were credible. ...
   Piracy seems to thrive when capitalism is advancing?when it has put enough wealth in motion to tempt criminals to kill for it but not yet enough for sailors to die in its defense?and perhaps, as in Somalia, when government is retreating. In several ways, Somalia?s contemporary pirates resemble those of three centuries ago. Violent and dangerous, they nonetheless are careful not to hurt co?perative hostages; they look to piracy to take them from poverty to a life of leisure; they have been known to regulate their own behavior with written rules; and they believe that their cause is just. The timing of their end, too, will probably be similar, coming whenever a major power decides that a crackdown costs less than the    Are pirates socialists or capitalists? Lately, it?s become hard to tell the categories apart. Toward the end of his book, Leeson suggests that pirate self-governance proves that companies can regulate themselves better than governments can, as if he sees the pirate ship as a prototype of the modern corporation, sailing through treacherously liberal waters. Such arguments haven?t aged well over the past year, but even in piracy?s golden age people were aware that an unregulated marketplace invites predators. During the South Sea Bubble of 1720, speculators claiming to be able to make wealth out of debt fleeced British investors and ruined many banks. Pirates who spent that year killing and plundering, Nathaniel Mist grumpily wrote, could salve their guilty consciences, if they had any: ?Whatever Robberies they had committed, they might be pretty sure they were not the greatest Villains then living in the World.?
I am not endorsing piracy of any sort, of course (it sounds like overall not a very happy way to live, to begin with, one hundred men stuck on a tiny ship). I'm just pointing to interesting historical aspects of their social forms sometimes, especially the democratic aspects found where they might seem unexpected.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-14 20:59:52
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Revisiting The Replicator Analogy: How Infinite 
Well, even in this one example, it fails. If I had an infinite supply of free tomatoes, I could burn them to produce power really cheaply (assuming no net environmental effects). With cheap power, everything else gets cheap (or at least much cheaper) too.
Besides, why posit something so absurd. If tomatoes are free, one might expect every other biological item to be free. So, you could grow trees in the shape of furniture like chairs and tables. Or you could produce most medicines for free.
So, it's a bad analogy in the long term, even if in the short term there is some truth to it.
The deeper issue is that tomatoes have a lot of "rents" built in to them. There is the rent for the land to grow them on. There is the rent for the hybrid seeds. The rent for the land for the oil to transport them. And so on. Basically, all costs are either rent or labor. When you start eliminating the rents, then you eventually create a system where people can choose how to use their own labor to their own ends, rather than being forced to work for others serving them because everything is so expensive because so much goes to rent and gets concentrated in 1% or less of society who "owns" the properties or other capital that claims the rent.
 > This is what's happening in the music industry, and starting to happen
 > in the publishing industry. Some parts of the industries are finding
 > their functions obsolete. Instead of looking at the money they could
 > save with electronic distribution, and what good use they could put
 > that money to, the industry is seeking new laws and regulations to
 > limit the infinite supply so business can continue as usual.
 >
 > Even if every single song, book, and movie was distributed digitally
 > for free, there would still be a need for the music, publishing, and
 > movie industries. There would still be demand for editors, producers,
 > marketers, and all sorts of other services that these industries have
 > always provided.
How does this person explain the success of Youtube or blogs? Or Debian The fact is, once technology as an amplifier has gotten to the point where one person can maintain the content or infrastructure for millions of people, then one can find that one person out of a million who likes to do that for some reason.
Now, I'm not saying that one person out of a million does not need an income in our society to survive; they may well need an income. But we need to distinguish between an income that *enables* a person to do what they love, and an income that *rewards* a person for doing something they'd rather not be doing. So, we need to move beyond a society that needs to *bribe* someone to do things they don't want to do when they'd like to be doing something else, like taking care of their young child, sitting with a dying parent, growing tomatoes in their garden, contemplating nature or the infinite, playing the piano, or whatever -- all activities that in other ways are valuable, if frequently not valued directly by the marketplace.
What the media industry is doing is riding down the history of dominating the media channels. If they did not have that history of domination, people would be mostly ignoring them even now.
 > Reasonable people aren't calling for the abolition of the music,
 > publishing, and movie industries.
Sure they are. :-) Or at least, many are for abolishing copyrights longer than a few years, which is much the same thing, eliminating those industries as we know them, even if people will always make music, writings, and movies. Besides, much of those industries as far as money are about control of distribution rights, not about making stuff. Almost all musicians, writers, and visual artists do not get paid anything significant for their work in those fields -- probably less that 1% of people who do any of that make a living at it. Why organize a society around the needs of 1% of people who do an activity? 99% of creative people would benefit by the end of strong copyrights in terms of having more material to draw from and mixup and mash together and build on.
 > They're just asking these industries
 > to look to the future, and stop trying to limit supply to protect
 > obsolete business models.
Again, no, they are asking to end artificial scarcity and rent seeking.
 > Read that over a few times. It's about the
 > best description/analogy of what we've been trying to say here that
 > I've ever heard.
Doesn't work for me. :-)
As Kevin said, jobs are a means to an end. A basic income makes more sense if people are (rightfully) worried they will starve if the market (and rent seeking) leaves them behind. Hmmm... I wonder if another approach to a basic income would be to say that one-half of all rent should go to taxes then redistributed as a basic income?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-15 10:24:14
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Environmental issues around solar energy plants 
"Sunrise for solar heat power "
Some point out that this method?s large pedestals holding the glass parabolas, some 38 feet across, represent a cost that low-profile, flat-mirror approaches have successfully eliminated.
   Nonetheless, in purely thermodynamic terms, the SunCatcher is the most efficient CSP approach so far. It converts 31 percent of the sun?s energy to grid-ready electricity. By comparison, photovoltaic ranges between 8 and 15 percent efficiency, and trough CSP between 15 and 19 percent.
   The SunCatcher has one more advantage: The engines aren?t cooled with water. The hydrogen cools in an air radiator similar to that found in a car.
   That?s important because, in the arid and semiarid regions of the desert Southwest, where CSP makes the most sense, water is already a hot-button issue. And it?s predicted to become more so.
   ?The Southwest is a great place to build solar, but it?s not a great place to build water-intensive solar,? says Peter Gleick, president of the Pacific Institute in Oakland, Calif., a nonprofit devoted to sustainability    Air-cooling CSP is possible, but can decrease efficiency and ? in some situations and regions ? increase costs by 5 to 10 percent. Yet for some, it?s already a selling point. BrightSource Energy, a company developing a 400-MW ?power tower? plant in the Mojave, touts the fact that its plant will be entirely air-cooled.
So, who profits from spreading FUD about solar in the desert?
On environmental impact statements, it is tradeoffs. Would the coal industry get a permit if someone was inventing it now? Of course not. In fact, even just new coal plants are not getting permits.
Also, I don't understand why, with announcements like this:
   "Nanosolar books $4.1 billion in orders, reveals tech"
   that an article stating that solar PV uses no water (ignoring solar thermal that also uses no water, as above) and then goes on to worry about water in the desert because of stuff like "[PV[ still remain rare for commercial-scale power plants. They are extremely costly ..." should be taken seriously?
Just Fear-Uncertainty-and-Doubt (FUD) spreading. Again, who profits from this FUD?
This article can't even get the technical or economic facts straight as to what exists today, and then go on to spread fear. Why is this?
I do think it is fair to complain that the desert is beautiful, and does have plants and animals, and turning it over to for-profits permanently is questionable, especially without significant taxes or a related basic income. But, the fact is, other areas of the world are being destroyed by fossil fuel use, whether global climate change or air and water pollution. So, it is tradeoffs. But why does the article not consider that? More FUD.
Five years will prove my points right. :-) Then everyone will see this. I can understand why it is so hard to see. Exponential growth is confusing. There are a lot of evils capitalism has done. It is hard to make tradeoffs. And there has been a lot of hype. Anyway, slowly these facts about solar and wind may seep into the general consciousness. It will be hard to through off all the FUD the fossil fuel and nuclear industry has been spreading for decades, and they've had a lot of money to spread it with. They are fighting prosperity and peer-produced energy to the last. :-) Still, be careful you are not helping them. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-15 22:08:18
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [globalvillages] mass production and 
I agree with most of your points and concerns here. :-)
Some tangentially related points.
Even within subspecialities, it can be hard to keep up on all the exponentially emerging technologies out there right now. It is way harder for a generalist to know what is possible and ongoing in a field. So, we are all working from a disadvantage on what is available now.
And, there are some issues where there may be active disinformation (like anti-solar FUD by the fossil fuel and nuclear industries).
And now for some extended comments on this trend for automating research (as well as changing the nature how it is dose in other ways):
There is a robot that does its own research, in the sense that is asks the questions within a limited domain, as opposed to the easier task of just answering questions that Nathan pointed to.  You're right the system that Nathan cites (one from IBM answering Jeapordy trivia questions) is not putting scientists is much danger. :-)  But, this other system has the potential to make at least some post-docs nervous, perhaps, in the sense that it amplifies what just one scientist do:
"Video: A Robot That Conducts Its Own Research"
"I've always said that most of what I did as a biology research technician would someday be carried out by a robot or well-trained monkey. Most lab work involves tasks just begging for a robotic hand: repetitive, technical, and exceptionally boring. Some (very well-funded) labs have robots that can perform repetitive physical jobs, like screening gazillions of chemicals for ones that will be medically useful. But this new robot can do the fun part of science, too -- the thinking. Meet Adam, the first robot that has independently brought a little nugget of experimental knowledge to the world. Adam thought up a hypothesis, tested in the real world, analyzed the data, and then, of course, did it all over again, many, many times."
As with the destruction of the low end manufacturing industry in the USA and offshoring more and more stuff to China, when you remove the on ramps or first steps at the low end of something (gradually increasing in what you replace, like China has gone from cheap toys to all sorts of gadgetry now, same as Japan did decades earlier), there is less of a chance for as many new people to learn and move into an industry. This robot above does what post-docs I knew were doing in the 1990s for most of their day. So, it essentially is removing the first rungs of the scientist career ladder in an area. Science is supposed to be more than rote stuff, but in practice, the way academia is set up as a pecking order, that's the way it is for most early career researchers.
Now, I think that is a good thing in general to automate such work, because those biochemicals can be nasty, and post-docs are routinely exploited as cheap labor in the biology field. But, is it better to be exploited as well as get cancer in twenty years, or is it better to be unemployed with huge student loans you can not repay? These sorts of robots are potentially a big issue that will more and more affect biotech research. They may mean less and less first step opportunities or any employment of many people getting biology-related PhDs, considering there is already a glut of them relative to the opportunities.
Computer software and simulation by itself has the same potential, with computers looking at lots of simulated possibilities. In that sense, senior engineers are also being amplified while at the same time junior engineers are replaced to an extent. Again, that is good in one sense, but bad in another in a scarcity oriented society where you are either employed or Now, one may point to lots of counter examples, but it seems there is the beginning of a trend here.  The real issue is, if you have a fixed amount of money as a researcher, how much do you want to spend on people and how much on machines (robots or fancy computers)? That has always been an issue, but as the machines get more capable, the balance may be shifting to more technology per researcher. So, a robot like this might not remove the "Principal Investigator" anytime soon, but it might obsolete much of the supporting PhD staff. That would be a good thing to remove the drudgery if there was not essentially a limited supply of funds.
By the way, here is why the academic pyramid scheme has failed already, even without the robots which just make all this even worse from the point-of-view of the would-be researcher starting out:
   "The Big Crunch"
   So, there is stuff going on, but again, it is not to the point where researchers are all being replaced today. But clearly, they are starting to be under pressure. And that is sad, because many people want to do research and never get the chance. And researchers often don't cost much money to feed (although equipment and lab space can add up in some areas). It is sad if our society can not accommodate everyone that wants to make a research The more general issue is that while everything you say is right about being clear on issues of imagination, dream, and reality, one does need to be clear on trends, too. :-) And as with that "big crunch" essay above written by the Vice Provost of Caltech, sometimes trends are not obvious to look at until many years after you are living in the implications of them (in that case, it was the end of most academic growth in the 1970s for the USA while production of PhDs in vast quantities continued, a fact that thirty years later academia still refuses to acknowledge or deal with). Even ten years ago, it was known the "half-life" of a science PhD was less than a decade:
  "Careers close to critical mass" "What does a scientist's career have in common with a radioactive element like tritium? They both have a half-life that is measured in years, not decades. In the case of tritium, it has a half-life of just over 12 years, but the "career half-life" of the typical biomedical scientist may be only half as long. The half-life of tritium is how long it takes before 50 per cent of the atoms have decomposed, but in the case of a group of scientists, their career half-life is how long it takes before half of them have left the profession, which may be as little as six years. Lawyers and doctors, on the other hand, can generally look forward to a career that lasts until So, add automation to that situation, and we may well be seeing the end of entire areas of research in academia done by PhDs and post-docs, at least in some areas of biochemistry, given the machines are cheaper and they have not yet unionized.
And, I'd point out, the sciences were considered the *good* and *safe* PhDs:
   "Wanted: Really Smart Suckers: Grad school provides exciting new road to    "Here's an exciting career opportunity you won't see in the classified ads. For the first six to 10 years, it pays less than $20,000 and demands superhuman levels of commitment in a Dickensian environment. Forget about marriage, a mortgage, or even Thanksgiving dinners, as the focus of your entire life narrows to the production, to exacting specifications, of a 300-page document less than a dozen people will read. Then it's time for advancement: Apply to 50 far-flung, undesirable locations, with a 30 to 40 percent chance of being offered any position at all. You may end up living 100 miles from your spouse and commuting to three different work locations a week. You may end up $50,000 in debt, with no health insurance, feeding your kids with food stamps. If you are the luckiest out of every five entrants, you may win the profession's ultimate prize: A comfortable middle-class job, for the rest of your life, with summers off. Welcome to the world of the humanities Ph.D. student, 2004, where promises mean little and revolt is in the air. In the past week, Columbia's graduate teaching assistants went on strike and temporary, or adjunct, faculty at New York University narrowly avoided one. Columbia's Graduate Student Employees United seeks recognition, over the administration's appeals, of a two-year-old vote that would make it the second officially recognized union at a private university. NYU's adjuncts, who won their union in 2002, reached an eleventh-hour agreement for health care and office space, among other amenities. Grad students have always resigned themselves to relative poverty in anticipation of a cushy, tenured payoff. But in the past decade, the rules of the game have changed. Budget pressures have spurred universities' increasing dependence on so-called "casual labor," which damages both the working conditions of graduate students and their job prospects. Over half of the classroom time at major universities is now logged by non-tenure-track teachers, both graduate teaching assistants?known as TAs?and adjuncts. At community colleges, part-timers make up 60 percent of the faculties."
Again, computers have the potential to automate the humanities PhD student's work as well. I say "work" in the sense of what PhDs are generally paid to do as research assistants, teaching assistants, and lab assistants, not "work" as in what they love to do in their own original research for a PhD thesis or whatever. So, computers make it easier for existing professorts to grade assignments, search for references, write letters, check for plagiarism, and so on, thus eliminating the need for most of the jobs that humanities PhDs have been paid to do (not to mention many academic secretaries). Obviously, I feel it is wonderful that a humanities PhD student talks about things like literature with undergrads, discusses the meanings in life and all that, and does original research -- but in an age of tightening budgets and a glut of people with PhDs and lots of computers, there is pressure to cut what can be cut, and grad students are historically the weakest players. Not to mention other pressures on them:
   I predict we see more and more automation in those humanities areas, since computers are getting better and better at analyzing rote text. Example of just the beginning of replacing humanities PhDs:
   "Professor Develops Essay Grading Software"
"Ed Brent, University of Missouri professor of sociology invested six years into developing Qualrus, using the last two years to test it on his students. Brent said the program is sophisticated enough to analyze sentence and paragraph structure and is able to judge the flow or arguments and ideas. Keywords and concepts are pre-entered by the teacher. Students can upload their papers on the Internet and receive instant feedback and scores. Numeric scores are based on whether the writer addressed the most important elements of the assignment. The idea is to save teachers the tedium of reading scores of essays on the same topic. According to Brent, he himself has shaved off 200 hours of paper grading."
Note, I'm not saying you can replace a humanities professor with that. But you can replace the first career steps to become a humanities professor with that, and the net effect may ultimately be the same.
Already faculty are graying. In the same way automation lets old Japanese keep from importing young foreigners to help them, graying faculty may turn to automation instead of new hires to hang on to their jobs:
"Graying of US academia stirs debate: Some cite brilliance; others see lost opportunity in hiring"
This year, 9.2 percent of tenured professors in Harvard's Faculty of Arts and Sciences are 70 or older, compared with none in 1992. Other universities have seen jumps in the percentage of older professors, although the actual number remains small on many campuses. The graying of university faculty has stirred vigorous debate. Some in higher education, including Glauber's students, say many older professors are brilliant researchers and riveting teachers with plenty to offer. But some academic leaders say the abundance of older professors is plugging the pipeline, making it harder to hire young faculty members and bring fresh ideas into labs and the classroom. At the worst, they worry that the perseverance of older professors will crowd the young out of scholarly professions altogether. ... The slower pace of retirements in the sciences is one of the reasons that young scientists are spending more years in low-paid postdoctoral fellowships and the average age for a scientist to get his or her first major research grants from the National Institutes of Health has risen from 37 to 42 in the last 25 years.
So, in a way, this is even a "transhumanism" issue, as old professors with tenure and relative affluence are turning themselves into transhumans with computers, Borg-like collaborative social networks, hearing aids, glasses, and insulin shots, and with all that augmenting technology they are crowding out the young and poor would-be professors who just can't compete. :-)
Add robots that do their own research and paper-grading computer AI software programs into this mix, things that will mainly be only available to the old and relatively wealthy professors who are already established, and who knows what will be happening soon to grad students? :-)
So, all that is one thing driving the Pro-Am revolution:
   As well as the "Blue Collar" scholar:
"People with scholarly interests should take a long hard look at the possibility of a blue collar career. On the surface this may sound ludicrous, but I?ve found blue collar work actually enables me to pursue intellectual interests far more than any white collar job I ever had. Here?s how it all happened:.. "
Or, perhaps, in my case, doing child-care part of the time for my child while also writing stuff and programming free software, I guess that makes me a "Pink Collar" scholar. :-)
   At least for a time.
Note: I think there are plenty of resources on our planet to allow anyone of any age to be a researcher or professor, so I don't think the solution is mandatory retirement. It's a basic income, rethinking education vs. schooling, massively increased R&D spending by government, and things like that, IMHO.
So, there are actually several trends that are changing the nature of academic research as we know it. :-) And peer-to-peer, in part bypassing the academic journal system (like this mailing list), is fueling some of them. As is automation. :-)
Anyway, this is all not to disagree with your general point. You are right to call for clarity about what categories ideas and information fall into.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-18 08:03:39
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cybernetics the missing piece for partnership 
It's interesting to me to see this cybernetics issue coming up as a theme (E see it's been mentioned twice before in subjects).
That video is related to an issue I brought up in Post-Scarcity Princeton on reinventing economics where I mentioned cybernetics (including three levels of a model). From theret:
   "Post-Scarcity Princeton "
   Here is a sample meta-theoretical framework PU economists no doubt could vastly improve on if they turned their minds to it. Consider three levels of nested perspectives on the same economic reality -- physical items, decision makers, and emergent properties of decision maker interactions. (Three levels of being or consciousness is a common theme in philosophical writings, usually rock, plant, and animal, or plant, animal, and human.)
   At a first level of perspective, the world we live in at any point in time can be considered to have physical content like land or tools or fusion reactors like the sun, energy flows like photons from the sun or electrons from lightning or in circuits, informational patterns like web page content or distributed language knowledge, and active regulating processes (including triggers, amplifiers, and feedback loops) built on the previous three types of things (physicality, energy flow, and informational patterns) embodied in living creatures, bi-metallic strip thermostats, or computer programs running on computer hardware.
   One can think of a second perspective on the first comprehensive one by picking out only the decision makers like bi-metallic strips in thermostats, computer programs running on computers, and personalities embodied in people and maybe someday robots or supercomputers, and looking at their characteristics as individual decision makers.
   One can then think of a third level of perspective on the second where decision makers may invent theories about how to control each other using various approaches like internet communication standards, ration unit tokens like fiat dollars, physical kanban tokens, narratives in emails, and so on. What the most useful theories are for controlling groups of decision makers is an interesting question, but I will not explore it in depth. But I will pointing out that complex system dynamics at this third level of perspective can emerge whether control involves fiat dollars, "kanban" tokens, centralized or distributed optimization based on perceived or predicted demand patterns, human-to-human discussions, something else entirely, or a diverse collection of all these things. And I will also point out that one should never confuse the reality of the physical system being controlled for the control signals (money, spoken words, kanban cards, internet packet contents, etc.) being passed around in the control system.
   The above is somewhat inspired by "cybernetics".
     So, I'd suggest, should the PU Economics Department faculty be kept on, the department should be renamed the "Princeton University Cybernetics Department" with there being an "historical economics" subsection all the current economics faculty are assigned to, and one faculty member each from the PU Department of Religion, the PU Department of History, and the PU department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering be put in as an acting team triumvirate leadership of the larger department. :-) As economics faculty broaden their research, then they could move into other new Cybernetics department sections. See also:
     "The Human Use Of Human Beings: Cybernetics And Society" by Norbert Wiener
   One can compare/contrast with that video:
   "Management Cybernetics: The Cybernetic State"
   "The Cybernetic State is inevitable. We have everything to do it. We look the basic structure of the modern democratic state through the lens of Management Cybernetics and the Viable System Model. The teachings of Stafford Beer are applied to understanding the evolution of the State and the reason why Law, Economics and Politics are different aspects of the State. The Cybernetic State is not so much about computers as it is about following nature's rules. The influence of the Iroquois on the US Constitution is referenced. "
Though one has to be cautious about elitism; also that video misses the issue of meshwork and hierarchy balance, and misses some understanding of the diversity of nature. But it is a great start down that road.
The video relates to the first 9/11 (in Chile, in 1973) where people in the USA government actively destroyed the first computerized cybernetic government on the planet (it was mixing aspects of top-down and bottom-up control, so, had some form of hierarchy/meshwork balance):
   And the video mentions the Iroquois Confederacy:
Leading to:
"H. Cons. Res 331"
"100th congress. 2d Session. H. CON. RES. 331. IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES ... To acknowledge the contribution of the Iroquois Confederacy [to the development of the US Constitution]..."
So, while the Iroquois used wampum (tapestries of beads) instead of electronics as their external computing, communication, and record-keeping medium, See:
"NativeTech: Wampum; History and Background"
"Wampum as Hypertext: An American Indian Intellectual Tradition of Multimedia Theory and Practice"
maybe it would be fairer to consider the Iroquois Confederacy the first cybernetic government on the planet? And one *also* severely damaged by the corporatized social system brought from England that would later control the US government? :-(
Anyway, one might hope for a peaceful upgrade of the US government and related socio-economic systems to incorporate more aspects of cybernetics over time. Still, ultimately, a broad definition of human rights is essential to make any such systems function well for most people. The Iroquois had that too, so it is not just the notion of "a learning people", or a "system of checks and balances", but also upholding core values.
In the USA, those values were articulated in 1941 by US President Franklin Roosevelt to an extent (in an age that already had 945 marginal tax rates), but the last seventy years has seen a long struggle to achieve them against a neo-conservative backlash:
The Four Freedoms are goals famously articulated by United States President Franklin D. Roosevelt, urged by wife Eleanor Roosevelt and friend Jon Run, on January 6, 1941. In an address also known as the Four Freedoms speech, FDR proposed four points as fundamental freedoms humans "everywhere in the world" ought to enjoy:
    1. Freedom of speech and expression
    2. Freedom of religion
    3. Freedom from want
    4. Freedom from fear
His inclusion of the latter two freedoms went beyond the traditional American Constitutional values protected by the First Amendment, and endorsed a right to economic security and an internationalist view of foreign policy that have come to be central tenets of modern American liberalism. They also anticipated what would become known decades later as the "human security" paradigm in social science and economic development.
A "Basic Income" and universal health care is an updated version of that third theme.
  And as mentioned in the "Triple Revolution" memorandum is essential for cybernetic reasons:
   The Cybernation Revolution: A new era of production has begun. Its principles of organization are as different from those of the industrial era as those of the industrial era were different from the agricultural. The cybernation revolution has been brought about by the combination of the computer and the automated self-regulating machine. This results in a system of almost unlimited productive capacity which requires progressively less human labor. Cybernation is already reorganizing the economic and social system to meet its own needs.  ... The continuance of the income-through jobs link as the only major mechanism for distributing effective demand?for granting the right to consume?now acts as the main brake on the almost unlimited capacity of a cybernated productive system.
"Mutual security" by Morton Deutsch is an updated version of that fourth theme, and something that again relates to Cybernetics (since it tries to dampen down positive feedback loops that lead to arms races). Example:
My interest in peer to peer is in part not so much a desire to see p2p everywhere in everything as the *only* control system, so much as to, following Manuel de Landa, rebalance our current system, so that peer to peer meshworks regain a lot of the importance they once had. So, I expect that p2p meshworks will interact with hierarchies that peers create or direct for self governance (like, for example, standards of internet packet exchange, or authorities that regulate and tax markets).
   Or, as US President Lincoln said, my efforts are ideally so that:
   "government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth."
But within that, there is a lot of room for negotiation and experiment. :-) Again, from Manuel de Landa:
   "Indeed, one must resist the temptation to make hierarchies into villains and meshworks into heroes, not only because, as I said, they are constantly turning into one another, but because in real life we find only mixtures and hybrids, and the properties of these cannot be established through theory alone but demand concrete experimentation."
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-18 08:59:04
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cybernetics the missing piece for partnership 
That "945 marginal tax rates" was supposed to be "94% marginal tax rates".
See, for an example of what the USA will *eventually* do in the next decade if it is to survive as a viable system:
   The U.S. economy grew rapidly during Roosevelt's term.[66] However, coming out of the depression, this growth was accompanied by continuing high levels of unemployment; as the median joblessness rate during the New Deal was 17.2%. Throughout his entire term, including the war years, average unemployment was 13%.[67][68] Total employment during Roosevelt's term expanded by 18.31 million jobs, with an average annual increase in jobs during his administration of 5.3%.[69]
   Roosevelt did not raise income taxes before World War II began; however payroll taxes were also introduced to fund the new Social Security program in 1937. He also got Congress to spend more on many various programs and projects never before seen in American history. However, under the revenue pressures brought on by the depression, most states added or increased taxes, including sales as well as income taxes. Roosevelt's proposal for new taxes on corporate savings were highly controversial in 1936?37, and were rejected by Congress. During the war he pushed for even higher income tax rates for individuals (reaching a marginal tax rate of 91%) and corporations and a cap on high salaries for executives. In order to fund the war, Congress broadened the base so that almost every employee paid federal income taxes, and introduced withholding taxes in 1943.
Note, beyond a faltering infrastructure, the USA is currently fighting at least two wars (Iraq and Afghanistan), both of which have gone on for longer than WWII.
Historically, that high marginal tax rate (so, paid by high earners on the extra high income) created booming businesses, because wealth was spread around so everyone could spend it or start businesses with it. That tax policy created a relatively-affluent middle class and a vibrant social landscape leading to the family values of the 1950s because families only needed one wage earner, so one spouse could interact locally with children as well as peers, all outside the marketplace. And all that was happening even as much productive capacity was being used for war. It is true that was in part because the government was redistributing money from those who were doing tremendously well to everyone else, but it was justified on the basis that the economy was a common system, with common needs, and that there is an inherent problem with markets that the rich get richer and wealth centralizes otherwise causing the system to freeze up. By analogy, in a garden, one sunflower inches away from many others will grow big while it outcompetes all the others around it for nutrients, and as it gets bigger in will outcompete others even better. In the garden, that is why gardeners will "thin" out plants, but the equivalent action to humanity ("thinning out" the poor) would be horrendous (although it happens in practice, say with poorer people having little access to health care, as the USA has chosen to ration health care based on economic status). Intervening to redistribute wealth prevents this centralization and concentration of wealth, and thus prevents this runaway positive feedback loop of a competitive economic arms race. One way to do that is related to a basic income and universal health care paid for through progressive taxes (and other revenue sources like renting government land or a high tax on fossil fuels or other market aspects with negative externalities).
Still, even within gardens, if one keeps the soil healthy, with plenty of rock dust and organic matter, and water, one may still see a lot of growth by all plants that might otherwise be stunted. That's equivalent to creating general abundance in some ways. And peer-to-peer work on a commons like Wikipedia can accomplish that to an extent outside of direct government support, as, maybe someday, open manufacturing will as well.
But ironically, this is what conservative/libertarians think of Roosevelt's high marginal tax rate policy that created a vibrant middle class:
   There is a distinct pattern throughout American history: When tax rates are reduced, the economy?s growth rate improves and living standards increase. Good tax policy has a number of interesting side effects. For instance, history tells us that tax revenues grow and ?rich? taxpayers pay more tax when marginal tax rates are slashed. This means lower income citizens bear a lower share of the tax burden ? a consequence that should lead class-warfare politicians to support lower tax rates.
And the conservatives go on to cite economic bubbles like leading up to 1929 as justifications of this policy, while ignoring huge rich/poor disparities and the collapse of markets under that. Just like now, Obama is already blamed (less than a year in office) for the economic crisis, which, according to the most extreme conservatives, occurred only because there was too *much* regulation and too *high* taxes. (What truth there is to that is probably that too much of US taxes go to the military and not wealth The problem is that markets can't function well with centralized wealth, or essentially, you just have the worst parts of USSR central planning but with a few plutocrats instead of a few Party members making key economic decisions.
President Barack Obama got it right when he said, from his heart, to "Joe the Plumber" that we should "spread the wealth around" to have a better society. But the problem is, unless Obama moves past mainstream economics (basically, mainstream macroeconomic is an apology for current social hierarchy a this point)
   "The Mythology of Wealth | Conceptual Guerilla"
  Obama will not have a rational model for explaining what his heart tells him is right. And so the "conservatives" conserving only the last few decades of disaster for the US middle class tear his statements apart. And, the conservatives are doing this fairly, in the sense that Obama can't explain technically why his heart is right as long as he tries to do it in a mainstream macroeconomic paradigm that led to the current economic disaster. Basically, you have Obama saying, "let's be nice to each other" and the conservatives saying "that will never work because of such-and-so in our collective ideology that you agree with too".
But *cybernetic* theories of decision making will better show how what Obama said from the heart also makes a lot of sense in reality. A cybernetic approach, looking at feedback cycles and information flows, shows why Obama's statement from the heart was right, because of basic cybernetic reasons of managing positive feedback loops (arms races of the-rich-get-richer) and negative feedback loops (downward spirals of The human "heart" (in the sense of collective peer-to-peer behavior) has been evolving for thousands, even millions, of years, where a good cybernetic model of collective action was punished by life and death for communities. The human "head" in terms of neo-liberal/libertarian economics has been evolving for only a few decades, or at most a few hundred years. Which is more likely to be right in the long term? Cybernetics help us see rationally why our hearts are so wise intuitively.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-18 09:40:44
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] China's cancer villages bear witness to economic 
One external cost of our current means of production, often paid for by the poor and young without access to health care:
"China's "cancer villages" bear witness to economic boom"
One needs to look no further then the river that runs through Shangba to understand the extent of the heavy metals pollution that experts say has turned the hamlets in this region of southern China into cancer villages. ... Cancer casts a shadow over the villages in this region of China in southern Guangdong province, nestled among farmland contaminated by heavy metals used to make batteries, computer parts and other electronics devices. Every year, an estimated 460,000 people die prematurely in China due to exposure to air and water pollution, according to a 2007 World Bank study. Yun Yaoshun's two granddaughters died at the ages of 12 and 18, succumbing to kidney and stomach cancer even though these types of cancers rarely affect children. The World Health Organization has suggested that the high rate of such digestive cancers are due to the ingestion of polluted water. ...
   Mounds of tailings from mineral mining are discarded alongside paddy fields throughout the region. "If you test this rice, it will be toxic but we eat it too, otherwise, we will starve," said He, the farmer, as he shoveled freshly milled rice into a sack. "Yes, we sell this rice too." ...
   Across China, there are hundreds, perhaps thousands of small, anonymous villages that are suffering the consequences of the country's rapid economic expansion, villages with rates and types of cancers that experts say can only be due to pollution.
   This may be the fate of more and more of China's population as mines and factories spew out tens of millions of tonnes of pollution every year, into the water system as well as the air, to produce the fruits of China's economic growth.
   Death rates from cancer rose 19 percent in cities and 23 percent in rural areas in 2006, compared to 2005, according to official Chinese media, although they did not give exact figures.
   The health burden has an economic price. The cost of cancer treatment has reached almost 100 billion yuan a year ($14.6 billion), accounting for 20 percent of China's medical expenditure, according to Chinese media.
   The lack of a national health system means that most of the victims must pay their medical bills themselves.
   Healthcare costs took up 50 percent of household income in China in 2006 due to inadequate health insurance, according to a paper published in the Lancet in October 2008.  ...
Related in the USA:
   "Since the term "environmental racism" was coined, researchers have investigated why minorities are more likely than whites to reside in areas where there is more pollution. Some social scientists suggest that the historical processes of suburbanization and decentralization are examples of white privilege that have contributed to contemporary patterns of environmental racism. In the United States, the wealth of a community is not nearly as good a predictor of hazardous waste locations as the ethnic background of the residents, suggesting that the selection of sites for hazardous waste disposal involves racism. These minority communities may be easier targets for environmental racism because they are less likely to organize and protest than their middle or upper class white counterparts. This lack of protest could be due to fear of losing their jobs, thereby jeopardizing their economic survival."
In this case, one might see the USA as using entire countries to export its pollution to. Basically, the cost of the product in the store is not the full cost, as outlined here:
   "The Story of Stuff"
   Although that video misses some parts of the issue, like improved energy efficiency with a new product may make a bigger savings that the cost to make it, even including external costs. Also, if we can make products in a sustainable way, then some of the arguments there are not so important.
What's so sad about this is that we most of what we need to know to make most industries pollution free, and we certainly know enough to do much better than we do now. An example for energy use:
   Though much information is still locked away from the internet, thus part of the need for "open manufacturing":
The Journal of Cleaner Production serves as an interdisciplinary, international forum for the exchange of information and research results on the technologies, concepts and policies designed to help ensure progress towards sustainable societies. It aims to encourage industrial innovation, new and improved products, and the implementation of new, cleaner processes, products and services. It is also designed to stimulate the development and implementation of prevention oriented governmental policies and educational    Cleaner production is a concept that goes beyond simple pollution control. It involves active research and development into new, prevention-oriented processes, materials and products which are less toxic and more resource and energy efficient. Such proactive approaches are increasingly becoming the primary corporate and government pathway for ensuring environmentally friendly and economically sound production and service provision. Technical assistance and in-depth educational and training programs are increasingly being used to accelerate the adoption of Cleaner Production of Cleaner Products and Services by industries, service organizations, governments, universities and private citizens.
 From the US Government's NIST about a "SLIM" project that should be fatly funded at 1000X current rats, IMHO: :-)
   "Sustainable and Lifecycle Information-based Manufacturing"
      The United States needs to prepare for a future where products are 100% recyclable, manufacturing itself has a zero net impact on the environment, and complete disassembly and disposal of a product at its end of life is routine. To document and monitor these changes, US industry will require key resources and methods that will enable it to measure sustainability along several dimensions (such as carbon foot print, energy accounting and recyclability of materials) allowing accurate assessment of status and progress.  These resources and methods require identification of dimensions, associated measurements and classification of information relevant to sustainable product design and manufacturing. Such a base of information is critical to product designers and manufacturing engineers so that they can incorporate sustainability in their efforts. Hence, the primary challenge is to develop requirements, formal models, and validation methods for sustainability-based and lifecycle information-based manufacturing that support interoperability among tools and standards for design, analysis, simulation, and lifecycle assessment and information management.
So, there are many OK-ish solutions to pollution now, and much better ones to come, but many people (especially children) are still paying the price for greed (want) and ignorance.
   "A Christmas Carol -- Ignorance & Want"
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-18 09:49:56
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] NATO proposes new era of cooperation with Russia | 
Some good news about working towards "mutual security":
   "NATO proposed a new era of cooperation with the United States and Russia on Friday, calling for joint work on missile defense systems after Washington scrapped a planned anti-missile system."
Predictably, Obama's critics who seem to know nothing about cybernetics (see previous note) and how to deal with positive feedback loops driving arms race are critical of this. That's all part of why "War is a Racket":
   But again, here is another case where cybernetics explains why the cybernetically-evolved "heart" is right, when the neo-conservative "head" can't understand why give its limited simplistic non-cybernetic model of the More on mutual security by Morton Deutsch:
   "The handbook of conflict resolution: theory and practice"
   "Transcript of an interview with Morton Deutsch"
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-18 13:14:55
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cybernetics the missing piece for partnership 
That's certainly true in the extreme in general (with the demise of the USSR which epitomized that).
   But with that said, as Manuel de Landa points out, any real system is a mix of hierarchy and meshwork. So, for example, China has more that a billion people organized in some mix of central planning and market economies right now:
   So, trying to stretch the point, there are (guessing) only 500 or so really big companies (IBM, GE, Disney, ConAgra, etc.)
   "Global 500: Our annual ranking of the world's largest corporations"
   that have major impacts on the kind of energy we use, the kind of computers we use, the kind of food we eat, the kind of media we watch, what medicines we have, the cars we drive, and so on. Not 100% of everything (there are small companies too, and university and independent and government research), of course. But these big firms shape a big chunk of day-to-day life for most people (in the USA at least) by being gatekeepers to what gets mass produced. In effect, they constitute a central planning framework, with a few thought leaders in every area, even if it is more an oligarchy and plutocracy and cartels than something like a monarchy.
But, in some ways, how is this different than, say, fifty departments in the USSR central planning office each with ten bureaucrats sitting around a table?
Sure, there is price feedback and so on, but that is in some ways more about *feedback* than *planning*. If we are going to talk about feedback, then we are left with the example of Cybersin in Chile of a system good at mixing central planning with feedback, but there is no reason a caring central planning organization in the USSR could not have done the same.
A big irony of the USSR's fall to me is that it came apart just as computers were getting fast enough to make central planning work in a Cybersin way with daily feedback instead of annual plans.
      "Project Cybersyn was a Chilean attempt at real-time computer-controlled planned economy in the years 1970?1973 (during the government of president Salvador Allende). It was essentially a network of telex machines that linked factories with a single computer centre in Santiago, which controlled them using principles of cybernetics. The principal architect of the system was British operations research scientist Stafford Beer."
Of course, the USSR had other problems too. But it is funny that people act like the fall has forever discredited central planning, given central planning is what most corporations do every day everywhere around the globe. It's just called "budgeting" to make it sound less "communist". :-)
 From Wikipedia:
   Budget (from French bougette, purse) generally refers to a list of all planned expenses and revenues. It is a plan for saving and spending.[1] A budget is an important concept in microeconomics, which uses a budget line to illustrate the trade-offs between two or more goods. In other terms, a budget is an organizational plan stated in monetary terms. In summary, the purpose of budgeting is to:
    1. Provide a forecast of revenues and expenditures i.e. construct a model of how our business might perform financially speaking if certain strategies, events and plans are carried out.
    2. Enable the actual financial operation of the business to be measured against the forecast. ...
   The budget of a company is often compiled annually, but may not be. A finished budget, usually requiring considerable effort, is a plan for the short-term future, typically one year (see Budget Year). While traditionally the Finance department compiles the company's budget, modern software allows hundreds or even thousands of people in various departments (operations, human resources, IT etc) to list their expected revenues and expenses in the final budget.
   If the actual figures delivered through the budget period come close to the budget, this suggests that the managers understand their business and have been successfully driving it in the intended direction. On the other hand, if the actuals diverge wildly from the budget, this sends an 'out of control' signal, and the share price could suffer as a result.
Sure. Markets fail for all sorts of reason, including, in the short term, inelastic demand for stuff like oil and health care:
  (Everything is elastic somewhat in the long term probably, which is Julian Simon's point.)
Or, there are other factors that may come up. External costs (negative like pollution or positive like good health). Systemic risks. War being profitable. Centralization of wealth. Weakening labor value in the face of automation. A few players get to set standards to their own short-term benefit. And so on. Although these can also cause problems in central planning too.
One issue with markets is to separate out the issues of signaling demand using tokens (fiat currencies, kanban tokens, emails) versus rationing who can make demands under what circumstances (they have ration units, they are well liked by the producer, they have political power, they have a "job", they are old enough to qualify for Medicare, etc.).
The thing about the digital world, is that copying and distribution is so cheap (so little incremental cost) that rationing is not a big issue for things once they are made. In the digital realm, all the arguments are about funding new works. (Services distributed digitally may be a different story than content, if they require human effort per unit delivered.) And the digital world is so glutted with good content (who could read it all? Or view it all? Just what is there?) that there is little demand for new stuff already. (Not to say we don't need new stuff in certain directions, but there are many lifetimes of entertainment out there already as a baseline, and a very workable set of computer software for basic communications and so on, not to say it can't be improved of course.)
So, it's not clear to me that the two realms of digital production and physical production are that similar right now, even if I do think they are One way they are converging is "the center for bits and atoms" way, where you use bits to print atoms in 3D printers, and you use atoms to scan in bits with 3D scanners. But a personal 3D printer that is really good essentially jumps over this issue you raise of managing demand and so on. How many families need much to manage the demand of their home 2D printer these days? The average home 2D printer has vast amounts of spare capacity, especially assuming people are doing most of their viewing of content on display screens now.
But, sooner than 3D printers we may see more neighborhood scale FabLabs. In a way, this is following the scaling of computers -- bureaucracies to mainframes to minis to micros to embedded. So, now the average car can second by second do the same amount of calculation that used to be required by a vast bureaucracy to keep the Ancient Egyptian economy running back in 2000 B.C.
A Star Trek "replicator" is one endpoint on physical manufacturing (food might be different, and maybe utility fog might be an alternative even for manufacturing if is safe).
Nobody really knows how best to navigate from here to there over the next thirty years, or exactly what mix of scales of systems we'll end up with for manufacturing. As Alan Kay says, "The best way to predict the future is to invent it."
Yes, as above. And outside of manufacturing, there are a lot of cultural, environmental (watershed or bioregion), political, and other issues that will drive a lot of that. But somehow, I think they will have less and less to do with manufacturing than now. I've talked about Peak Population as a crisis, and here it seems we may already have passed "Peak Shipping" (not that I am that worried about that one):
"Revealed: The ghost fleet of the recession anchored just east of Singapore"
 "The biggest and most secretive gathering of ships in maritime history lies at anchor east of Singapore. Never before photographed, it is bigger than the U.S. and British navies combined but has no crew, no cargo and no destination  -  and is why your Christmas stocking may be on the light side this year "
That fleet may yet recover, but I don't think it is going out on a limb to say we will see even bigger "ghost fleets" in a decade or so from now, as people are able to produce more and more goods and energy locally. I'd suggest repurposing those ships as like traveling cruise ships, something that I think will increase in demand with more seasteading. :-)
   One thing I think might change some of that is local recycling programs. Manufacturing of real stuff rapidly hits the wall of materials being expensive and hard to come by sometimes (especially if you rely on mines far away). If you can recycle stuff like aluminum and plastic locally, then you can be more independent. Note that this series of books is about building your own tools from "scrap" not from "scratch":
   "Build a Complete Metalworking Shop from Scrap!: The Legendary Series of Machine Tool Construction Manuals"
   Though eventually we'll get better at getting materials out of the air, seawater, and sand, and doing that all as elegantly as bacteria can, not this crude and dangerous way (yet still possible):
   "LMF Chemical Processing Sector"
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-19 13:55:59
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Information Filtering | Tactical Philanthropy 
Someone recently brought the theme of information filtering up, and I've been thinking about it some.
   "Information Filtering | Tactical Philanthropy"
   "I wrote yesterday about my new use of Twitter (you can follow me at    ) A lot of people who start using Twitter feel like ?they can?t keep up? with all the postings. Sasha Dichter wrote yesterday about feeling ?overwhelmed,? not just by Twitter, but my information overload in general. Sasha linked to this great video that suggests that no matter how overwhelmed with information you feel, the reality is that the overload is exponentially more than you know."
I've seen the video there before, but it is interesting. Here is a direct link:
   "Did You Know?"
  I'm not sure I agree with the conclusion on the first linked page, but the comment from there is interesting, in the context of exponential growth:
It used to be that if you were a smart person who wanted to be ?in the know? and make good decisions, you were best served by seeking out as much information as possible. When I say that ?it used to be,? I mean from the beginning of human history until about four years ago. The video points out that more information will be generated in 2009, than was created in the past 5,000 years. That a weeks worth of the New York Times holds more information than most Americans living during the 18th century were likely to encounter in a lifetime.
   How is it possible that we operate when the amount of information is growing at an exponential rate? The key is filtering.
   Today, smart people who want to be ?in the know? need to figure out how to filter the information fire hose. The challenge is not finding information, but finding trusted ?filters? and then absorbing information through them while ignoring the rest.
I'm not sure I agree because information filtering was a whole big part of the Bush presidency problem. :-(
   "Our purpose is to educate the public and the media about how President George W. Bush's lack of curiosity increases risk for himself, the nation, and the world."
One may need a balance of filtering and some continual testing and direct sampling (so, some curiosity. :-) So, there is a deep issue here, how to achieve a health balance on this, both as an individual and as part of a Also, that video celebrates digital information but ignores all the basic stuff people knew thousands of years ago that we may not (about nature, about other people, about their own history and culture of stories, and so on.)
Related funny video (consider what is said/done at the end by the filtering    "N00b Boyfriend"
   Still, despite how unfair the humorous filtering situation may feel, filtering and the management of attention is really a vital thing for all creatures. A key aspect of life is to be a filter -- that is a primary aspect of a cell membrane, to let some things in and keep out others. Of course, how that basic principle translates into human cognition, community building, (or even parenting at different ages) is a different issue.
I'm not sure yet how one would formally distinguish "information filtering" from "information processing", as the two are related. An aspect of a "social semantic desktop" is essentially collaborative tagging, which is a form of filtering. Any community site like slashdot that has moderation and reputations also is filtering in that sense. Yet, in a way, one might also label that as collective "information processing". So, anyway, something to think about from the peer production aspect of p2p.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-19 15:15:03
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What is Tactical Philanthropy? | Tactical 
This term "tactical philanthropy" came up in a CSMonitor article I linkd to about a week ago. Here is more on that idea, which may suggest approaches those interesting in improving community infrastructure in a p2p way.
   "What is Tactical Philanthropy?"
   ?Tactical philanthropy? is a phrase coined by our founder Sean Stannard-Stockton in 2006 in the book Mapping the New World of American    ?Tactical philanthropy is an approach to philanthropy that positions donors as suppliers of support to agents of social impact. Support generally refers to provision of capital through grants and social investments, but also includes nonfinancial support. A tactical philanthropist expresses his or her interests through supporting a portfolio of organizations that are effectively producing social impact in areas about which the donor is    Tactical philanthropists are people who view their giving as a way to invest in organizations that are making a positive difference in the world.
   Philanthropy is not always practiced this way. Strategic philanthropy is an approach that positions donors as problem-solvers. While we all want to figure out solutions to the world?s problems, at Tactical Philanthropy Advisors we focus on helping our clients find and support great organizations that are good problem solvers. We believe it is often the nonprofit management teams ? those with decades of experience in their chosen fields ? that are best positioned to figure out what works.
   If you are looking for a consultant who can help you figure out the best way to keep kids in school, for example, we?re not the right advisor for you. But if you care about keeping kids in school and want to support a portfolio of outstanding nonprofit organizations that are deploying various programs to keep kids in school, we?re a great fit.
   We believe philanthropists have many tools at their disposal, aside from grantmaking: advocacy, funding media projects, and convening important stakeholders are all examples of important roles philanthropists can play. We can help you deploy these various tactics, but we do not claim expertise as social science researchers.
   Just as great for-profit investing is mostly about designing a solid financial plan and then building a portfolio that reflects ones goals, Tactical Philanthropy is about designing a great philanthropic plan and then building a portfolio of grantees that is aligned with your values. If you are looking for social science research consultants, we are not the firm for you. If you are looking for an advisor who can help you build a personalized approach to your giving and bring innovation, effectiveness and joy to your philanthropy, we?d love to help you.
A related item linked from Sean Stannard-Stockton's twitter page:
   "Why Seth Godin Is Wrong (Updated)"
   Online marketing guru Seth Godin takes aim at nonprofits in a widely-quoted blog post ?The problem with non? today, a diatribe of sorts that repeats a meme that?s been active in American philanthropy circles for at least a decade: nonprofits are afraid of change. ... Undoubtedly, control and bureaucracy can be big problems with nonprofits, large and small. But does anyone now living believe that the most philanthropic nation in the history of the world should devolve its nonprofit and service sector into a crowd-sourced cyberlibertarian throw of the dice at utopia? Yes, $300 billion annually is less than 2% of GDP ? but it?s a vital 2% for those who rely on the services and support that nonprofits provide. I don?t ? and I preach digital change to nonprofits every day. Change ain?t easy when the world keeps moving and you have the keep the lights on ? ask the President.
Anyway, lots of issues there raised from different perspectives about the way non-profits and new media are interacting. Of course, some here might like a "crowd-sourced cyberlibertarian throw of the dice at utopia" funded to the tune of US$300 billion a year. :-) And I'm all for turning over the money for compulsory schooling directly to parents to help promote aspects of that. :-)
But, in any case, interesting things to think about whatever parts one agrees with. In general, this shows how a conversation is going on right now about p2p-related issues in the non-profit realm.
By the way, also from the CSMonitor, from this week:
For the first time, the war in Afghanistan in the next budget year will cost Americans more than the war in Iraq. By the end of the next fiscal year, which starts Oct. 1, the total military budget costs for both wars will have exceeded $1 trillion. That?s more than the cost of the Vietnam War, adjusting for inflation, or any other US war except World War II ($3.2 trillion in 2007 dollars). A trillion dollars is hard to imagine. Think of it this way: If you had an expense account good for $1 million a day, it would take 2,935 years to spend $1.071 trillion, which is the actual estimate for the wars? price tag by Travis Sharp of the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation in Washington. He reckons the two conflicts will have cost the typical American family of four roughly $13,000 by next year. ... Costs and utilization of healthcare and other veterans? benefits are running about 30 percent higher than she and coauthor Joseph Stiglitz, a Columbia University Nobel Prize economist, estimated in their 2008 New York Times bestseller, ?The Three Trillion Dollar War.? Adding in some social costs (such as families caring for the disabled and a diminished labor force), the two economists put a ?moderate-realistic? price tag on the two wars of $5 trillion.
Imagine for one moment that after 9/11/200 (or 9/11/1973) the USA had been able to look itself in the mirror, and had decided to spend US$5 trillion of the money to be incurred on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan in a different way, to promote mutual security and prosperity globally. (And some people at the time did say the war costs would be in that neighborhood, not a "cakewalk".) So, imagine the USA picked, say, our Michel Bauwens to spend the money globally for building a new sustainable society with a central theme of p2p. :-) And imagine President Bush had told Michel to spend that money all in thirty years. I'd suggest Michel (or anyone) would have been hard pressed by the relentless pace of needing to come up with a place to spend US$500 million dollars each and every day on p2p for thirty years. :-) I'm sure he would try though. :-)
And every day on this list, for thirty years, we could nag him, day in, day out, "Michel, have you spent that US$500 million today? No? Get back to work!" :-)
I suggest Michel, like anybody, might collapse under the strain. :-( He might then decide, every day, for thirty years, to just pick a thousand names out of a telephone book, give them each half a million US dollars and a printed flier on p2p, and hope for the best. :-) In one year, that would be 365,000 people that Michel had given MacArthur Foundation level P2P "Genius Awards" to -- just random people off the street even. Just out of hope a few might do good things. :-)
It's even been outlined on TV in the 1950s:
  "The Millionaire is a television drama anthology series that aired on CBS from January 19, 1955 to June 8, 1960, originally sponsored by Colgate-Palmolive.. The series explored the ways unexpected wealth changed life for better or for worse. The show became a five-season hit, thanks in large part to a twist that also made it a bit of a cult classic in the years that followed its life in the so-called "Golden Era" of U.S. television. The show centered around the stories of unknown people who were given, seemingly out of nowhere, one million dollars from a benefactor who insisted they never know him ? with one memorable exception."
And, for all that money spent differently, there would be more that four thousand US families who would still have their loved one alive, and more than 30,000 US families that would still have their loved one physically whole, and more than probably 300,000 US families that would still have their loved one mentally whole, and maybe millions of Iraqi families that would still have their loved ones and still be living in their homes.
   I'd suggest, overall, we'd even all be much better off, even if Michel just burned the money every day, out of desperation.
Anyway, we can try to imagine it, and it is not that unrealistic, because, the USA also just spent trillions on a bailout, and no doubt it could afford to spend trillions for self-renewal, even now.
And foundations have tens of trillions of US dollars coming in over the next few decades to spend on good works. A flow into foundations of US$55 trillion is expected over the next 25 years according to this:
   "Is Open Source the Answer To Giving?"
   All they have to do is start sending Michel checks for US$500 million every day. :-) I'm sure he'd be willing to try to to keep up with the torrent for a while. :-) Kind of like playing "SimCity" with the "cheat" amount of money. :-)
And, if Michel decided to take a year-and-a-half sabbatical, he could fund this with the money he'd otherwise have to spend during that time:
   "A Solar Grand Plan"
   "A massive switch from coal, oil, natural gas and nuclear power plants to solar power plants could supply 69 percent of the U.S.?s electricity and 35 percent of its total energy by 2050. ... But $420 billion in subsidies from 2011 to 2050 would be required to fund the infrastructure and make it cost-competitive. ..."
Anyway, if there is one good thing to come out of the wars the US launched in Afghanistan and Iraq, it is to show that all our global problems stem more from ideology and a lack of imagination, than from a lack of resources (financial or otherwise).
Or, humorously, this is a simulation of the leadership we need: :-)
   "President George W. Bush singing John Lennon's Imagine"
   The original version:
   "John Lennon - Imagine"
   So, anyway, we might hope to see more "tactical philanthropy" in a p2p direction in the future. :-) It's not that hard to imagine. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-20 16:49:52
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Autonet - an autonomous internet - call 
Just to echo this theme, freedom-of-speech, use it or lose it, something I wrote back in 2000, envisioning something like the OLPC, as a US$100 computer inspired by the Cybiko toy (fixed a few typos):
   "[unrev-II] The DKR hardware I'd like to make..."
   Imagine what we could have for $1000 by the end of this year [2000] by
integrating technology that already exists:
And a two mile radio range:
      (That link is dead, but it was just a generic consumer walkie-talkie.)
And remember that in five years this entire thing will cost US$100 each.
Consider a couple of these souped up devices given to each village in
Africa. Anyone with $1 billion for true development aid to 500,000
African villages? (This is just the cost of one unfinished dam or one
shut down nuclear plant.)
   Consider millions of these devices airdropped into Iraq and Yugoslavia

@_date: 2009-09-22 07:08:09
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] economic abundance textbook 
Great point.
If you look at the Jane Jacobs version of how cities came to be, it was as trading points for people extracting things from the surrounding area (hunters and gatherers). (Cities, more like towns by our current standards, then developed agriculture of plants and animals through the process of temporary storage.) A place like the Netherlands, where key ideas of capitalism emerged, also was a trading hub of things brought back in ships, extracted from other places whether agriculturally or by stealing humans from other countries to use as slaves. So, historically, yes, markets are all about trading what you took from nature, not about nurturing nature or humanity itself. Nurturing our surroundings will be a big conceptual leap when we make it as a society (and I feel space habitats are part of that, because they get people to focus on maintaining the basic infrastructure of life support in a formal way). But in more crowded places like the Netherlands, especially with a common issue of water management, you can see that concept has emerged somewhat; example:
   I agree with the rest of the comments by you and Sm?ri on this book, that it is not under a free license and that it is intended for schools, which are both practices being in general anti-abundance, no the book does not practice what it preaches in that sense. Of course, we have this p2p list and others like open manufacturing and so on, plus related web sites and blogs, so there are lots of places now to learn about these things with information under free licenses (sometimes) or in communities. So, we can see this book as important in being a "trailing edge" thing for the FOSS/p2p movement. :-) Even if the book might be "leading edge" for academia, and very important in that sense. :-)
Yes, it may get stuff wrong, like that full employment issue. Still, "full employment by "make-work" in wars, schooling, and prisons might be used by a society as a means of social control that intentionally destroys abundance, (as I've pointed out before with my jobs equation). So, technically they are right that "full employment" by telling people "do make-work or starve" is an option as opposed to a basic income, a gift economy, and local subsistence production by 3D printing, robotic organic agriculture, and so on). So, they are right in a way to talk about "full employment" as a final solution, as one can see in the image with the words "Arbeit Macht Frei" at the top of this version of Bob Black's essay on "The Abolition of Work": :-(
   I usually otherwise link to the version of his essay here:
   Wonder what else is misleading or biased? :-)
   "Lies My Teacher Told Me: Everything Your American History Textbook Got Wrong is a 1995 book by James Loewen. It critically examines twelve popular American history textbooks and concludes that textbook authors propagate factually false, eurocentric, and mythologized views of history. In addition to critiquing the dominant historical themes presented in textbooks, Loewen presents a number of his own historical themes that he says are ignored by traditional history textbooks."
Do they have a discussion of how one type of how mass production is interwoven with Prussian-derived compulsory schooling, for example?
      Of course, without the text being online, it is hard to analyze it and critique it.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-22 07:59:10
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wellness and a balance between doctors and p2p 
In general, I've argued that universal health insurance would be beneficial to p2p in the USA, because it would allow more people to participate online without fear of not having health care.
I say "insurance" very deliberately there, because the insurance is generally for interacting with the conventional medical system. Otherwise might would call it "universal health care", though even that term is somewhat limited in scope:
   What we need is more "universal health" or a "universal wellness promotion" but that is still a concept for a future Star Trek society. :-)
  There are arguments raised against universal health insurance in the USA, specifically by the conservatives that it subsidizes people who have made poor lifestyle choices (smokers, heavy drinkers, overeaters, couch potatoes, and so on). I think our society encourages those sorts of things, including from the profit motive but also be being stressful to live in, so I don't fully agree these things are 100% the individual's fault (smoking is one way to deal with stress, for example, plus cigarettes are heavily advertised), but I can see there is some truth to the "moral hazard" argument as well as underwriting unhealthy behavior.
Likewise, others suggest that health insurance subsidizes those who choose mainstream medicine over alternative medicine, which is not often covered. So, you can get ten triple-bypass heart operations, but acupuncture, massage, religious retreats, positive thinking gatherings, living in nature, organic gardening or just buying organic food, taking Omega-3 fatty acid supplements, or all other sorts of alternative approaches to "wellness" are not covered. Thus health insurance diverts money from those possibly low-cost health-promoting things by pulling it out of the pocketbook and earmarking it for mainstream health care before the individual can decide to pursue an alternative with it. So, in that sense, health insurance damages societal wellness.
So, clearly, health insurance can have harmful impacts.
I've realized, in that sense, in the USA, just judging by my own experiences, those without health insurance make heavier use of the internet to diagnose and treat illness, and in the process of doing that may engage in many p2p activities. Example:
   "Dealing with a medical condition is often difficult. Connecting with others who are going through the same thing can make a world of difference. HealthBoards.com is a place where you can make those connections. We provide a unique one-stop peer support community with over 150 message boards on various diseases, conditions, and health topics. And through a partnership with WebMD, we provide a comprehensive Health Guide with valuable health information and tools for managing your health."
Another example of such discussion:
"Why does a CT scan cost so much in the USA?"
I've found some useful stuff online in all sorts of places, often through Google (plus, some not useful or harmful stuff). There is a lot of truth here:
   "The New Company Health Plan is Google"
So, in that sense, lack of universal health insurance in the USA is promoting p2p efforts -- desperate efforts often times, granted, and so maybe not the kind we want to be promoting, but that's the way it is (at least in the USA).
And within that context, there might be ways that P2P ideas could help further with the desperate situation that does not seem to be about to resolve by government action anytime soon?
   "Sick and Wrong"
   By the way, two related jobs at Hesperian, who make the freely downloadable book "Where There is No Doctor" which they say is for both "underdeveloped" and "overdeveloped" countries (I'll mention the more socio-techy one):
   "Job Announcement: Communications and Outreach Manager ... The Communications and Outreach Manager will help lead efforts in the next year to strengthen relationships with partner organizations that distribute and use Hesperian?s content, and to build our grassroots advocacy program in conjunction with US-based and international partners. The Communications and Outreach Manager will lead the process to develop a marketing and outreach plan for the New Where There Is No Doctor and our new initiatives around the digital delivery of our content."
Maybe someone could make the argument to Hesperian to be more p2p-ish?
Anyway, I just wanted to raise this aspect of how improving universal health insurance may have some negative impact on p2p in the short term. That doesn't mean I'm against universal access (I'm all for single-payer in the USA, like promoted here:  ). I'm just thinking that this is an issue, that people turn to p2p when they have no access to a doctor, as a minor countertrend to the idea that people with universal health insurance otherwise may feel more free to try new things or feel more free to go without a formal job for a time. Sadly, in the USA, access to health care is tightly linked to having a "good" job, and people without health insurance have, by, one estimate a 40% greater chance of dying per year. Anyway, I'd be curious if there are foreign language p2p things that are like HealthBoards and if they see as much desperate discussion?
Certainly, within the USA, it's been raised that the internet has changed how patients are interacting with doctors in general. One example, applicable even for people with health insurance:
"Armed with online health information: Doctors, patients adapt as the Internet intervenes in health care"
Feder's experience underscores how the doctor-patient relationship is changing from one that pits a passive patient against a paternalistic doctor to more of an active collaboration. Some of the shift is driven by financial need. With more cost-sharing and high-deductible health plans emerging in employers' benefits mix, patients are under pressure to take more responsibility for their care and its costs.
   "Consumers are forced to be more empowered, whether it's higher copays for physicians or having to make decisions about things," said Mark Bard, president of Manhattan Research, a health-care market research firm in New York. "They need access to information on the front line, and increasingly physicians are being shown that information."
   Nearly two-thirds of physicians say the trend of patients coming in armed with online information is positive, up from 62% in 2004, according to a recent study from Manhattan Research. The referrals increasingly work both ways. Slightly more than half, or 52%, of 1,300 U.S. doctors said they recommend health-related Web sites to their patients.
Maybe a broader theme (following Manuel de Landa on meshwork/hierarchy balance), is just, what is the appropriate balance for promoting wellness between a p2p health information meshwork and a formal medical hierarchy?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-22 08:23:50
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Media Access Project 
Just rereading my 2004 essay and seeing how several links are broken:
But I saw one that is still good, and especially relevant to p2presearch:
   "Media Access Project (MAP) is a non-profit law firm and advocacy organization. Our attorneys work on behalf of the public to promote freedom of expression, independent media, and low-cost, universal access to communications services."
And also on it:
   Media Access Project (MAP) is a non-profit, public interest law firm and advocacy organization dedicated to promoting the public?s First Amendment right to access a diverse marketplace of ideas in the mass media system.
   For over 37 years, MAP has promoted the public interest before the FCC and the Courts, advocating for open and diverse media that protect the free flow of information, promote universal and equitable access to media outlets and telecommunications services, and encourage vibrant public discourse on critical issues facing our society. In the words of the Supreme Court:
     ?It is the purpose of the First Amendment to preserve an uninhibited marketplace of ideas in which truth will ultimately prevail, rather than to countenance monopolization of that market, whether it be by the Government itself or a private licensee??
   MAP is the only Washington-based organization devoted to representing listeners? and speakers? interests in communications and technology issues before the Federal Communications Commission, other policy-making bodies, and in the courts. MAP?s staff attorneys provide guidance and representation to scores of national and local non-profit groups annually. They appear frequently at academic, legislative, and professional meetings to ensure that the needs of the public are not forgotten as policies are established for the next generation.
   MAP grew out of the movement that began with the landmark United Church of Christ litigation of the 1960s. Those cases, involving the failure of a Mississippi TV station to serve the African American community, established that members of the viewing and listening public have the legal right, derived from the First Amendment, to participate in FCC proceedings.
   In 1972, lawyers concerned with promoting public accountability and social justice in the media formed the Media Access Project to advance the rights of the public to participate in the democratic process. In its early days, MAP?s work implementing the FCC?s Fairness Doctrine helped open TV networks to anti-war and civil rights activists.
   MAP Today
   According to the National Journal, MAP is ?considered by some ? dollar-for-dollar the best-run public interest group in Washington.?
   MAP occupies a unique role as a Washington thought leader in communications and technology policy. From leading efforts to convince the FCC to create the Low Power FM radio service to being among the first to advocate for open access and network neutrality, MAP provides critical policy leadership and council to the public interest and media reform community. As new media and communication platforms have developed, MAP has fought to assure the public?s right to access is institutionalized and    MAP is at the forefront of efforts to develop media policies which will, quite literally, govern the terms of voter participation and public discourse in the next generation. MAP works to ensure that current and future media and telecommunications technologies promote, and do not impede, democratic values.
So, they may be a resource for defending broader p2p issues in the USA.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-22 09:19:04
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Project Collaboration at Intel: Collaborative 
"Yesterday I posted an example of a Virtual Operations Center, which is turning out to be one of the classic enterprise use cases for virtual worlds today. Above is a tiny blurb representing another, more common case: Project Collaboration. Not a great video, but in its short 1.5 minutes it touches on how other uses cases such Operations or Training tend to merge into or be utilized within Project Collaboration."
Indirectly related to the previous link on the Media Access Project.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-22 09:56:05
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Buy all media companies together for three pennies a 
Just one more off-the-wall idea inspired by rereading through the media section something I wrote in 2004:
   (I forget a lot of stuff I write after I write it. :-)
I'm wondering if we could put a price tag on all the media companies of the world? Let's say it was US$1 trillion. That's just a guess based on a lot of big media companies being worth a few billion dollars and assuming there are fifty or so big ones of declining sizes. It would be nice if someone had a better figure.
Then, hypothetically, maybe one could get a bank loan for that amount and buy them *all*. :-) The interest payments on that loan, at say, 5% might only be US$50 billion a year, and add in an extra US$20 billion a year to retire the principal in thirty years or so.
Once we owned all those media companies, there would no longer be people lobbying to extend media laws about DRM and copyright and so on, so it would be straightforward to get the laws changed back to something reasonable. :-)
So, basically, for US$70 billion a year or so (the interest at 5% on a trillion dollars), we could tame the copyright monster. :-)
So, if we divide that cost by about seven billion people on Earth, the cost to tame copyright works out to US$70 billion divided by seven billion people, or about US$10 a year per person (about ?7? per year).
Or far less (under 5%) of the ?139.50 annual BBC TV license fee for a mostly free internet globally. :-)
   (Yet, I guess we would have to buy the BBC too, as part of that. Not sure they are for sale as a public organization or what they would be valued at, of course, but I'd imagine the UK might take US$20 billion for it? :-)
US$10 dollars a year per person is only about US$0.03 cents a day per person. Basically, three US pennies a day per person globally is all that stands between us and deep copyright reform. :-)
Silly, I know, but it shows how approachable the problem may be, someday, once we have a global mindshift and get our collective act together better.
   --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-22 23:21:59
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Moore: How Greedy Media Execs Killed the News 
"Writer, director and producer Michael Moore explains how the need for short-term profit decimated the newspaper industry. [and other aspects of US He talks about the general trend to shorter stories, smaller words, bigger pictures over the last thirty years.
I disagree with Moore in one aspect that he confuses schooling and education, a point John Taylor Gatto would take him to task for.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-23 22:56:42
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Social Ecology versus Deep Ecology; 
Some more history on the Catton/Malthusian vs. optimistic perspectives, by Murray Bookchin:
   "Social Ecology versus Deep Ecology"
   Essentially, it paints Catton in with the crowd of "Deep Ecology"/"Deep Malthusians" who advocate regressive social policies and ignore the social dimensions that "Social Ecology" tries to grapple with to make the world a better place.
One critical section is:
In failing to emphasize the uniqueness, characteristics, and functions of human societies, or placing them in natural evolution as part of the development of life, or giving full, indeed unique due to human consciousness as a medium for the self-reflective role of human thought as nature rendered self-conscious, deep ecologists essentially evade the social roots of the ecological crisis. They stand in marked distinction to writers like Kropotkin who outspokenly challenged the gross inequities in society that underpin the disequilibrium between society and nature. Deep ecology contains no history of the emergence of society out of nature, a crucial development that brings social theory into organic contact with ecological theory. It presents no explanation of---indeed, it reveals no interest in---the emergence of hierarchy out of society, of classes out of hierarchy, of the State out of classes--in short, the highly graded social as well as ideological development that gets to the roots of the ecological problem in the social domination of women by men and of men by other men, ultimately giving rise to the notion of dominating nature in the first place.
All of which brings us as social ecologists to an issue that seems to be totally alien to the crude concerns of deep ecology: natural evolution has conferred on human beings the capacity to form a second (or cultural) nature out of first (or primeval) nature. Natural evolution has not only provided humans with ability but also with the necessity to be purposive interveners into first nature, to consciously change first nature by means of a highly institutionalized form of community. It is not alien to natural evolution that over billions of years the human species has emerged, capable of thinking in a sophisticated way. Nor is it alien for that species to develop a highly sophisticated form of symbolic communication or that a new kind of community---institutionalized, guided by thought rather than by instinct alone, and ever changing---has emerged called society. Taken together, all of these human traits---intellectual, communicative, and social---have not only emerged from natural evolution and are inherently human; they can also be placed at the service of natural evolution to consciously increase biotic diversity, diminish suffering, foster the further evolution of new an ecologically valuable life-forms, and reduce the impact of disastrous accidents or the harsh effects of mere change.
Ultimately, that is perhaps the essential difference between Catton's world view and my world view. :-) That is why I see that there may be solutions (as socially difficult as they may be to encourage) while Catton has already written humanity and technology off as a bad idea.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-23 23:54:00
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us by Ralph Nader 
That's the name of a new novel by Ralph Nader, not my position. :-)
"This extraordinary story, written by the author who knows the most about citizen action, returns us to the literature of American social movements?to Edward Bellamy, to Upton Sinclair, to John Steinbeck, to Stephen Crane?reminding us in the process that changing the body politic of America starts with imagination."
"Over the years, I have spoken to many super-rich and found many of them discouraged and saddened about our nation?s inability to solve major problems?a society paralyzed because the few have too much political and economic power over the many."
"Ralph Nader has been many things: lawyer, consumer-rights bulldog, political activist and perennial third-party presidential candidate. He has now added a new title to his business card: fiction writer. His latest book, Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us!, is a 700-page populist fantasy in which a small group of billionaires and media moguls ? led by Warren Buffett and including Ted Turner, George Soros, Bill Cosby, Yoko Ono and Phil Donahue ? pool their massive resources to reform the U.S. With the help of a $15 billion war chest and a p.r. campaign starring a talking parrot, the group successfully unionizes Walmart, ends corporate influence on Congress, makes Warren Beatty the governor of California and legalizes industrial hemp. TIME talked to Nader about the origins of his book, its celebrity characters and the U.S.'s real-life political battles. "
Just a reminder, some non-fiction posted here by me: :-)
"[p2p-research] Basic income from a millionaire's perspective?"
Although that essay is from considering the perspective of the USA's millions of millionaires, not its dozens of billionaires.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-25 21:09:27
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] If vaccines were software patches (was Film : 
A starting point to understand the controversy:
"Results 1 - 10 of about 222,000 for vaccine "conflict of interest". (0.33 seconds) "
Something I posted to slashdot (a techy site, so full of programmers and system administrators) in relation to vaccines (with some minor changes):
Here is a software analogy to vaccination, thinking of a vaccine like a software patch for security issues in an operating system. These are the sorts of meta issues that are rarely discussed when focusing on pseudo-arguments about the results of specific studies.
Vaccinations are like software patches that are proprietary closed-source products, that companies make money off of selling, and that patch installation service providers use to drive business throughput for their other services. Much of the regulation of these patches is done by people who have a direct or indirect commercial stake in this industry and convincing people they need the patch.
Vaccinations are like software patches that are generally released with only testing against a small population of software environments; this is like Microsoft releasing a single patch for everyone which modifies *all* x86 PC software in the world (including everything on GNU/Linux x86) after having tested it on a few versions of Windows and looking at the performance afterwards of a few major applications over a few months (or at best, a couple of years). Any problem a few years down the road is considered not to be related to the patch and in any case would be hard to prove. There is little testing of how patches provided at different times for different reasons interact.
Vaccinations are like software patches that you can't back out -- ever. And that is in a world where you only get one Operating System install per user

@_date: 2009-09-26 08:06:10
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us by Ralph Nader 
Good points.
Here is something related on developing a broader humorous perspective on the "super rich", as a section in the on-line book I wrote last year:
   "Post-Scarcity Princeton, or, Reading between the lines of PAW for prospective Princeton students, or, the Health Risks of Heart Disease"
   * Making the whole world into Princeton University, or how Princeton locally stands in the way of Princeton globally :-)
So, the question becomes, how do we go about getting the whole world both accepted into Princeton and also with full tenured Professorships (researchy ones without teaching duties except as desired? :-) And maybe with robots to do anything people did not want to do? This is just intended as a humorous example, of course. I'm not suggesting Princeton would run the world of the future or that everyone would really have Princeton faculty ID cards and parking stickers. Still, that's a thought. :-) That motel for scholars, the Institute For Advanced Study, is already a bit like this (no required teaching duties), so it's an even better model. :-)
     But you might object, who will run the kitchens, repair the roofs, plant Prospect Garden, and so forth? Essentially, who will be the Morlocks to support and maybe eat the Eloi on staff? :-)
     Well, that's where this analogy breaks down, although one could perhaps imagine robots as the Morlocks (maybe without the whole eating PU staff for fuel thing).
          "A prototype robot capable of hunting down over 100 slugs an hour and using their rotting bodies to generate electricity is being developed by engineers at the University of West England's Intelligent Autonomous Systems Also, idleness is nice on occasion, but ultimately, to quote E. F. Schumacher:
          "The Buddhist point of view takes the function of work to be at least threefold: to give [a person] a chance to utilise and develop [his or her] faculties; to enable [a person] to overcome [his or her] ego-centredness by joining with other people in a common task; and to bring forth the goods and services needed for a becoming existence. Again, the consequences that flow from this view are endless. To organise work in such a manner that it becomes meaningless, boring, stultifying, or nerve-racking for the worker would be little short of criminal; it would indicate a greater concern with goods than with people, an evil lack of compassion and a soul-destroying degree of attachment to the most primitive side of this worldly existence. Equally, to strive for leisure as an alternative to work would be considered a complete misunderstanding of one of the basic truths of human existence, namely that work and leisure are complementary parts of the same living process and cannot be separated without destroying the joy of work and the bliss of leisure."
Ah, maybe that explains why so many Princetonians are unhappy? :-( As well as their overworked servants? :-(
That wasn't really fair, as Princetonians are typically the working class of the wealthy (doctors, lawyers, CEOs, hedge fund managers, US presidents, and so on), not the "top out of sight" "super rich" :-) who indirectly employ Princetonians etc. to keep some notion of order in the world as they see it, or at least so suggests Paul Fussell in his book: (don't know whether to take it seriously :-)
     "Class: A Guide Through the American Status System"
     See also:
     "The middle of nowhere"
              (That's just coincidentally where my immediate family lives, as it is still a somewhat intact ecology, and my wife likes trees. :-)
     Tour of the US Income Distribution, "The L-Curve"
              (Note, really "super rich" people are maybe off even *that* curve, since even "Bill Gates" might be the working poor by their standards :-)
Contrary to popular opinion, Fussell suggests the super rich can't see any relevant difference between Princeton and a lowly state school, and so their kids might attend either or none at all. No matter who the kid marries, they'll be super rich. :-) That's the calculus of infinites for you. :-)
     But for the rest of this essay I'll assume Princetonians run things. And they do even in Fussell's view, but more in a sort of administrative way. :-)
Also Fussel suggests a way out in the book -- to live as "Class X" which is perhaps what my immediate family is, not "super rich", or even plain "rich", but living in such a way as it does not matter (much. :-) Really, how many sunrises can you enjoy each day? How many beautiful dandelions can you look at at once? How many organic eggs you raise yourself can you really eat at one sitting? How big does your office really have to be to fit a treadmill and a computer with a few LCD screens? And so on. As long as you don't want to boss millions of people around, there is not much difference between "Class X" and being "Super Rich". And you might expect even bossing gets wearing and boring after a while.
Also, assuming for a moment that Fussell was right about there being "super rich" people, this essay would then be about convincing the super rich to let everyone else (including most Princetonians) become super rich instead of killing all poor people (say people with less than a few billion Euros in liquid assets) as a precaution with military robots, mutant sharks with laser beams, or related stuff (see especially Marshal Brain's "Manna" story).
     One can only hope the super rich might see that in a calculus of infinites that allowing more super rich people might make the planet and solar system more interesting. Like the society of Star Trek's "Q Continuum".
     I'm not talking about actual help, naturally, (and which would take all the fun out of it), so much as just not standing in the way. :-) But let's just pretend I did not say all that, or that Fussell isn't serious about the "super rich". Also, I've taken some liberties with his analysis -- he's not as extreme in his definition of the "super rich" as I am. :-) Besides, accepting the existence of the "super rich" with Princetonians as the "working poor" would make analyzing PAW harder (but also, admittedly, funnier. :-)
[PAW = Princeton Alumni Weekly magazine  ]
So, for the rest of this essay, I'll assume the "scarcity" world (at least in the USA) currently works more like, say, G. William Domhoff suggests:
               "Q: So, who does rule America?
      A: The owners and managers of large income-producing properties; i.e., corporations, banks, and agri-businesses. But they have plenty of help from the managers and experts they hire. ... I will try to demonstrate how rule by the wealthy few is possible despite free speech, regular elections, and organized opposition:
      * "The rich" coalesce into a social upper class that has developed institutions by which the children of its members are socialized into an upper-class worldview, and newly wealthy people are assimilated.
      * Members of this upper class control corporations, which have been the primary mechanisms for generating and holding wealth in the United States for upwards of 150 years now.
      * There exists a network of nonprofit organizations through which members of the upper class and hired corporate leaders not yet in the upper class shape policy debates in the United States.
      * Members of the upper class, with the help of their high-level employees in profit and nonprofit institutions, are able to dominate the federal government in Washington.
      * The rich, and corporate leaders, nonetheless claim to be relatively        * Working people have less power than in many other democratic And what is the current result of that system of social organization? We create a self-fulfilling prophecy of scarcity in part through fearing it, and then acting on that fear. (And the only antidotes to fear are things like joy and humor. :-) Consider, say the US military and Iraq. The USA invades Iraq and produces terrorists that now justify having invaded as well as now devoting more money to the military. :-( Now people are saying the Iraq war, promised as a "cakewalk" will cost about three trillion US dollars before it is done. So, now we need to cut back on US social programs like R&D and nursing homes and also reduce aid to poorer countries (which might have truly helped prevent more problems). Thus we ensure more scarcity at home and abroad.
How much of the US monetarized economy goes into managing "scarcity" in terms of person-hours of work?
* A big chunk of the prison system,
* A big chunk of the legal system,
* A big chunk of the military and police,
* Cashiers,
* Most guards,
* Most of the management chain,
* Most of the banking system,
* Most sales people,
* Most of the insurance industry,
* Most of the Welfare and Medicaid government program staff (eligibility and * Most lawyers and related proceedings,
* Much of the schooling and grading system, and
* Most of the government.
Add it all up, and maybe it is 90% of the person-hours consumed by the money economy by now? That's just a wild guess, of course. :-) I'm sure someone else better with numbers could refute or affirm that. But it is loosely based on a study mentioned in the essay linked below.
If you consider that a lot of service work is unnecessary if people had more free time (babysitting, restaurants, teaching, home construction, entertainment) then even less hours in the money economy are really needed in a society with a lot of leisure to raise children, cook meals, putter around the house, take on apprentices or educate neighbors on demand, and sing their own songs or make up their own stories.
And of course, child-rearing and day-to-day housekeeping and volunteering probably represents many more person-hours than the 10% or so of the total person-hours that the money economy uses for real production (actual work on factory goods, actual labor in agriculture, actual work making energy etc.). So clearly people will do important tasks for intrinsic benefits.
Things may have been different 100 years ago when most US Americans still lived on somewhat subsistence farms, and so most work was local and for one's own family and business. But somewhere during the past century, I'd speculate a shift happened where the amount of hours spent guarding exceeded the amount of effort spent producing. And then it probably just got worse from there, to the current situation where most work was related to guarding, even though work that is mostly guarding may also euphemistically be called "cashiering", "teaching", "managing", and so on. Pick almost any job and take most of the guarding out of it and it becomes more enjoyable.
It's important to look at the hours people work on various tasks, not the money value assigned to the tasks. If all those person hours are going into guarding functions, then of course there is little time left over for playful productive work.
And note, this estimate is without even giving a long hard look to rethinking how things could be done to be easier or more fun. Down the road, once tasks are redesigned to ignore the guarding aspects, they might be more efficiently done. For example, think of all the time people waste waiting in supermarket checkout lines or at toll booths. Or the time educators devote to attendance monitoring and grading.
The above is all an echo of this essay by Bob Black :
     "The Abolition of Work" (written as I graduated in 1985, but I only saw it a couple years ago through the internet)
          "Work is the source of nearly all the misery in the world. Almost any evil you'd care to name comes from working or from living in a world designed for work. In order to stop suffering, we have to stop working."
See also:
"[p2p-research] Basic income from a millionaire's perspective?"
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-26 16:42:37
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Promoting wellness through p2p, 
Taken from:
And, more at that URL: "... I won't go through his misunderstandings point by point. It's a long article and much of its wrongheadedness is related to how he strings together facts and his emphases. ... But in 1918 we didn't have factory farms, either, those exquisite hothouses of virulent viruses. What are the biggest factory farms? Hogs and poultry. It doesn't much matter if this virus came from one originally or not. Their very existence means that if an influenza virus gets into that population (as it has for avian influenza) it will become enzootic and constitute a continuing experimental laboratory for the virus to find the right recipe to wreak havoc. ... But we don't even have the beds to give it a try to begin with. Our big city emergency rooms periodically and routinely go "on diversion," meaning that they divert the ambulance that's on its way their hospital to another hospital. The main reason is not the already ludicrous long waits in the ER but the shortage of critical care beds, the ones with the ventilators and skilled nursing that Holland thinks will now save people seriously ill with flu. It's a common mistake. But it's a mistake. Even a bad regular flu season can break the system. ..."
I guess I don't understand what is "supremely wrongheaded" in that story?
Other than, as "Revere", a person who makes his or her living as a medical care professional (wonder what conflicts of interest?), points out, the US health care system and industrial food system are very broken?
See also:
"Critical Alert: The Swine Flu Pandemic ? Fact or Fiction? "
"Your Fear Will Make Some People VERY Rich in Today's Crumbling Economy ... More than half a dozen pharmaceutical companies, including Gilead Sciences Inc., Roche, GlaxoSmithKline and other companies with a stake in flu treatments and detection, have seen a rise in their shares in a matter of days, and will likely see revenue boosts if the swine flu outbreak continues to spread. Swine flue is extremely convenient for governments that would have very soon have to dispose of billions of dollars of Tamiflu stock, which they bought to counter avian flu, or H5N1.  The US government ordered 20 million doses, costing $2 billion, in October, 2005, and around that time the UK government ordered 14.6 million doses.  Tamiflu?s manufacturer, Roche, has confirmed that the shelf life of its anti-viral is three years. As soon as Homeland Security declared a health emergency, 25 percent -- about 12 million doses -- of Tamiflu and Relenza treatment courses were released from the nation's stockpile. However, beware that the declaration also allows unapproved tests and drugs to be administered to children. Many health- and government officials are more than willing to take that chance with your life, and the life of your child. But are you? "
"Despite Anti-Vitamin D Bias, CDC Stumbles on Deficiency Link to H1N1 Deaths"
"As the advent of the experimental swine flu vaccine program draws near, I want to highlight the information coming out that confirms the importance of having sufficient vitamin D levels in order to limit your chances of contracting the swine flu, or any other influenza for that matter."
"What to do If You Are Forced to Take Swine Flu Shot "
"Treatment for Toxic Vaccine Exposure"
Another 2009 report in the journal Pediatric Research stated that infants and children appear more susceptible to viral rather than bacterial infections when deficient in vitamin D. And that, based on the available evidence showing a strong connection between vitamin D, infections, and immune function in children, vitamin D supplementation may be a valuable therapy in pediatric medicine. ... I often find that some of the simplest explanations are the truest, and this sounds about as simple as it gets. And, getting appropriate amounts of sunshine (or taking a vitamin D supplement when you can?t get healthy amounts of sun exposure) is one of my KEY preventive strategies against the cold and flu, as it has such a strengthening effect on your immune system.  ... I have not received a flu shot nor had the flu in over 20 years. Here are the other ?secrets? I use to keep the flu (and other illnesses) at bay:
     * Eat right for your nutritional type, including avoiding sugar
     * Eliminate sugar from your diet
     * Eat garlic regularly
     * Consume a high-quality krill oil daily
     * Exercise
     * Get adequate sleep
     * Address emotional stress
     * Wash your hands regularly (but not excessively)
Granted, Mercola sells products, so he can not be considered unbiased. But many others who don't sell products will tell you the same about vitamin D and omega-3s and all sorts of other things.
Think of it this way: If flu is the symptom, what is the disease? :-)
Well, that epidemiologist has pointed out at least two parts of the disease

@_date: 2009-09-27 08:26:31
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Rhetoric of Rationing Health Care Overlooks Reality 
The r-word has become a rejoinder to anyone who says that this country must reduce its runaway health spending, especially anyone who favors cutting back on treatments that don?t have scientific evidence behind them. You can expect to hear a lot more about rationing as health care becomes the dominant issue in Washington this summer. Today, I want to try to explain why the case against rationing isn?t really a substantive argument. It?s a clever set of buzzwords that tries to hide the fact that societies must make In the long term I don't think we will need to ration what we now consider most of the basics on an individual level (food, water, healthcare, toys, shelter, communications, transport, etc.; see Voyage from Yesteryear by James P. Hogan for an example), but currently we are doing that, and this article talks about how to do it better in the USA for healthcare.
In general, Iain banks said: "Money is a sign of poverty". One meaning of that is, if you have to ration day-to-day things for individuals, you don't have enough of them because your technology is not very good. So, if you have 3D printers that can print solar panels and more 3D printers just from inputs of dirt, water, and air, and previously printed things (recycling) then why would you need money very much day-to-day? Maybe for allocating land you might need some sort of rationing, but that is such a different thing from the day-to-day rationing we see in our current system revolving around spending money at stores.
I've repeatedly called dollars "ration units" to help make clear that our current economic system is more about rationing than optimum wealth creation.
Anyway, one deep issue of p2p is really, how would p2p change the types of rationing we do in our society? And how would p2p change how we do each type of rationing?
I've been looking more at the "Venus Project" and I think this is an issue it glosses over (from what I have seen so far). Jacque Fresco and Roxanne Meadows may intuitively understand that with good engineering rationing the basics won't be a big deal anymore. They reference "cybernetics" as a way to approach this, and I agree that's a good idea (like Cybersyn) as long as you have something of a command economy or even market economy (gift economies and subsistence economies may work differently with less formal planning). But, the details still have to be worked out (unless they have in the Venus Project and I have just not found them yet as I continue to learn about that):
      Even in a "resource base" economy", the society collectively makes decisions about how to invest and deploy and distribute resources. Now, those rationing decisions may be a lot easier the more resources we have, especially once humans can easily live in seasteads and space habitats built from local materials. But, even then, they will still be made. So, a big question is, how to make them well? And well for whom? (Who pays the costs and who gets the benefits?) And how do we get there from here?
--Paul Fernhout
(I walked 0.24 miles while writing this as part of my health care plan. :-)

@_date: 2009-09-27 12:10:15
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Rhetoric of Rationing Health Care Overlooks 
That's a great point; you really need to look at the entire social/physical system to understand how to make it as healthy as possible.
Compulsory schools are one of the biggest ways flu gets spread. Compulsory work is one reason parents have to rely on the compulsory schools in the USA. (In places with better social networks and family ties (overall) like Mexico, there are relative to help out with child care, so it is easier to close schools.)
Would the world be a healthier place if social interactions in relation to providing food and goods were optional? Like if people could print stuff at home? Bryan Bishop raises this point about our inability to know how to do local life support. But, even then, the issue isn't necessarily absolute independence or dependence, but the time constant of dependence. Grid power makes you dependent on the power company second-by-second, but you might only need to buy solar panels from a big company once every thirty years; so there is a real difference in freedom and independence with such a change, even if a big company was involved either way. Buying your produce at the store is a daily or weekly interaction, but growing your own vegetables means just one trip a year for supplies. There can be a huge difference in levels of required interactions if you rethink the infrastructure, even if there still is material dependence. (Of course, education at home through the internet and food delivered by robot delivery vans would remove the face-to-face aspects of those thing in crowded situations.)
Some vaccinations for children (especially something like flu vaccination) are justified in practice so the parents can keep working and so the schools can keep schooling (assuming they really worked and did not cause more illnesses down the road in other ways). What are the odds that one year there may be a really bad batch of flu vaccine and the CDC has to explain why it suggested everyone now get at least 80 flu shots in an 80 year lifespan? That's a lot of shots, when just the physical risk of a shot exists (like if the substance is injected into a vein, or the needle is not sterile, or if the health practitioner sticks themselves afterwards by accident, or people get flu waiting in line for flu shots, and so on.)
It's one thing to argue risk/reward for an injection about avoiding meningitis or polio; it's another to argue risk/reward for an injection about avoiding the flu. Most flu deaths are of the very old, people, who will, sadly die one way or other. Much of the arguments for vaccinating young kids is also about protecting the old (who seem to get little benefit from direct flu vaccination), so there is a case here of the young taking a risk and paying a cost to help the very old. The theory is, if you keep kids from spreading flu to each other in schools, that the elderly will benefit. This smacks of the ongoing age-wars in the USA of how the old in the USA have universal health care through Medicare and Medicaid but the young have to pay for it and have no guaranteed access. Now the young kids get to take it on the chin (or in the arm) for grandma, too:
"Doubts Grow Over Flu Vaccine in Elderly"
"A growing number of immunologists and epidemiologists say the vaccine probably does not work very well for people over 70, the group that accounts for three-fourths of all flu deaths. The latest blow was a study in The Lancet last month that called into question much of the statistical evidence for the vaccine?s effectiveness. ... Not everyone is sold on the significance of the Lancet study. ?I think this is another study that provides interesting findings and raises questions,? said Dr. Kristin Nichol, chief of medicine at the Veterans Affairs hospital in Minneapolis. ?I don?t think we know yet what the final word is on influenza vaccinations in the elderly.  ?I really feel, and I feel very strongly about this, that the public health message should be that vaccines are effective,? she continued. ?I don?t think that science is necessarily best hashed out in the media.? ... In 2005, Dr. Simonsen, who was then at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in Bethesda, Md., published a paper in The Archives of Internal Medicine that found something odd: even though the percentage of older people who got an annual flu shot more than tripled from 1980 to 2001, there was no corresponding drop in the death rate. ... Despite these findings, Dr. Shay said the C.D.C. had no plans to change its vaccine recommendations, though he added that the agency had financed studies to look for more effective influenza vaccines for the elderly."
It's amazing how all medicine is "safe and effective" until it is not. And even when it is suggested by what seem to me to be irrefutable statistics it is not "effective" in some way that was claimed (reducing the death rate of the elderly), policy does not change.
Nonetheless, and maybe it shows my being too much of a cynic/pessimist, but I'm still amazed how much the grassroots pushback is going viral all of a sudden. :-) Must be some exponential trend I did not notice. Catchy rap tune on the video here:
"Parents Say No to Forced and Compulsory School Vaccinations "
"I'm writing because I'm extremely concerned about reports that the schools are going to force parents to have their children vaccinated for the H1N1 swine -avian-human flu"
We're seeing a sudden swirl of p2p activity related to the intersection of technology and society and economy and schooling.
Whatever one may say about whether vaccines ever work or not, clearly the hierarchy that surrounds them (at least in the USA) is fundamentally broken in terms of encouraging trust of it. So, some more people are resisting the compulsion to stick their kids with even more needles to stick them in school (still not questioning the school part, much, though).
The fact is, whether vaccines work or not, the US medical establishment has brought this distrust on themselves by allowing so many conflict-of-interest to persist for so long in the medical establishment.
A google search I posted two days ago:
  "Results 1 - 10 of about 383,000 for vaccine conflicts of interest. (0.12 Wow -- just two days ago there were only 222,000 matches. (See my previous post on this topic, "If vaccines were like software patches...".) So, almost double the matches in two days. Wonder if this is just a technical artifact of something about Google? Or does it show rapid exponential growth?
I'll be curious if this number changes in a couple of days.
Just to begin with, regardless of the history of vaccination, why should one trust *anything* about a medical care system that leaves tens of millions of people without ready access to health care in the supposedly richest country in the world? Really, it's just common sense that if you care about your health, you should care about the health of everyone, especially as regards resisting communicable diseases by staying well and having a healthy immune system -- well rested, well fed, nursed by WHO guidelines (two years+), etc..
Anyway, while I agree with you about the technological dimensions, I still feel social aspects of all this are just as important as the technology, IMHO.
"Getting to 100 social-technical points (was Re: a Change)"
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-27 12:56:37
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Rhetoric of Rationing Health Care Overlooks 
I made a mistake here. The previous search I did was on "conflict" singular, not "conflicts", plural.
This is the same search as last time:
   "Results 1 - 10 of about 261,000 for vaccine conflict of interest. (0.11 seconds) "
The number has gone up by 20% in two days (from 222,000 to 261,000), not doubled. Sorry. So, not as much of a trend as I posted on (about seven times slower were it to keep up at that rate).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-27 13:47:37
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: - Film : SILENCE, 
An article about bias on scienceblogs:
"?Science?Blogs: Seed Media?s Aggressive Weed" Curious about Seed Media Group?s funding sources, ...
Does this science blogs controversy remind me a little of the astroturfing about how bad Canadian health care supposedly is?
"Defending Canada's Health Care: Truths and Lies"
"Americans Who've Used Canada's Health-Care System Respond to Current Big-Lie Media Campaign"
So much money is at stake, and so much cultural bias is involved (especially as regards elitism), that it's hard to know who to believe.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-27 19:24:41
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 Reasons 
Try elephants, whales, and dolphins. And since the West often defines "human" as Judeo-Christian with European ancestry, try other religions and Try octopuses.
   "600 lb Octopus Escapes Through Hole Size of Quarter"
   Try Google.
Try illegal immigrants from other cultures.
Only if you are a virtual person.
   "Our Babies, Ourselves: How Biology and Culture Shape the Way We Parent"
   Or, to pay attention to the old ones like Buckminster Fuller, Ursula K. Le Guin, Jacque Fresco, Roxanne Meadows, Mahatma Gandhi, John Holt, Grace Llewellyn, and so on...
Might be nice to use try using the ones we have.
   "How selfish soever man may be supposed, there are evidently some principles in his nature, which interest him in the fortunes of others, and render their happiness necessary to him, though he derives nothing from it, except the pleasure of seeing it. Of this kind is pity or compassion, the emotion we feel for the misery of others, when we either see it, or are made to conceive it in a very lively manner. That we often derive sorrow from the sorrows of others, is a matter of fact too obvious to require any instances to prove it; for this sentiment, like all the other original passions of human nature, is by no means confined to the virtuous or the humane, though they perhaps may feel it with the most exquisite sensibility. The greatest ruffian, the most hardened violator of the laws of society, is not altogether without it."
That was from Adam Smith!
Sure. :-)
Sure. :-(
Read the 1979 sci-fi novel "The Two Faces of Tomorrow" by James P. Hogan, available online:
   "The Two Faces Of Tomorrow"
    From chapter 5:
"About a week ago, Titan came within a hair's breadth of killing five people," Lewis told him somberly. Dyer stared at him incredulously. Before he could say anything, Lewis went on. "It appears that hesper program structures are capable of integrating to a far greater degree than anybody thought. They're starting to link things together in ways they were never supposed to and the results in behavior are impossible to predict."
   Hoestler explained, in response to the still bemused look on Dyer's face. "It used the Maskelyne mass-driver to bomb an ISA survey team on the Moon. Could have wiped them out."
   "What?" Dyer turned an incredulous face toward Lewis but the Dean nodded regretfully to confirm Hoestler's words.
   "One of the hesper-controlled subsystems in the Tycho node was given the job of shifting a piece of terrain that was forming an obstruction," he explained. "It was supposed to use normal earth-moving equipment to do it, but nobody bothered to tell it that. Somehow it managed to connect together information from several subsystems that shouldn't have been connected, and came up with what it thought was a better shortcut to solving the problem. According to the people who analyzed the system dump afterward, it seemed quite proud of itself."
Well, it may be more than just one AI. And, unlike in Two Faces of Tomorrow, people may be a more integral part of an emerging noosphere. But for those who believe in a coming singularity, accept that it might be a reflection of our values, and let's get our moral house in order first (like, universal health care, global abundance, a global basic income, a gift economy, local subsistence through 3D printing of open designs, renewable energy, mutual security, ending compulsory schooling, reducing prison populations and ending the drug war, widespread understanding of the techniques of conflict resolution, a good balance of meshworks and hierarchies, a "global mindshift", and so on).
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-27 20:19:45
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: - Film : SILENCE, 
Here is another example why it is hard to discuss this topic:
   "After a tragic loss, family steps up in flu vaccine trials"
   The article describes how a six month old kid died ten days after getting a flu shot, with two siblings in school, apparently from asphyxiation from mucus built up in the young child's throat. Now, that is a terrible tragedy for that family. And it certainly is understandable that they want to prevent that tragedy from happening to other families; it is a noble and appropriate thing that they want to do *something* about that to help others, even though it will never bring back their loved one.
 From the article:
A postmortem showed his airway was plugged by mucus, which caused respiratory failure and cardiac arrest. Two things still nag at Julie Moise: First, how often doctors and nurses said "it's just the flu." More troubling is the guilt Moise feels because she and her husband weren't vaccinated. "You have to wonder," says Moise, a flight attendant, "did I bring it home?"
   Ian's death turned the family into activists. They joined a group of other parents who've lost children, called Families Fighting Flu, to call attention to the risks of neglecting vaccination. They launched Ian's Rainbow Flu Foundation, which sponsors flu walks and vaccination clinics. And when the chance popped up to enroll their children in the vaccine trial, the Moises grabbed it.
Now, there are a lot of issues here that might be discussed:
* the ineffectiveness of flu shots as in this case (or even how shots may be causing the flu by damaging the immune system of a six month old unable to process any toxins in the shot due to having a small liver),
* the problems of compulsory schooling as a disease vector,
* the likely lack of extended nursing (Was that woman was nursing her six month old if still working as a flight attendant? There is more than a 50% chance in the USA that kid was no longer being nursed even without a working mom, even thought WHO recommendations say nursing should continue to age two and beyond),
* the possible lack of other defensive health strategies like increasing vitamin D or other wellness approaches,
* the need for compulsory work by parents of young children creating exposure outside the home to flu, and
* the increasing unhealthiness of global air travel with cost cutting to reduce fresh air in cabins and increase cabin crowding.
Details on one of those points:
   "Is it OK to Breastfeed When You?re Sick?"
   Yes, it?s still OK to breastfeed and you shouldn?t stop breastfeeding even if you become ill or are being treated for the flu, the March of Dimes says.   Breastfeeding passes antibodies from the mother to the baby that help to fight off infection -- this is important in infants when their immune system is still developing.  Babies who are breastfed do not become as ill, and are sick less often from the flu, than babies who are not breastfed.  Be careful not to cough or sneeze in the baby?s face, and wash your hands often with soap and water.  Your health care provider might suggest that you wear a mask to avoid spreading the virus to your baby.
A nursing mother's immune system is scanning the environment for potential threats and her body is building things to help her baby cope with those threats. Formula just can't do that.
But, rather than explore any of those deep issues about our society, including perhaps how compulsory work (due to an income-through-jobs link in our society instead of a basic income) and ignorance about the value of breastfeeding, may have helped kill that baby, the conclusion is, "kids need more flu shots".
Now, maybe that is even true that kids do need more shots (even as I doubt it, based on Mercola and others writing about alternatives like increased vitamin D and so on), but the point is, the discussion about alternative interpretations is not being had in the mainstream media; it is only being had in the p2p arena.
So many issues are "off the table" in the USA from (in the past) impeaching Bush to (in the present) providing single-payer health care.
   But, issues like nuking Iran are apparently *not* "off the table".
   Where exactly is this table located, anyway? Someplace warm, I suspect. :-(
Thank goodness at least these sorts of issues are "on the table" in the p2p realm. :-)
(Anyway, sorry to use one family's tragedy to make a point. Hopefully exploration of these issues can help prevent other such tragedies.)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-27 20:57:00
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | StackOverflow For Any Topic 
"StackOverflow, the successful question-and-answer website for programmers, is now over a year old and its top user has just passed 100,000 reputation points. Now one of the creators of StackOverflow, Joel Spolsky, and his company Fog Creek, are developing a software-as-a-service form of the StackOverflow engine called StackExchange to support any topic you want. The software is currently in private beta, but the first few beta sites have surfaced. Topics include business travel, the home, parenthood, the environment, finance, and iPhone game development."
Lots of links in that paragraph.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-28 10:31:29
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the coming age of scarcity industrialism 
Michel Bauwens wrote (quoting):
Look in a forest. For thousands of years one can see trees growing from just sunlight, air, water, and soil. Why can our technology not be adapted to do the same? Even *without* biotech?
Seriously, with various adjustments, the USA spends literally about a trillion dollars a year on "defense".
   How much would it cost to do the R&D and deployment on better industrial systems even in the worst case?
The USA just magicked trillions of dollars to bailout some rich people's bets in a last round of a pyramid scheme out of fear that "the banking system would seize up". Why can the USA not magic a few trillion for me, Bryan, and millions of other people interested in these issues to just fix this for everyone, if there is a real fear the industrial system will seize up? Isn't everyone eating and having shelter, transportation, and toys at least as important as the bank balances of financially obese people?
Even for helium, our worst case constrained resource that practically no one talks about (except some physicists), you can chill it out of the air at 100X the cost (maybe less with innovations) or you can use other cooling techniques and other welding techniques that don't require helium, plus there are better and better ways to conserve helium being developed.
But, we've had this discussion before. :-) IMHO, the human imagination is the ultimate resource, and powered by the internet, the human imagination is stronger than ever: :-)
   So, we are not running out of the resource that matters most, IMHO. Now, if we only had a trillion more people alive to help with all this. :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-28 11:19:28
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] shots in the dark/p2p article 
From that article: "The alternative-therapy industry is worth billions of pounds and the techniques used to market it are very familiar: buzzwords like ?natural? and ?holistic?, distortions of trial data, the denigration of mainstream medicine, conspiracy theories involving the pharmaceutical industry, and so on. They are indulged because they seem harmless, and tend to target the ?worried well?. But what would happen if we took these sleights of hand and transplanted them out of our Western context, into a situation where medicines can literally mean living or dying?"
I don't know enough about the focus there on AIDS and various treatments to comment on that.
But, echoing Michel's theme of a diversity of issues, here is another item recently in the non-mainstream news, so I don't know how true it is, but this is as an example of what that article suggests is bad in that case but actually may work in *some* cases:
"Successful Use of Homeopathy In Over 2.5 Million People Reported From Cuba"
Part of the reason for this is that the high cost of vaccination prevents putting but the most at-risk populations (ie children, pregnant women, elderly) on vaccination. The cost of such limited vaccination is about    But in Aug 2007, Finlay put approximately [2,500,000] people (yes! 5 million doses!) in 2 provinces on homoepathic nosode prophylaxis at the cost of about only US$ 200,000.
   That figure represents the entire population of the 2 provinces. The prophylaxis consisted of 2 single doses about 2 weeks apart. Included in the dose was the Lepto nosode + some Bach flower remedies to address the mental distress of the disaster situation.
   How very amazing it was to watch this presentation being made. Up to the point, the presenters were showing us graph after graph of the usual rise of the epidemic, year after year, even with the use of allopathic vaccination. Each year the graphs would edge higher and higher towards the year-end, reaching up to the thousands of infected.
   But this time, within 2 weeks after Aug 2007, the rising lines literally dropped off the chart to ZERO-Ten infections only! Yes. Near-zero infections, zero deaths from leptospirosis after Aug 2007. And in 2008, no deaths, infections less than 10 a month.
Still, I'll believe it more if I see more evidence. But, clearly, there are alternatives to mainstream medicine, and the parts of mainstream medicine that work are often based on refining herbs and such. So, as Michel suggests, there is a diversity of issues here. And personally, when homeopathic (infinitely diluted) medicines work, I tend to suspect it is about the extra things that are added, like in this case, Bach flowers, or in other cases, silver as a preservative.
Even doctors will say they are often told the first day of medical school that 50% of what they are taught will be obsolete or proven wrong within ten years. Of course, the problem is, no one knows which 50%. :-)
As is said here:
   "With Drugs Scarce, Cuba Tries Natural Cures"
   But alternative medicine has many supporters in Cuba. "Natural medicine is less toxic and has a medical basis. The most important thing is that it has   application," said Juventino Acosta, director of the clinic here in Matanzas, a port city 60 miles east of Havana. "We do not accept anything that does not have a scientific basis."
Doctors in practice often say weaselly things like "there is no evidence for danger" when what they should say is, "there was no funding for studies to show danger because that might interfere with profits of someone".
We need more money to study lots of alternatives as a society. But the money goes to other things (war, expensive health interventions, compulsory schooling for an 19th century factory economy, etc.).
As much as I've always like the "scientific method" as an idea (even ignoring in practice that's not how most scientists work), the fact is, science and politics and economics are interwoven.
   "In this riveting book about the world of professional work, Jeff Schmidt demonstrates that the workplace is a battleground for the very identity of the individual, as is graduate school, where professionals are trained. He shows that professional work is inherently political, and that professionals are hired to subordinate their own vision and maintain strict ?ideological Peer-to-Peer at least gets around some of that. But you are right to be skeptical. We need to build better institutions that still adhere to some notion of rigorous testing and peer review while somehow are able to get around this other block of conflict-of-interest and political hiring. I don't know formally how to do that.
Other people don't know either. Here is one explanation for the corruption of "peer review" in academia, by the Vice Provost of Caltech (Dr. David Goodstein), related to how academia stopped its exponential growth in the 1970s while still continuing to produce a vast number of PhDs as if it would keep growing exponentially:
     Peer review is usually quite a good way to identify valid science. Of course, a referee will occasionally fail to appreciate a truly visionary or revolutionary idea, but by and large, peer review works pretty well so long as scientific validity is the only issue at stake. However, it is not at all suited to arbitrate an intense competition for research funds or for editorial space in prestigious journals. There are many reasons for this, not the least being the fact that the referees have an obvious conflict of interest, since they are themselves competitors for the same resources. This point seems to be another one of those relativistic anomalies, obvious to any outside observer, but invisible to those of us who are falling into the black hole. It would take impossibly high ethical standards for referees to avoid taking advantage of their privileged anonymity to advance their own interests, but as time goes on, more and more referees have their ethical standards eroded as a consequence of having themselves been victimized by unfair reviews when they were authors. Peer review is thus one among many examples of practices that were well suited to the time of exponential expansion, but will become increasingly dysfunctional in the difficult future we face.
   We must find a radically different social structure to organize research and education in science after The Big Crunch. That is not meant to be an exhortation. It is meant simply to be a statement of a fact known to be true with mathematical certainty, if science is to survive at all. The new structure will come about by evolution rather than design, because, for one thing, neither I nor anyone else has the faintest idea of what it will turn out to be, and for another, even if we did know where we are going to end up, we scientists have never been very good at guiding our own destiny. Only this much is sure: the era of exponential expansion will be replaced by an era of constraint. Because it will be unplanned, the transition is likely to be messy and painful for the participants. In fact, as we have seen, it already is. Ignoring the pain for the moment, however, I would like to look ahead and speculate on some conditions that must be met if science is to have a future as well as a past.
So, reforming the very nature of science education and science communications and science funding is a big challenge that some in academia A book on cognitive dissonance in decision making that explains how Dr. Goodstein's observation could be true, that even the best academics can go down a slippery slope of fraud one step at a time (same as police start to plant evidence for some people where they think it is extremely justified and then end up planting it for everyone):
   "Mistakes Were Made (But Not by Me): Why We Justify Foolish Beliefs, Bad Decisions, and Hurtful Acts"
   By the way, this is hard for me to believe, but yesterday this search result had only 261,000 matches, but now has 920,000.
"Results 1 - 10 of about 920,000 for vaccine conflict of interest. (0.12 Hope I'm not making another mistake in tracking that value. Wonder what it will be next week? Or maybe it is just some funky Google variation?
But even the variation on that search has leaped up from 383,00:
"Results 1 - 10 of about 1,270,000 for vaccines conflict of interest. (0.35 Anyway, I think Michel is right overall. There is some deep peer-to-peer issue here. It is even implied in the phrase "peer review". But it may take a lot to fix this deep, deep interwoven set of problems that Goodstein and Schmidt and others (Gatto, etc.) point out.
And on medicine specifically, these issues go way back to the 1970s:
   "Book: Limits to Medicine. Medical Nemesis: The Expropriation of Health"
  Two comments from reviewers:
   "Medical Nemesis" by Ivan Illich"
This highly referenced text, orginially written in the late 70's, outlines a well presented documentation of why medicine has not positively impacted modern life. Illich argues that iatrogenic illness is far more common than we realize. It's a must read for anyone intersted in the evolution of our views on "disease" and what constitutes health!
Ilyich wrote this a generation-plus ago, yet his messages resonate today. We have depersonalized our lives in so many ways, by bringing the industrial model into realms that were meant for emotion, feeling, and art. The influx of industry-thought into medicine has torn the sensitive heart from many care-givers and patients alike. His text is a bit lengthy and is repetitive in spots, and can be challenged on the facts in others. Overall, his concerns about the choices we have made socially and medically remain valid.
So, there are some deep issues here, and they have been recognized for decades but not acted on. I wonder if the combination of the swine flu issue, in the middle of a debate about health care in the USA, and in the context of some other trends like p2p on the internet, is causing some sort of upheaval of social consciousness on this theme?
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-28 12:09:27
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open source is a company; 
From being around some open source projects, and having read a lot of the emails about various other ones, I think there is a lot of variety.
I read somewhere Linus Torvalds had a lot of success with the Linux kernel because, while he wrote so-so implementations, he wrote great interfaces, which let other programers improve the implementations; and his personality style and humor fit in well with a certain culture.
The Apache project, with maybe twenty core contributors early on, who were heavily systems administrators, is a different story in collaboration.
See, for example:
"The Myth of the Benevolent Dictator"
"Of course, like other simplistic comparisons it's nonsense. If you look at the most popular and well-funded OSS projects, they run the entire gamut of leadership structures: Apache was started by a triumvirate and now has a non-profit beaurocracy; Eclipse is a trade council; Debian is raw democracy bordering on anarchy; PostgreSQL is democratic; MySQL is a company with a half-dozen executives; Java is a huge mess of different organizations and companies; and Perl is nominally a dictatorship but I defy anyone to name the last time Larry Wall gave someone an order."
Also, projects can change in needs. Guido van Rossum, a brilliant guy and "benevolent dictator for life" for the Python project filled that role very well in the early years. (Although, remember, he was taking ideas from the academic ABC project he had been a programmer on and putting them in a new context, so he had stuff to draw from that may have been designed differently.) As Python has grown and diversified, his status as "bevelonent dictator" has grown more problematical.
Still, Python has done well because Guido made aspects of it modular. In general, software that is designed to be modular has less social issues. :-) There is less reason for there to be central bottlenecks and core arguments if software is modular.
Squeak is a good anti-pattern in that regard. :-( It has had endless problems and strife due to lack of modularity, because that put a lot of pressure on a small group of people who started it at Apple and then went to Disney. But that core group had other priorities so they neglected addressing that modularity issue and related ones, thinking the community might magically fix it, when they were not making a virtue out of lack of modularity. Squeak also had licensing issues that prevented fixing the modularity (both the original license itself not being FOSS except in spirit, and the lack of clarity of the licensing of contributions). If you started to fix the modularity or other issues, fixes got left behind by the core group because it was not a priority. But forking was problematical because you would be stuck with a non-standard license at the core, and so was it worth making the investment to fix the problems? The two issues (modularity and license) were interwoven (because you could not really easily fix one without the other), but people in the community did not seem to understand this.
Both were issues I wrote about at length many years ago, with some huge disagreements from some people in the community including one lawyer on the list who endlessly defended the originally Squeak license. One example of my comments from 2001:
   An example of intimidating lawyer speak by a lawyer that, in the end, proved wrong as far as the effects on the community:
   I'll note that as between Paul and myself: one of us is a well-regarded,
published computer lawyer, and the other is not.  Disney, and their
lawyers seemed unafraid.  Apple and their lawyers seemed unafraid.
Exobox and their lawyers seemed unafraid.  Gentle readers are invited to
decide for themselves.  Clearly, each individual should consult their
own attorney whom they have hired to represent their interests.
   But the kind of comfort Paul seeks in an open source project is
unavailable anywhere.   There are huge legal risks inherent risks in ALL
open source development projects -- anything less than a dedication to
the public domain risks a unilateral revocation of each and every
contribution.  Paul seeks a degree of comfort at odds with every open
source ethic, and not likely to be found anywere.  Apple just released
(indeed, bet the farm) by committing to an OS relying on the
reasonableness of a vast amount of BSD and open source software and
their licenses, none of which meets the standards Paul insists are
   The legal questions ARE interesting and worthy of discussion, however,
just as are the issues of modularity.  None of these issues require, let
alone suggest the virtues of, a fork, however.  None of them.
What he did not know, and I did not want to make a point of then, was that I had had IBM's lawyers review the license, so I was speaking in part from that knowledge as well as my growing knowledge of software communities. And the result was that Squeak missed a chance to be something much greater, especially in the face of competition from Java. (Squeak still was pretty nifty, anyway.)
But those two issues (modularity and license) are now, almost a decade later, finally being addressed in the pharo fork. :-)
   "Pharo's goal is to deliver a clean, innovative, free open-source Smalltalk environment. By providing a stable and small core system, excellent developer tools, and maintained releases, Pharo is an attractive platform to build and deploy mission critical Smalltalk applications. Pharo is MIT licensed and is steered by a board of benevolent dictators. The board makes final decisions if no consensus can be reached within the community. Pharo fosters a healthy ecosystem of both private and commercial contributors who advance and maintain the core system and its external packages. ...
The license of Pharo is MIT. All contributors are required to sign our license agreement."
That was done more or less as I suggested back in 2001 (and a few times later), finally with a significant group of core people pushing it along (not me though, even though that is what I wanted to do back then). I'd moved onto other things myself (Jython and Java, mostly) after years of agita from all that (though I was trying out the latest verion of pharo the other day, and it was pretty nice).
Though, even then, it's not clear to me the actual status of contributions done while the core group was at Disney (any other company than Disney and it would be easier to take some statements about that on faith). Even Python had a problem with that at one point for work done at a not-profit that later claimed Guido had no rights to release his work; it got patched over but that's one reason the Python license is so long with various sections. "In anticipation of the transition to BeOpen.com, a difficult question was the future ownership of Python. CNRI insisted on changing the license and requested that we release Python 1.6 with this new license. The old license used while I was still at CWI had been a version of the MIT license. The releases previously made at CNRI used a slightly modified version of that license, with basically one sentence added where CNRI disclaimed most responsibilities. The 1.6 license however was a long wordy piece of lawyerese crafted by CNRI's lawyers."
Even now, years later, I wonder if Disney can spring a similar things. (Publicity issues might hurt Disney too much now though.) A license is like a foundation for cooperation. If the foundation is problematical, it's hard to know if the rest of a structure is worth fixing. The nice thing about the GPL is that it provided a straightforward foundation for collaboration, essentially, it became like a de-factor peer-to-peer community constitution.
Anyway, that's all part of why I was so picky about licenses. Thankfully, these issues seem better understood a decade later, and the large culture has changed, so people seem to be releasing code under standard licenses more and more these days (even as there remain issues in people being clear about what they are doing sometimes). That is one reason Squeak eventually changed; the rest of the world (e.g. Debian) rejected it in part due to a quirky license.
So, even in software, one can see how infrastructure and social dynamics (including licensing) affect one another in positive and negative ways.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-28 20:51:01
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Re: Growing the 21st Century Economy 
Forwarded below I just sent to my congressman, plus I sent a copy to my state governor. Basically, this email consolidates ideas I have been developing here and on the open manufacturing list. :-)
--Paul Fernhout
-------- Original Message --------
In regard to your email about education ("Growing the 21st Century
Economy"), I went to school with Michelle Obama; we are both Princeton '85.
Having had what is claimed to be one of the best educations available, I
know its limits. As important as education is, this country is fooling
itself if it thinks we can educate ourselves out of structural problems with
our economic system.
Related links:
   "The Underground History of American Education" by NYS Teacher of the
year John Taylor Gatto
      "Disciplined Minds: A Critical Look at Salaried Professionals and the
Soul-Battering System That Shapes Their Lives" by Jeff Schmidt
      "The Big Crunch" by Vice Provost of Caltech David Goodstein
   On jobs, this letter was sent to President Johnson in 1964:
   "The Triple Revolution Memorandum; Cybernation, Weaponry, Human Rights"
   That memo explained:
The fundamental problem posed by the cybernation revolution in the U.S. is
that it invalidates the general mechanism so far employed to undergird
people?s rights as consumers. Up to this time economic resources have been
distributed on the basis of contributions to production, with machines and
men competing for employment on somewhat equal terms. In the developing
cybernated system, potentially unlimited output can be achieved by systems
of machines which will require little cooperation from human beings. As
machines take over production from men, they absorb an increasing proportion
of resources while the men who are displaced become dependent on minimal and
unrelated government measures ? unemployment insurance, social security,
welfare payments. These measures are less and less able to disguise a
historic paradox: That a substantial proportion of the population is
subsisting on minimal incomes, often below the poverty line, at a time when
sufficient productive potential is available to supply the needs of everyone
in the U.S.
   The existence of this paradox is denied or ignored by conventional
economic analysis. The general economic approach argues that potential
demand, which if filled would raise the number of jobs and provide incomes
to those holding them, is underestimated. Most contemporary economic
analysis states that all of the available labor force and industrial
capacity is required to meet the needs of consumers and industry and to
provide adequate public services: Schools, parks, roads, homes, decent
cities, and clean water and air. It is further argued that demand could be
increased, by a variety of standard techniques, to any desired extent by
providing money and machines to improve the conditions of the billions of
impoverished people elsewhere in the world, who need food and shelter,
clothes and machinery and everything else the industrial nations take for
   There is no question that cybernation does increase the potential for the
provision of funds to neglected public sectors. Nor is there any question
that cybernation would make possible the abolition of poverty at home and
abroad. But the industrial system does not possess any adequate mechanisms
to permit these potentials to become realities. The industrial system was
designed to produce an ever-increasing quantity of goods as efficiently as
possible, and it was assumed that the distribution of the power to purchase
these goods would occur almost automatically. The continuance of the
income-through-jobs link as the only major mechanism for distributing
effective demand ? for granting the right to consume ? now acts as the main
brake on the almost unlimited capacity of a cybernated productive system.
All the education in the world won't change that. If anything, it will only
accelerate the process.
The fundamental problem is that demand by healthy humans for goods and
services is ultimately limited (or at least grows slowly) while
technological capacity and productivity is growing exponentially, and the
result of this will be mass unemployment. Here is a related sci-fi story by
Marshall Brain:
   "Manna"
   Look at the video on this web page and tell me most of your constituents
will have jobs in twenty years as this moves out of the labs in Japan:
   "High-Speed Robot Hand Demonstrates Dexterity and Skillful Manipulation"
You can see this explained by this equation here:
"[p2p-research] 60 jobs that will rock the future... (not)"
Jobs = (Demand + War + Schooling - Abundance)) / (Automation * Design)
Demand is limited (the best things in life are free or cheap).
War and compulsory schooling are evil, as is excessive prison.
Automation and Design are increasing.
Abundance (as stockpiled goods) is increasing faster than decay.
Given that, plot the curve of jobs. :-)
There are several ways to approach this issue, which will be seen soon in a
continuing jobless recovery (even as we may see a couple million green jobs,
I hope).
These are ways to deal with joblessness:
* temporary measures like unemployment insurance and retraining funds, and
when those fail, letting people live with relatives who still have jobs or
be homeless (the USA now has one million homeless schoolchildren, an amount
that has doubled in the last two years).
* government public works like in the 1930s (infrastructure, arts, research,
medicine, etc.)
* a "basic income" for everyone, essentially Social Security and Medicaid
for all with no means testing. See: * improved local subsistence like with 3D printing and organic gardening
* a gift economy (like Wikipedia and GNU/Linux)
* a shorter work week (like tried in France)
* increasing advertising to entice people into more debt (one cause of the
current economic crisis as the debt bubble burst)
   * more prisons (employs guards and keeps people out of the labor pool)
* more schooling (employs guards/teachers and keeps people out of the labor
* more war (employs guards/soldiers, blows up and wastes abundance, and
kills or disables workers to keep them out of the labor pool)
Likely we will see a mix of all those in the future, and in fact, a mix of
all those is what we have now.
The last four points (more advertising & debt, more prisons, schooling, and
war) are not recommend because they are against liberty and prosperity, but
are what we have been heavily relying on to date in the USA to deal with
this situation.
In the short term, a basic income might make the most sense, even as other
trends will play out. A basic income almost passed under Nixon. A basic
income has appeal both to the left (it eliminates poverty) and on the right
(because one can then potentially eliminate a lot of business regulation
like minimum wage laws, family leave acts, affirmative action, some
retirement benefits packages, union rules, and other things).
If you want to make a significant contribution to the USA and the world
stage as a leader in politics for years to come, I'd suggest you think
deeply about this joblessness situation along these lines. :-)
Daniel Patrick Moynihan wrote a book about "The Politics of a Guaranteed
Income" in the 1970s.
   See also:
      In general, the reason social benefits in the USA have a bad reaction is
they are only for the poor and are needs based. In Europe, they are for
everyone and so have no stigma and are widely supported.
Again, just take one look at that video about what a robot arm and hand can
do now, and think about how much more computers can do every day relating to
paperwork and speech recognition, and you may soon understand what a crisis
is coming our way, requiring leadership.
"Lao Tzu: To see things in the seed, that is genius. Where there is no
vision, the people perish."
Here is an essay I wrote on why even millionaires should support a basic income:
"[p2p-research] Basic income from a millionaire's perspective?"
Here is another related essay on how New York State could implement the
beginnings of a basic income by redirecting money currently going to
compulsory schooling:
"Towards a Post-Scarcity New York State of Mind (through homeschooling)"
Reforming health care to single payer would also free up $750 billion a year
towards this end. Ending the two wars would free up more. There are lots of
other ways to raise the money, outlined here:
   "How to Find the Financing for Achieving the Star Trek Society"
   All the best in helping people navigate these difficult times.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-28 22:48:59
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] shots in the dark/p2p article 
I was not sure which author of which article you were referring to?
This article references only twelve studies, which is not much for a field with hundreds or thousands of preparations:
   "The Scientific Evidence on Homeopathy"
   Notice even the title. The entire field is being evaluated by looking at some tiny sampling of the preparations and activities.
Here is what the NIH has to say:
   "Most analyses of the research on homeopathy have concluded that there is little evidence to support homeopathy as an effective treatment for any specific condition, and that many of the studies have been flawed. However, there are some individual observational studies, randomized placebo-controlled trials, and laboratory research that report positive effects or unique physical and chemical properties of homeopathic remedies."
That is not the same as what the person you mention was saying, where he claimed there was not a single study showing anything positive.
Still, I agree completely with the testing sentiment that both you and Ryan raise. I mentioned that in the rest of that email, quoting someone from Cuba.
On homeopathy specifically, as I said in my previous email: "And personally, when homeopathic (infinitely diluted) medicines work, I tend to suspect it is about the extra things that are added, like in this case, Bach flowers, or in other cases, silver as a preservative. "
Consider, for example, this homeopathic remedy for pink eye you can find in almost any drug store in the USA and which I have seen MDs recommend:
   Note the "Inactive Ingredients" list:
"Borate buffer, Purified water, Silver sulfate (as preservative), Sodium Consider, from research in 1974 on silver for eye problems:
   "Silver nitrate is effective in vitro against Neisseria gonorrhoeae and Staphylococcus aureus in a concentration of 0.1% and against Escherichia coil in a concentration of 0.01%."
Plus silver is widely used as an anti-bacterial in other settings, and it works, and that is part of the origin of the term "born with a silver spoon in his/her mouth".
Google search:
   "In the last week, the FDA approved an old drug, an antibacterial called silver, the same precious metallic stuff that earrings and bracelets are made of. The FDA approval consisted of Silver Soaker catheters from I-Flow, which use AcryMed?s ?silver nanotechnology that can render existing medical devices impervious to infection-causing bacteria?. The catheters are coated with silver nanoparticles that kill most bacteria, even those that are resistant to the most advanced antibiotics."
Anyway, so, sure there is a lot of hokum out there. But the problem is, as you say, using experiment to work through it.
But, the way our economic and academic system is set up, you can only experiment on that for which you get funding, and almost the only experimenters in a position to get *any* funding are those who already have proved they uphold the status quo.
 From Noam Chomsky:
   "What Makes Mainstream Media Mainstream"
   The universities, for example, are not independent institutions. There may be independent people scattered around in them but that is true of the media as well. And it?s generally true of corporations. It?s true of Fascist states, for that matter. But the institution itself is parasitic. It?s dependent on outside sources of support and those sources of support, such as private wealth, big corporations with grants, and the government (which is so closely interlinked with corporate power you can barely distinguish them), they are essentially what the universities are in the middle of. People within them, who don?t adjust to that structure, who don?t accept it and internalize it (you can?t really work with it unless you internalize it, and believe it); people who don?t do that are likely to be weeded out along the way, starting from kindergarten, all the way up. There are all sorts of filtering devices to get rid of people who are a pain in the neck and think independently. Those of you who have been through college know that the educational system is very highly geared to rewarding conformity and obedience; if you don?t do that, you are a troublemaker. So, it is kind of a filtering device which ends up with people who really honestly (they aren?t lying) internalize the framework of belief and attitudes of the surrounding power system in the society. The elite institutions like, say, Harvard and Princeton and the small upscale colleges, for example, are very much geared to socialization. If you go through a place like Harvard, most of what goes on there is teaching manners; how to behave like a member of the upper classes, how to think the right thoughts, and so on.
So, you guys are ready to condemn *all* homeopathic medicines when some may really truly work. I'm not saying which ones. I'm not saying the theory is right of infinite dilution (though, if we are living in a simulation, it might exploit a flaw in the virtual machine. :-) But, I'm saying, some homeopathic remedies might work to some degree for various reasons (including "inactive ingredients" and the placebo effect). But, almost no one with an MD/PhD is likely to do large scale research on this (at least in the USA). We can spend a trillion dollars a year on "defense" in the USA. Why can't we spend a few tens of billion on studying stuff like homeopathy (or even vaccination) with some rigor and no conflict-of-interest?
By the way, think about this: :-)
"Placebos Are Getting More Effective. Drugmakers Are Desperate to Know Why."
    As a psychiatrist, Potter knew that some patients really do seem to get healthier for reasons that have more to do with a doctor's empathy than with the contents of a pill. But it baffled him that drugs he'd been prescribing for years seemed to be struggling to prove their effectiveness. Thinking that something crucial may have been overlooked, Potter tapped an IT geek named David DeBrota to help him comb through the Lilly database of published and unpublished trials?including those that the company had kept secret because of high placebo response. They aggregated the findings from decades of antidepressant trials, looking for patterns and trying to see what was changing over time. What they found challenged some of the industry's basic assumptions about its drug-vetting process. ...  Part of the problem was that response to placebo was considered a psychological trait related to neurosis and gullibility rather than a physiological phenomenon that could be scrutinized in the lab and manipulated for therapeutic benefit. But then Benedetti came across a study, done years earlier, that suggested the placebo effect had a neurological foundation. US scientists had found that a drug called naloxone blocks the pain-relieving power of placebo treatments. The brain produces its own analgesic compounds called opioids, released under conditions of stress, and naloxone blocks the action of these natural painkillers and their synthetic analogs. The study gave Benedetti the lead he needed to pursue his own research while running small clinical trials for drug companies.
   Now, after 15 years of experimentation, he has succeeded in mapping many of the biochemical reactions responsible for the placebo effect, uncovering a broad repertoire of self-healing responses. Placebo-activated opioids, for example, not only relieve pain; they also modulate heart rate and respiration. The neurotransmitter dopamine, when released by placebo treatment, helps improve motor function in Parkinson's patients. Mechanisms like these can elevate mood, sharpen cognitive ability, alleviate digestive disorders, relieve insomnia, and limit the secretion of stress-related hormones like insulin and cortisol. ...
   Ironically, Big Pharma's attempt to dominate the central nervous system has ended up revealing how powerful the brain really is. The placebo response doesn't care if the catalyst for healing is a triumph of pharmacology, a compassionate therapist, or a syringe of salt water. All it requires is a reasonable expectation of getting better. That's potent medicine.
Let's say homeopathic medicine was sometimes just a placebo. It may still work as well or better than many medicines. :-) And if it does no harm, the results may still be better in many cases than visiting an MD, especially if a homeopath also gives nutritional advice or counseling or sympathy. And apparently, medications based on the placebo effect continues to improve. :-) But, part of this is what Ivan Illich said, that medicine has gotten away from being a humanistic process and become a purely technical one. If homeopathic medicines even only activate the brain's and body's self-healing systems, they may be an effective medicine. In fact, they may even work where regular medicine fails.
With that said, there may be something more that that going on in Cuba; as I said, the extra herbal aspect of those medicines (Bach flowers) may (or may not) have an extra effect as well. We'll see as more information about that study works its way out of there.
Another thing, if you go into the hospital for a hip replacement, and that goes well, but you die of MSRA (antibiotic resistent stap) contracted in the hospital afterwards, then the MD surgeon who advised you to have the operation and performed it will essentially just say, "Tut, tut, too bad; I did my job right; must have been the cleaning lady" and walk away from owning the problem. And they'll also ignore decades of Soviet research on phage therapy. The fragmentation and specialization of medicine, combined with the large number of people who interact in a specialized medical setting (and even the supporting ones you don't see who make the preparations and so on) create a huge "diffusion of responsibility" in the whole system.
   And it is a diffusion that extends to things like using antibiotics in animal feed and other larger social/technical problems.
When you start really poking at the history of medicine, there is some very ugly stuff. For example, midwivivery at home in the USA has been made very difficult, but there is a chance of contracting a deadly infection in a hospital, plus hospital births are more likely to have complications because of stress. Why are there not more home births or midwives in the USA, at least for uncomplicated pregnancies? The MDs essentially ran midwives out of town and got laws passed against them in various ways. (Plus maybe some got burned way back when.) Related:
      Another factor that is important in making the choice about where to give birth may surprise you. It makes common sense, but has also been documented by several studies. Women who give birth in a hospital are much more likely to experience postpartum depression or even post traumatic stress disorder. Kitzinger states that the more interventions a woman experiences, the more likely she is to be depressed, with C-sections obviously carrying the greatest risk of depression (193). She quotes 5 or 6 studies documenting the effects of this "institutional violence."
Granted there may be other confounding factors in those results about how homebirth is generally safer for low-risk pregnancies. But, the fact is, when you start poking at various aspects of medicine, a lot of stuff starts becoming iffy, and a lot of profitable medical practices seem to run against the statistics or logic (like a high C-section rate).
   "All of these factors contribute to a current national cesarean section rate of over 30%, despite evidence that a rate of 5% to 10% would be optimal."
What a horror of violence against women and babies by MDs a 30%+ C-section rate is. But a very profitable horror. Apparently, it is even worse in some "Too many South Florida babies are being delivered by cesarean section (C-section), according to new state figures. While the national average is 31.8 percent of births done by C-section, in the year ended June 30, 2008, 43 percent of births in Broward county, 42 percent in Palm Beach county and over 50 percent of births in Miami Dade county were C-section deliveries. Statewide the number is 39 percent, the second highest rate behind New Jersey. Across Florida, C-section rates vary sharply with a few South Florida doctors delivering as many as three-fourths of their patients? babies this way and a few doing almost none. According to state figures, half the births at Holy Cross Hospital in Fort Lauderdale and Palms West Hospital in Loxahatchee were by C-section, while in other facilities two-thirds of the births are natural births."
Now, given that is how the baby gets delivered, excess surgery for profit or defensive medicine, justified by "safety" that actually makes both mother and child less safe when done unnecessarily, then why should one expect the medical horrors for profit to stop there? Why should one trust MDs who are willing to do that to women and children? Or all the other MDs who look the other way?
To be clear, some women and children do benefit from C-sections; this is about a rate way beyond what is reasonable. But even the skeptics trying to support high C-section rates admit 22% is a good average internationally:
But, contrast that with:
"In Sweden, Denmark and Netherlands, the CS rate is still close to 10% with some of the world?s lowest maternal and perinatal mortality rates"
Or, from here:
Here are the C-section rates (1998-2001) for countries with low perinatal and maternal mortality:
Netherlands 13.6
Norway 13.6
Sweden 14.4
Denmark 15
Israel 15
Finland 15.7
Belgium 15.9
The point is, well-trained medical personnel can do far better than in the USA, by a factor of two or three. With about four million US births a year, that would be about a million women each year who did not get major surgery if the rate went from 30% to 15%. And about US$5 billion less a year in medical costs somebody needs to pay. And a lot less difficult recoveries.
 From the LA Times:
   The cesarean rate in the U.S. is higher than in most other developed nations. And in spite of a standing government goal of reducing such deliveries, the U.S. has set a new record every year for more than a decade.
   The problem, experts say, is that the cesarean -- delivery via uterine incision -- exposes a woman to the risk of infection, blood clots and other serious problems. Cesareans also have been shown to increase premature births and the need for intensive care for newborns. Even without such complications, cesareans result in longer hospital stays. ...
   "Cesarean birth ends up being a profit center in hospitals, so there's not a lot of incentive to reduce them," said Dr. Elliot Main, chief of obstetrics for Sutter Health, a Northern California hospital chain.
   But there is a lot hospitals can do to reduce them, as illustrated by the wide variation in cesarean rates. Among California hospitals, cesareans range from 16% to 62% of births.
   Such variation means a lot of women are getting unnecessary cesareans, Main said. "There's no justification for that kind of variation."
Cited in:
"The Soaring Cesarean Rate: It?s the Economics, Stupid"
The L.A. Times article didn?t elaborate on Dr. Main?s statement, but let?s take a cold blooded look at the business side of cesarean surgery: From the hospital?s point of view, cesareans ? especially scheduled cesareans ? make staffing needs predictable and maximize patient throughput, essential elements of reducing costs. They also increase billing opportunities and lengthen postpartum stay, which enhance revenues. On the obstetrician?s side, she or he may be paid more, although this isn?t always the case, but the real savings is in time management?and time is money. Minimizing time spent in the hospital allows obstetricians to increase patient load and, what?s more, deliver those patients at times that don?t conflict with office hours or disrupt nights or weekends. And both hospital administrators and obstetricians believe that cesareans prevent malpractice suits. In short, cesareans are good for everybody, except, of course, mothers and babies.
   When a system makes it financially disadvantageous to change obstetric practice, it is human nature to find reasons to maintain the status quo, which explains why we see so many obstetricians, prominent and otherwise, downplay or deny cesarean?s harms, tout benefits that are minimal or nonexistent and generally frame cesarean surgery versus vaginal birth as ?chocolate versus vanilla.? According to the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, all an ob/gyn has to do is ?believe? a cesarean is a good idea?never mind the reality?to make it ethical to perform one on a healthy woman. Small wonder that one in three U.S. women now has her baby via major abdominal surgery, a rate approaching three times what it should be, with no end in sight, and no one trying to do anything about it.
I could go on about stents, heart operations, lack of recommending fasting, and a variety of other topics where the health care system is obviously failing. With that said, sure, if I was in a terrible car accident I'd probably want to be taken to a hospital. There are a lot of good doctors who can help people in all sorts of ways. But, clearly, there are also a lot of medical practices that are obviously incorrect.
So, when people go on about vaccination being justified, or you guys say, let's base our medical decisions on evidence and statistics, I think it has to be seen in that light of the system it is part of. And, based on the reasoning you and Ryan are all to happy to apply with a broad brush to all of homeopathy, what should I conclude about MDs based on how they use C-sections, or stents, or various other medicines and procedures in disagreement with the statistics and logic?
Want some "safe and effective" Vioxx anyone? :-(
   "How did Vioxx debacle happen?"
   "Offit's Failure to Disclose Jeopardizes Swine Flu Vaccine Program" "As autumn approaches and millions of Americans consider taking an H1N1 Swine Flu vaccination, the integrity of all vaccine developers has been called into question by the financial relationship of a leading vaccine advocate and a pharmaceutical manufacturer.  Dr. Paul Offit of Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP), who was interviewed for a Dateline NBC television special, failed to tell millions of viewers that while he was promoting MMR as safe he had also made tens of millions of dollars from selling another vaccine patent to Merck, which is the manufacturer of MMR. According to CHOP documents, Offit's share of a royalty sale for the Rotateq vaccine to Merck is a minimum of $29 million and may approach $50 million."
What I see here is a tremendous double standard (not specifically you guys, but US society in general on this). Everyone knows homeopathy doesn't work (even when it does, perhaps surprisingly) but let's check into the hospital for a C-section because doctors know best (even when they don't or are motivated by profit or defensive medicine). Noam Chomsky's point on mainstream media helps explain that. As does this book:
"Mistakes Were Made (But Not by Me): Why We Justify Foolish Beliefs, Bad Decisions, and Hurtful Acts"
By the way, this is weird; this search result has dropped back down again -- must be something about Google:
"Results 1 - 10 of about 265,000 for vaccine conflict of interest. (0.29 seconds) "
"Results 1 - 10 of about 387,000 for vaccine conflicts of interest. (0.15 --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-29 02:58:20
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] shots in the dark/p2p article 
Seem my other reply to Tomas.
By the way, someone just sent me this link:
   "Deadly immunity"
      But instead of taking immediate steps to alert the public and rid the vaccine supply of thimerosal, the officials and executives at Simpsonwood spent most of the next two days discussing how to cover up the damaging data. According to transcripts obtained under the Freedom of Information Act, many at the meeting were concerned about how the damaging revelations about thimerosal would affect the vaccine industry's bottom line. ...
   In fact, the government has proved to be far more adept at handling the damage than at protecting children's health. The CDC paid the Institute of Medicine to conduct a new study to whitewash the risks of thimerosal, ordering researchers to "rule out" the chemical's link to autism. It withheld Verstraeten's findings, even though they had been slated for immediate publication, and told other scientists that his original data had been "lost" and could not be replicated. And to thwart the Freedom of Information Act, it handed its giant database of vaccine records over to a private company, declaring it off-limits to researchers. By the time Verstraeten finally published his study in 2003, he had gone to work for GlaxoSmithKline and reworked his data to bury the link between thimerosal and autism. ...
   As the federal government worked to prevent scientists from studying vaccines, others have stepped in to study the link to autism. In April, reporter Dan Olmsted of UPI undertook one of the more interesting studies himself. Searching for children who had not been exposed to mercury in vaccines -- the kind of population that scientists typically use as a "control" in experiments -- Olmsted scoured the Amish of Lancaster County, Penn., who refuse to immunize their infants. Given the national rate of autism, Olmsted calculated that there should be 130 autistics among the Amish. He found only four. One had been exposed to high levels of mercury from a power plant. The other three -- including one child adopted from outside the Amish community -- had received their vaccines. ...
   But instead of following suit, the FDA continues to allow manufacturers to include thimerosal in scores of over-the-counter medications as well as steroids and injected collagen. Even more alarming, the government continues to ship vaccines preserved with thimerosal to developing countries -- some of which are now experiencing a sudden explosion in autism rates. In China, where the disease was virtually unknown prior to the introduction of thimerosal by U.S. drug manufacturers in 1999, news reports indicate that there are now more than 1.8 million autistics. Although reliable numbers are hard to come by, autistic disorders also appear to be soaring in India, Argentina, Nicaragua and other developing countries that are now using thimerosal-laced vaccines. The World Health Organization continues to insist thimerosal is safe, but it promises to keep the possibility that it is linked to neurological disorders "under review."
   I devoted time to study this issue because I believe that this is a moral crisis that must be addressed. If, as the evidence suggests, our public-health authorities knowingly allowed the pharmaceutical industry to poison an entire generation of American children, their actions arguably constitute one of the biggest scandals in the annals of American medicine. ...
On the other hand, this disagrees with that:
"Do The Amish Vaccinate? Indeed They Do, AND Their Autism Rates May be Lower" Regardless of agreement on the science and statistics, what is interesting is the social processes documented in it (assuming it is accurate) where the immediate focus is on the bottom line profitability issues, not the children's health.
Again, a big irony here is that breastfeeding cuts down on the frequency and severity of many childhood illnesses, but it is not promoted by social policy to the same degree that vaccination is. It is not profitable.
In the USA, an average of about US$13K per year per child is spent to "dumb down" children though compulsory education.
If injecting kids with mercury and aluminum and so on does indeed do the dumbing down job more effectively and cheaper than additional schooling, well, that's good for a structured hierarchical command-and-control economy is it not?
   "I?ll bring this down to earth. Try to see that an intricately subordinated industrial/commercial system has only limited use for hundreds of millions of self-reliant, resourceful readers and critical thinkers. In an egalitarian, entrepreneurially based economy of confederated families like the one the Amish have or the Mondragon folk in the Basque region of Spain, any number of self-reliant people can be accommodated usefully, but not in a concentrated command-type economy like our own. Where on earth would they fit?"
Or, as Aldous Huxley outlined in "Brave New World":
   "Reducing the number of revolutions per minute," Mr. Foster explained. "The surrogate goes round slower; therefore passes through the lung at longer intervals; therefore gives the embryo less oxygen. Nothing like oxygen-shortage for keeping an embryo below par." Again he rubbed his hands.
    "But why do you want to keep the embryo below par?" asked an ingenuous    "Ass!" said the Director, breaking a long silence. "Hasn't it occurred to you that an Epsilon embryo must have an Epsilon environment as well as an Epsilon heredity?"
   It evidently hadn't occurred to him. He was covered with confusion.
Now, I'm not saying this is intentional. But, if the main problem of society is already effectively dumbing people down to fit into an 19th century social order and 19th century factory jobs, then preventing dysfunction in relation to vaccines or dental fillings or whatever is not going to be much of a priority, either. It would really just be a plus, from a Prussian schooling point-of-view, because the few resistant to the toxins would then be labeled by the schooling system and could either be groomed into the elite or pushed back down in some other way. So, statistically, if the problem is too many smart people in the first place, wasting a lot of them does not matter, as long as you have some sort of "mining and sorting" operation going on.
The Vice Provost of Caltech again, with this quote being used to make a point he no doubt never intended it to be used for:
   I would like to propose a different and more illuminating metaphor for American science education. It is more like a mining and sorting operation, designed to cast aside most of the mass of common human debris, but at the same time to discover and rescue diamonds in the rough, that are capable of being cleaned and cut and polished into glittering gems, just like us, the existing scientists. It takes only a little reflection to see how much more this model accounts for than the pipeline does. It accounts for exponential growth, since it takes scientists to identify prospective scientists. It accounts for the very real problem that women and minorities are woefully underrepresented among the scientists, because it is hard for us, white, male scientists to perceive that once they are cleaned and cut and polished, they will look like us. It accounts for the fact that science education is for the most part a dreary business, a burden to student and teacher alike at all levels of American education, until the magic moment when a teacher recognizes a potential peer, at which point it becomes exhilarating and successful. Above all, it resolves the paradox of Scientific Elites and Scientific Illiterates. It explains why we have the best scientists and the most poorly educated students in the world. It is because our entire system of education is designed to produce precisely that result.
An example p2p discussion on that sort of thing is relation to vaccines (with comments on both sides):
"Just What Did That Thimerosal-Autism Study Say, Anyway?" More on the mercury issue in general:
"Amalgam studies: disregarding basic principles of mercury toxicity."
"Dental amalgam, which has been used for over 150 years in dental practice, consists of about 50% metallic mercury. Studies on animal and humans show that mercury is continuously released from dental amalgam and absorbed by several body tissues. It is widely accepted that the main source of mercury vapor is dental amalgam and it contributes substantially to mercury load in human body tissues. There is still a controversy about the consequences of this additional mercury exposure from amalgam to human health. Many studies were performed to evaluate possible adverse effects. In this comment, these studies were analyzed with regard to their methodical quality by considering the newest findings on mercury toxicity and metabolism. In sum, a number of studies are methodically flawed drawing inaccurate conclusions as to the safety of dental amalgam."
Note that historically, mercury-containing amalgam was for poor people; rich people got gold fillings, which is fairly inert.
I'm not saying pulling out existing fillings is very safe though, either. Neither is mixing different types of metals in one mouth.  Also, unlike young children, adults have bigger livers, and most, but not all, can probably handle some level of continuous heavy metal exposure without too much effects. So, there are multiple variables.
Example p2p discussion on this on the nature.com site (with stuff on both    "Autism study panned by critics"
   Alternative press:
   Mercury Does Leak Out of Your Fillings
   The ADA has said for the past 150 years that the mercury in amalgam is safe and does not leak.
   However, they no clinical studies were ever done and the FDA approved amalgam under the "grandfather clause" Subsequent studies have shown this not to be true.
   Over ten years ago the prestigious New England Journal of Medicine published an editorial (12 ) calling mercury fillings the chief source of mercury exposure to the US population.
The other side:
   "The amalgam controversy: An evidence-based analysis "
   "There are numerous logical and methodological errors in the anti-amalgam literature. The author concludes that the evidence supporting the safety of amalgam restorations is compelling. ... Most lay people and many dentists are unfamiliar with the peer-reviewed dental literature and, therefore, are more easily convinced by media stories that amalgam is dangerous. The problem is so serious that the American Council on Science and Health, a consumer education and advocacy group, has determined that the allegations against amalgam restorations constitute one of the "greatest unfounded health scares of recent times." ... Investigators have demonstrated that people with amalgam restorations have higher oral levels of mercury vapor than do people who do not have amalgam restorations.34 Yet determining the amount of mercury released and absorbed from amalgam is difficult and complex. ... Using the lowest established value?the NOAEL for children, pregnant women and ill people of 1 ?g Hg/m3?as a safe threshold for continuous mercury vapor exposure for the general public and assuming a respiration rate of 22 m3 per day, a safe threshold for mercury vapor absorption by the lungs is 20 ?g/day.29 Eley29 also estimated the safe level for intestinal absorption of mercury from amalgam by multiplying the lowest NOAEL figure by a factor of 10 to reflect the low absorption by the gastrointestinal tract and then another factor of 2 to account for the reduced toxicity of mercuric compounds. This yielded a safe threshold for gastrointestinal absorption of salivary mercury of 400 ?g/day. ... The cardinal rule of toxicology is that "only the dose makes a poison." Mercury can be toxic, for example, when high exposures occur in occupational settings. In these cases, the severity of response correlates well with the amount and duration of exposure. The relationship of dose (number and size of amalgam restorations), exposure time and symptoms has not been established. ... With amalgam, a wide range of diseases and conditions have been attributed to it based solely on self-reported improvements in symptoms when the amalgam restorations were removed. The already collected data on the morbidity and mortality of dentists who have a proven higher body burden of mercury than do the general public was ignored. Today, we also have compelling data from groups with and without restorations who lived under similar environmental conditions and these, too, refute the claims of amalgam toxicity. Data strongly suggest that mercury levels many times higher than those associated with a mouth full of amalgam pose no risk of adverse health effects. There is evidence that the body?s mercury burden is highest immediately after placement or removal of amalgam restorations.29 This information casts a critical light on those dentists, physicians and patients who have claimed improvement of symptoms immediately after amalgam Funny comparison (don't know how true it is, but it is funny):
   The ADA (The American Dental Association) has never wavered in its' Mantra that mercury amalgam silver fillings (which by definition are 51% mercury) are completely safe when placed in the mouth.  This is a very interesting position to cling to in these enlightened times.  Lets' take a look at why:
   When a dentist prepares amalgam for placement in the mouth he actually adds the mercury to the other ingredients himself just prior to placing the amalgam in the newly prepared tooth.  Now if it happens to be you sitting in the dental chair awaiting the arrival of this mixture to fill your newly "drilled out" tooth. Take note in this scenario:
     What if in the process of moving from the mixing counter to you he accidently drops the amalgam onto the floor beside you.  You may think well, how clumsy, the poor guy will have to mix another "batch" of amalgam for my tooth - which he will surely do.  The dentist on the other hand is faced with an additional dilemma.  He has just been a party to a "mercury spill" which is a known hazardous material and his actions for how he will have to clean-up that spill now fall under the guidelines of the EPA (The Environmental Protection Agency), who unlike the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) fully recognize the danger of mercury.  The dentist will have to document the incident and fill out the forms required by the EPA for the spill.  He can then elect to call in a "Haznet team" to physically clean up the spill or he can decide to deal with it himself but in documenting how he has disposed of the mercury he realizes that he will be contacted by the EPA or OSHA. (Occupational Safety and Health Administration) Their job will be to follow up on this matter to verify that no one was injured due to the spill and confirm that the material was disposed of properly.  Do you think that your dentist will do this?  Or, do you think he may illegally wipe-up the spill with a rag and toss it in with the other trash.  This option would of course be completely illegal, unethical, as well as a fineable and jailable as has been determined by federal statute.
Anyway, once you start poking at medical policies, things get curiouser and curiouser. Again, the issue may not be so much that mercury fillings *intentionally* dumb down or harm poor people; it is just more like no one cares about that as being an important issue, or cares about it being a risk. Some may argue that is a legitimate trade-off as well -- possible future problems for getting rid of tooth pain in poor people. Anyone with a terrible toothache might think that was a good trade at that moment. And maybe, for most people, their system can keep up with any small amount of mercury leaked out when chewing.
But, as with vaccinations that don't need to contain mercury, one important point here is that there are alternatives like gold fillings or other materials that clearly pose less health *risk* to most people. But they sometimes cost more (especially gold, but also zirconium or related procedures) or require more visits. So, this problem is also an interaction with our global manufacturing technology and how we choose to ration various materials and procedures, as well as what we chose to focus our research energies on (guns or butter, or in this case, fillings). Or in other words, who gets what benefits, and who pays what costs or takes what risks?
But, these are not issues the mainstream (including professionals) wants to discuss much, because there is too much money and liability at stake, so only one side is usually presented in the mainstream. So covering both sides is left to p2p, however well or poorly one might think it is done.
But clearly, there are a lot of variables, and there are a lot of issues that are not well understood. Still, it seems to me at this point that, given alternatives are available, avoiding mercury in vaccines or fillings seems to me to be, overall, a good idea, as is avoiding any sort of non-inert metal (even aluminum) in products you put into your body. The fact that making a quicker change to less risky interventions has not been a priority in the USA is the scandal IMHO, more than anything.
I liked this comment at the above autism link near the beginning of this email:
  ehswan says:
    Can youall say ?systemic corruption for the love of money?? That?s what I see. It?s all about money. Simplistic? Yes it is! Years, no decades ago (1920?s) we were told leaded gasoline was not a problem, turns out there were other additives that would have been just as good, but there was no money to be made from them, so leaded gasoline it was, until it became clear that spewing lead throughout the envirornment was poisoning all of life, then in this, my country, it stopped. Now mercury in vaccines, in my country has stopped, but not before a huge number of innocents have been irreparably damaged. Why? Well it turns out that the addition of compounds containing mercury allowed the vaccine makers to market vials for multiple use saving them 50 cents per vial. Why? Because mercury is extremely toxic to all life forms, like moulds and other contaminats that would be introduced into the vials by multiple needle pricks. The love of money is the root of all evil.
So, that's the price of mercury exposure *risk* for decades in vaccines, saving US$0.50 a shot or so. Had not any of those scientists read "Alice in    Related, inspired by that comment:
   "The Shadows of Consumption: Consequences for the Global Environment"
  By Peter Dauvergne
   "Why did U.S. regulators declare leaded gasoline "safe" in the 1920s? Why were critics, once so loudly calling for precaution and further research, so quiet in the following decades? And, finally, why were so many scientists, activists, and government agencies in the United States suddenly -- a half century later -- beginning to challenge the "facts" and "safety" of leaded gasoline? The answers reveal important lessons about how and why ecological shadows form, intensify, and shift. They reveal how the pursuit of profits and markets can trump calls for precaution even in the face of high uncertainty and significant risks, how corporations and state allies can silence critics and control "research" for generations, and, finally, how knowledge and technology can both cause and begin to mitigate ecological So, let's use the logic we are demanded to use. How do people defending the scientific method as the appropriate way to make these decisions explain the history of leaded gas?
   "The Leaded Gas Scare of the 1920s"
   With the nation's newspapers full of accounts of leaded gas claiming the lives of workers, Hamilton and Henderson's warnings stirred the press and the public into a frenzy. Standard Oil, it was learned, had already put Ethyl on the market based only on the results of its own tests with the substance. Responding to the uproar, local boards of health stepped in, blocking any further sale of Ethyl until unbiased tests could be conducted.
   The corporate interests dominated the hearings, for they had controlled all the research and testing of the new gasoline. The men who had died from handling Ethyl, it was shown, had been exposed to concentrations far greater than the motoring public ever would in using leaded gasoline. Reformers Hamilton and Henderson pointed out the known dangers associated with lead poisoning and cited the tremendous health risks of even tiny amounts of lead being discharged in automobile exhaust fumes, but they were overwhelmed by the corporate enthusiasm for Ethyl. One Standard Oil spokesman likened it to a "gift of God," so great was its potential to improve the automobile. After deliberating, the panel agreed to lift the ban on the sale of leaded gasoline.
   For 50 years after its appearance on the market, leaded gas continued to power America's love-affair with the big luxury cars Detroit was producing. But in the 1960's scientific evidence made it clear that airborne lead was a serious health hazard. Efforts were renewed to outlaw lead in gasoline, with federal restrictions governing the lead content of motor fuels coming into effect in the 1970s. Lead exposure, we now know, can cause a wide range of illnesses in adults and poses especially high risks for children, affecting their neurological development, growth and intelligence.
   Of course, the voices of caution ignored in 1925 were absolutely correct. Leaded gasoline was good for car engines, but bad for people. Although today leaded gasoline is banned in the U.S. and other industrialized nations, it is still in use in many developing countries, where in large cities it is considered a grave health risk to children.
Can't happen again? How about Vioxx? Again, read the first quoted section about the social dynamics of that meeting about mercury in vaccines. And, in the same way, consider the arguments made above for how mercury in fillings is not toxic to the average person either. Still, it is true, "the dose makes the poison".
The deeper issue is, who gets to decide what are acceptable risks? Who controls setting the priorities on the funding of research to look for alternatives? How is an economic system set up that either gives people access to the alternatives or denies alternatives to people as either too expensive or as involving paying the wrong provider? These are not questions the status quo is that interested in asking.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-29 11:50:08
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ralph Nader, exponential growth, trimtabs, S-curves 
I know I posted on this book before, but this article is very interesting in talking about Ralph Nader's changing feelings about grassroots change and organizational forms:
   "Ralph Nader Throws His Hope in with Enlightened Billionaires"
   The problem, he says, is one of resources. "You cannot fight trillions of dollars in big business money with a few millions and expect to win."
   The citizen movement, he said, is "totally amateurish" compared with how well organized and funded the corporations are. "This mismatch is a disaster," he said. "The progressive movement is going nowhere if it does not address the problem of resources."
For me, the idea (Manuel de Landa) of balances of meshworks and hierarchies helps give context to understanding this.
   "Hence, demonizing centralization and glorifying decentralization as the solution to all our problems would be wrong. An open and experimental attitude towards the question of different hybrids and mixtures is what the complexity of reality itself seems to call for."
And on resources, as I've pointed out before, there is enough money even in just the wasted health care spending in the USA (the cost of *not* insuring everyone like the French and Canadians can) to implement a "Santa Claus" project globally, that really gives US$150 worth of presents every year to every person on the plant. That's just a thought experiment, but it shows the scale of our global society and global wealth at this point -- that, due to scarcity assumptions (health care in the USA must be guarded extensively by private firms) we throw away a post-scarcity abundance that could make Santa Claus effectively a *reality* each year. So, the cost of just that one scarcity assumption in just one country is the abortion of Santa Claus.
And there are trillions more US dollars every year I could point to that are wasted in various ways on scarcity issues we could move beyond.
   So, the issue is *ideology* not *resources*. Or in other words, it is not lack of resources that is the problem, but how we direct the use of those resources as a society that is the problem.
Still, changing ideology *quickly* takes resources. So, the real issue is, how patient are we? And how much can we accept ongoing problems and risks until that all gets sorted out organically?
For example, if the world continues its exponential growth of adoption of solar and wind energy at about 20% to 30% per year, plus did energy efficiency, plus more research into energy storage and buffering, which is all happening, exponential trends put the entire planet as essentially running on all renewables in two to three decades. Places like Germany that push harder may get there sooner (like, if Germany puts big solar plants is a depopulating East Germany). But instead the dominant ideology (as represented by this article) still is despairing (and also pro nuclear):
   "The Impending Power Gap: Where Will Germany's Energy Come From? - SPIEGEL ONLINE"
   I think one cause for optimist is to make (where appropriate) exponential graphs instead of linear graphs. If you consider the spread of some ideas like the spread of a pandemic, then one may hope that a p2p system might transition to enlightenment much faster than one expects. This is both fro exponential technical trends and exponential social trends.
 From something I wrote in 2000:
   These technological trends involve exponential growth for both capacity
and deployment. So, these trends may not be obvious to most until they
are unstoppable. We are very used to thinking in linear terms.
Exponential growth is non-linear.
   For example, imagine it takes a year for one tiny duckweed plant to
cover a pond, doubling every day for 365 days. Here is how the last few
days look:
Day Coverage
358 0.78125%
359 1.5625%
360 3.125%
361 6.25%
362 12.5%
363 25%
364 50%
365 100%
   Let's say it is your responsibility to keep the pond free of duckweed.
So, after 358 days of exponential growth, the pond is still less than 1%
covered. It would be easy to say on day 358, "Oh, the pond has just a
little duckweed on it. I've watched it for almost a year, nothing seems
to be happening. I'll go on vacation." And just seven days later when
you return, "BAM!" the entire pond is covered by duckweed -- seemingly
out of nowhere. In fact, you could swear (correctly) that the day before
your return you had your assistant check for duckweed, and the half of
the pond they looked at was practically empty of it!
Anyway, let me dismiss the term "post-scarcity" for the moment. :-) I'd suggest an important aspect of p2p research should be a better understanding of the interaction of exponential growth and p2p. :-) Does that sound less dogmatic? :-)
That might make for some very interesting studies and PhD projects. I posted before on how those who analyze financial markets are also looking at these issues now, so that is really topical work that might lead to jobs etc.:
"Incorporating Human Behavior Into Wall Street Mathematical Models"
Financial markets, like online communities, are social networks. Researchers are looking at whether the mechanisms and models being developed to explore collective behavior on the Web can be applied to financial markets." Another avenue they're exploring is how we react to the spread of disease. Jon M. Kleinberg, a computer scientist at Cornell, said, "The hope is to take this understanding of contagion and use it as a perspective on how rapid changes of behavior can spread through complex networks at work in financial markets."
There are many people who talk about exponential growth and society and technology; Ray Kurzweil is one starting point.
   By the way, on Nader's point about limited resources, it was always Bucky Fuller's metaphor to be a "trimtab".
        Something hit me very hard once, thinking about what one little man could do. Think of the Queen Mary -- the whole ship goes by and then comes the rudder. And there's a tiny thing at the edge of the rudder called a trim      It's a miniature rudder. Just moving the little trim tab builds a low pressure that pulls the rudder around. Takes almost no effort at all. So I said that the little individual can be a trim tab. Society thinks it's going right by you, that it's left you altogether. But if you're doing dynamic things mentally, the fact is that you can just put your foot out like that and the whole big ship of state is going to go.
Now, a step fureth is perhaps to consider a merger of Bucky Fuller's trimtab idea with a viral/exponential growth model of p2p communications and activities, and thinking about where that all leads. :-)
Naturally there are countertrends, S-curves, and so on.
Another post by me from 2000, prior to the previous one on such limitations:
   "[unrev-II] "S" curve limitations related to bootstrapping and evolution"
   So, if one wants to move from analysis to synthesis, that is a set of issues to explore.
   "Analysis and Synthesis: On Scientific Method - Based on a Study by Bernhard Riemann" by Tom Ritchey
   The terms analysis and synthesis come from (classical) Greek and mean literally "to loosen up" and "to put together" respectively. These terms are used within most modern scientific disciplines -- from mathematics and logic to economy and psychology -- to denote similar investigative procedures. In general, analysis is defined as the procedure by which we break down an intellectual or substantial whole into parts or components. Synthesis is defined as the opposite procedure: to combine separate elements or components in order to form a coherent whole.
   Careless interpretation of these definitions has sometimes led to quite misleading statements -- for instance, that synthesis is "good" because it creates wholes, whereas analysis is "bad" because it reduces wholes to alienated parts. According to this view, the analytic method is regarded as belonging to an outdated, reductionist tradition in science, while synthesis is seen as leading the "new way" to a holistic perspec?tive.
   Quite aside from the fact that it is the synthetic method which, historically, is associated with a reductionist approach to scientific inquiry, such interpretations arise from a fundamental misunderstanding of the relationship between these two methods.
   Analysis and synthesis, as scientific methods, always go hand in hand; they complement one another. Every synthesis is built upon the results of a preceding analysis, and every analysis requires a subsequent synthesis in order to verify and correct its results. In this context, to regard one method as being inherently better than the other is meaningless.
   There are, however, important situations in which one method can be regarded as more suitable than the other. This concerns the question of which method is most appropriate as the primary method or chief point of departure for the study of a given system or object of scientific inquiry.
   This article deals with the foundations of analysis and synthesis as scientific methods, and especially with the requirements for the successful application of these methods. The article is based upon a short, brilliant methodological study by the 19th century mathematician Bernhard Riemann. The study in question is a fragment of Riemann's last (unfinished) work, "The Mechanism of the Ear", written in 1866. ...
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-29 16:30:13
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] shots in the dark/p2p article 
All great points. Thanks for making them.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-30 11:17:19
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Re: Growing the 21st Century Economy (more 
I'm rather proud of the list of alternatives I've been accumulating. :-)
I feel that list is defining the landscape better and better, and showing connections between things that don't usually seem connected.
Looks like Obama has just pushed for more schooling. :-(
"Obama plan to lengthen kids' school days, shorten summer vacation could stress them out: experts"
which as one person suggests on slashdot would reduce the need for summer jobs in a down economy (and I'd add, be a public works program to give people jobs as teacher/guards):
"Obama Makes a Push To Add Time To the School Year"
A lot of related news articles right now:
Example, which is funny because this proposal would create jobs and reduce unemployment (even if I don't like it):
"Extended School Year Would Have Dire Economic Effects, Critics Say"
"But while Obama's proposal is meant to improve education, critics say a curtailed summer vacation will have a dire economic impact on school systems, which could be forced to retrofit their schools for air conditioning, pay overtime to teachers and incur higher utility costs. They also warn that the leisure industry, which relies on family vacation travel, could take a major hit. "Fewer vacation days will dry up the industry's labor source and lead to huge losses of revenue for American hotels and resorts," said Joe McInerney, president and CEO of the American Hotel and Lodging Association."
But they, indirectly, make a good point in the sense that all initiatives have people who pay the costs (here, taxpayers, children with wasted lives, more dissolving families, and teachers developing stress disorders, given what John Taylor Gatto says on schooling) and people who get the benefits (not sure who that is? basically the wealthy because there is less unrest by less who are unemployed? but, also, providers of air conditioners, text books, those who need teaching jobs or the alternative is worse, electricity providers, janitors who need work, and others.)
Anyway, it's unfortunate that the mainstream media still can not disentangle the notion of "schooling" from "education", given the two are usually very different things.
   "How public education cripples our kids, and why" By John Taylor Gatto
   I taught for thirty years in some of the worst schools in Manhattan, and in some of the best, and during that time I became an expert in boredom. Boredom was everywhere in my world, and if you asked the kids, as I often did, why they felt so bored, they always gave the same answers: They said the work was stupid, that it made no sense, that they already knew it. They said they wanted to be doing something real, not just sitting around. They said teachers didn't seem to know much about their subjects and clearly weren't interested in learning more. And the kids were right: their teachers were every bit as bored as they were.
    Boredom is the common condition of schoolteachers, and anyone who has spent time in a teachers' lounge can vouch for the low energy, the whining, the dispirited attitudes, to be found there. When asked why they feel bored, the teachers tend to blame the kids, as you might expect. Who wouldn't get bored teaching students who are rude and interested only in grades? If even that. Of course, teachers are themselves products of the same twelve-year compulsory school programs that so thoroughly bore their students, and as school personnel they are trapped inside structures even more rigid than those imposed upon the children. Who, then, is to blame?
   We all are. ...
   Do we really need school? I don't mean education, just forced schooling: six classes a day, five days a week, nine months a year, for twelve years. Is this deadly routine really necessary? And if so, for what? Don't hide behind reading, writing, and arithmetic as a rationale, because 2 million happy homeschoolers have surely put that banal justification to rest. Even if they hadn't, a considerable number of well-known Americans never went through the twelve-year wringer our kids currently go through, and they turned out all right. George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln? Someone taught them, to be sure, but they were not products of a school system, and not one of them was ever "graduated" from a secondary school. Throughout most of American history, kids generally didn't go to high school, yet the unschooled rose to be admirals, like Farragut; inventors, like Edison; captains of industry like Carnegie and Rockefeller; writers, like Melville and Twain and Conrad; and even scholars, like Margaret Mead. In fact, until pretty recently people who reached the age of thirteen weren't looked upon as children at all. Ariel Durant, who co-wrote an enormous, and very good, multivolume history of the world with her husband, Will, was happily married at fifteen, and who could reasonably claim that Ariel Durant was an uneducated person? Unschooled, perhaps, but not uneducated.
   We have been taught (that is, schooled) in this country to think of "success" as synonymous with, or at least dependent upon, "schooling," but historically that isn't true in either an intellectual or a financial sense. And plenty of people throughout the world today find a way to educate themselves without resorting to a system of compulsory secondary schools that all too often resemble prisons. Why, then, do Americans confuse education with just such a system? What exactly is the purpose of our public schools?  ...
One other thing that more schooling will mean, given schools tend to ban electronic communications, is less p2p. So, this is actually a skillful blow of resistance by the status quo against a p2p future, by keeping kids away from meshworked p2p communications technology through forcing them to spend in hierarchical authoritarian settings where p2p (like cell phones) is generally banned and any other access to things like Facebook or other social media restricted.
   "Court Upholds School Cellphone Ban"
It might feel a bit like d?j? vu, but it?s official ? no cellphones allowed in public schools. The Appellate Court has ruled that the Department of Education has the right to enforce a cellphone ban, despite the outcry from students and their parents.
   The battle has been waged for several years, with parents claiming that it was a violation of constitutional rights and that because they were unable to reach their children by phone, their safety was being endangered.
   The court ruled squarely in favor of the city, stating that: ?Nothing about the cell phone policy forbids or prevents parents and their children from communicating with each other before or after school.
   ?The Chancellor reasonably determined that a ban on cell phone possession was necessary to maintain order in the schools.?
What is interesting (in a sickening way) is how, in the USA, democracy is eroded piece by piece. It is rarely a frontal assault, it is just removing any chance for democratic processes to take place. So, there are "free speech" zones that are cages. There are times for dissent, but they are never now. You can talk via skype or email, but it may or may not be monitored and recorded by third parties (including the government). And in this case, children have access to social media and telecommunications, except when they are going to school, at school, or coming back from school (most of their day). LIkewise, US adults live in a democracy, except when they are awake and spend most of their time at work:
   Work makes a mockery of freedom. The official line is that we all have rights and live in a democracy. Other unfortunates who aren't free like we are have to live in police states. These victims obey orders or else, no matter how arbitrary. The authorities keep them under regular surveillance. State bureaucrats control even the smaller details of everyday life. The officials who push them around are answerable only to higher-ups, public or private. Either way, dissent and disobedience are punished. Informers report regularly to the authorities. All this is supposed to be a very bad thing.
   And so it is, although it is nothing but a description of the modern workplace. The liberals and conservatives and Libertarians who lament totalitarianism are phonies and hypocrites. There is more freedom in any moderately de-Stalinized dictatorship than there is in the ordinary American workplace. You find the same sort of hierarchy and discipline in an office or factory as you do in a prison or a monastery. In fact, as Foucault and others have shown, prisons and factories came in at about the same time, and their operators consciously borrowed from each other's control techniques. A worker is a part-time slave. The boss says when to show up, when to leave, and what to do in the meantime. He tells you how much work to do and how fast. He is free to carry his control to humiliating extremes, regulating, if he feels like it, the clothes you wear or how often you go to the bathroom. With a few exceptions he can fire you for any reason, or no reason. He has you spied on by snitches and supervisors, he amasses a dossier on every employee. Talking back is called "insubordination," just as if a worker is a naughty child, and it not only gets you fired, it disqualifies you for unemployment compensation. Without necessarily endorsing it for them either, it is noteworthy that children at home and in school receive much the same treatment, justified in their case by their supposed immaturity. What does this say about their parents and teachers who Anyway, the point of this list is in part to show how, as as society, there are many choices we can make about where on this landscape of possibilities we want to be. Apparently, the current administration is choosing to keep children in day prisons euphemistically called "schools" for longer to solve the jobs crisis caused by automation and better design. It is a very unfortunate choice, and the list shows that there were many other options open to helping the USA deal with this situation.
One thing I meant to put in that letter and did not was the fact that the USA workforce was 90% agricultural two hundred years ago, but is only 2% now. And the USA workforce was 30% manufacturing fifty years ago, but is only 12% now. But, what this also leaves out is that those were long hours on the farms. And kids were working hard on the farms, in the mines, and in the factories. So, schooling is part of not only getting children to accept 18th century industrialization, but to keep them out of the workforce. That may be a good thing if they would be otherwise exploited or injured; but as Gatto points out it is a bad thing if kids are just given meaningless busywork and have no chance to learn useful productive skills that let them feel good about their ability to contribute to their communities. The entire structure is failing as we are reaching the point where the only solution is to have everyone in schools (prisons) all the time in order to prevent any other sort of change.
Related cartoon:
"?I turned five. That?s why I?m here. What are you in for??  (A kindergartner in a school bus talks to another child as if they were in jail.) "
Smart kid. At least, until school has a chance to work on him.
Gatto's latest book:
"Weapons of Mass Instruction: A Schoolteacher's Journey through the Dark World of Compulsory Schooling"
"In this book, the noisy gadfly of U.S. education takes up the question of damage done in the name of schooling. Again he touches on many of the same questions and finds the same answers.  Gatto is a bold and compelling critic in a field defined by politic statements, and from the first pages of this book he takes even unwilling readers along with him. In Weapons of Mass Instruction, he speaks movingly to readers' deepest desires for an education that taps their talents and frees frustrated ambitions. It is a challenging and extraordinary book that is a must read for anyone navigating their way through the school system." - Ria Julien - Winnipeg Free Press
   John Taylor Gatto?s Weapons of Mass Instruction focuses on mechanisms of familiar schooling that cripple imagination, discourage critical thinking, and create a false view of learning as a by-product of rote-memorization drills. Gatto?s earlier book, Dumbing Us Down, put that now-famous expression of the title into common use worldwide. Weapons of Mass Instruction promises to add another chilling metaphor to the brief against    Here is a demonstration that the harm school inflicts is quite rational and deliberate, following high-level political theories constructed by Plato, Calvin, Spinoza, Fichte, Darwin, Wundt, and others, which contend the term ?education? is meaningless because humanity is strictly limited by necessities of biology, psychology, and theology. The real function of pedagogy is to render the common population manageable.
   Realizing that goal demands that the young be conditioned to rely upon experts, remain divided from natural alliances, and accept disconnections from the experiences that create self-reliance and independence.
   Escaping this trap requires a different way of growing up, one Gatto calls ?open source learning.? In chapters such as ?A Letter to Kristina, my Granddaughter?; ?Fat Stanley?; and ?Walkabout:London,? this different reality is illustrated.
   John Taylor Gatto taught for thirty years in public schools before resigning from school-teaching in the op-ed pages of The Wall Street Journal during the year he was named New York State?s official Teacher of the Year. Since then, he has traveled three million miles lecturing on school reform.
So, what does peer-to-peer education look like? (Where peers are not strictly defined as age-peers?) This mailing list? :-)
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-30 11:22:06
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Homebrew Industrial Revolution 
Terrific theme. I'm looking at it now. Thanks for writing it.
--Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-30 11:39:54
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Vow of Wealth 
Interesting vow, and I like the sentiment (especially rejecting artificial scarcity), as a transition towards a gift economy.
Still, maybe the problem with money, as a way to manage true current scarcities as part of a cybernetic production system built around exchange, is that a single unified currency is not precise enough as a rationing method? By this I don't mean every city should have a currency (though Jane Jacobs recommends that) but that every material or other aspect of production should have its own currency. If I was making a cybernetic production system, internally that is what it would need, anyway. I would need to know how much a drill bit gets worn down in making a hole in an engine block, or how much energy a drilling operation takes, in order to understand how to allocate resources and see if the pattern of production was maintaining the overall health of the physical infrastructure (for example, ultimately, the drill bit needs to be replaced if it wears down, so there has to be enough use of cars to move materials to make another drill bit to make engine blocks).
What if we had ration units for the copper content of things, or ration units for various pollution aspects of things, or ration units for embodied energy, or ration units for the suffering of various workers, or ration units for various sorts of tool wear, where when you bought something you turned in perhaps hundreds or thousands or even millions of different types of ration units all at once to buy it? Computers these days could pretty much just as easily keep track of a purchase requiring thousands of different types of ration units as a purchase requiring just one type of ration unit (like euros or dollars).
That notion of currencies might even fit within the vow, which includes: "I commit to use free currencies that liberate and catalyze wealth everywhere, in any community, for every being, in a universal manner."
Again, I like the sentiment in the vow, but, even a gift economy or local subsistence economy would need some sort of way of deciding how many new drill bits to make today. Still, it is possible that it could all happen informally. I don't want to say it can't. Or, we may reach the point of abundance of materials and ease of production (Star Trek matter replicators) where these decisions about rationing are made easily or trivially -- like if almost everything was made of one amazing kind of plastic and it was easily recycled, we would not have to worry much about other materials.
But I think we will probably have a mix of different approaches, like the list here, and I now realize I think I had alternative currencies on it once and it dropped off:
"[p2p-research] Fwd: Re: Growing the 21st Century Economy" --Paul Fernhout

@_date: 2009-09-30 12:08:35
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Julie Graham -- A Postcapitalist Politics 
I agree, and have said similar things. Even on this list. :-)
For example, we are all too willing to despair over the energy needs of billions of people on this planet without imagining that billions of people (or at least millions) might literally stand up and do something about the problem (like put in solar panels and wind turbines, do R&D on better batteries, conserve helium or invent cooling methods that don't use helium, and so on).
Examples with pictures:
   "Plugging Into the Sun: Sunlight bathes us in far more energy than we could ever need?if we could just catch enough."
   It is hard to imagine that a power plant could be so beautiful: 250 acres of gently curved mirrors lined up in long troughs like canals of light. Parked facing the ground overnight, they are starting to awaken?more than 182,000 of them?and follow the sun. ... The steam drives a turbine and dynamo, pushing as much as 64 megawatts onto the grid?enough to electrify 14,000 households or a few Las Vegas casinos. "Once the system makes steam, it's very traditional?industry-standard stuff," says plant manager Robert Cable, pointing toward a gas-fired power plant on the other side of Eldorado Valley Drive. "We get the same tools and the same parts as the place across the "Can Solar Save Us? Probably. Eventually. With lots of government help. "
   Another option is for the federal government to invest directly in solar?for example, says Ken Zweibel of George Washington University, by funding the construction of giant solar plants in the desert Southwest, along with the high-efficiency transmission lines needed to carry the power nationwide. In Zweibel's version of the future, the sun would satisfy more than two-thirds of U.S. electricity needs by 2050, for an investment of about $400 billion. "Compared to what we just paid for the financial bailout, it's pocket change," he says.
So, plenty of technology. But some sort of disconnect there socially. (Government corruption? Or government group think?)
So true on isolation, and see my comments on the Venus Project (on the OM list) or my comments here on activist failure modes.
The beginning point here is maybe what I was trying to make in my comments to Ryan and Tomas about science and vaccination and other medical interventions. "Knowledge is not neutral or singular." While Ryan may be right in saying I set up a strawman if I'd say there is one kind of alternative, it is also perhaps a strawman argument to think there is essentially just one kind of "science" to defend. Rather, there are many ways of knowing, or even many ways of legitimacy, as Ryan points out. And there are many people who call themselves scientists or engineers that approach problems from different perspectives and with different degrees of competency in different areasp
Then, there are different groups of people engaged in an area (like studying the immune system or doing research on energy systems) who participate in different social processes (including group think or norm formation in different ways). Related:
   "The Forming ? Storming ? Norming ? Performing is a model of group development, first proposed by Bruce Tuckman in 1965, who maintained that these phases are all necessary and inevitable in order for the team to grow, to face up to challenges, to tackle problems, to find solutions, to plan work, and to deliver results. This model has become the basis for subsequent This book on the USA energy system is a prime example of showing thirty years of misleading group-think about energy policy:
   "Brittle Power: Energy Strategy for National Security is a 1982 book by
Amory B. Lovins and L. Hunter Lovins, prepared originally as a Pentagon
study, and re-released in 2001 following the September 11 attacks. The book
argues that domestic energy infrastructure is very vulnerable to disruption,
by accident or malice, often even more so than imported oil. According to
the authors, a resilient energy system is feasible, costs less, works
better, is favoured in the market, but is rejected by U.S. policy. In the
preface to the 2001 edition, Lovins explains that these themes are still
very current."
So, in that sense, it is a little unfair to say we have no imagination as a society. The existence of Gene Rodenberry's vision in Star Trek is another example. What might be fairer to say is there is a disconnect somehow between policy and imagination (as with Brittle Power), or a disconnect between mainstream media and local imagination (Star Trek sci-fi seemed safe for mainstream media because it was set 100s of years in the future).
Or, more fundamentally, a disconnect between imaginative education and compulsory schooling. Though even that last is unfair, in the sense that in high school in the 1970s, the after-school debate team was involved in debates one year about energy policy -- though that was a small part of time, and it was outside of school. How does one connect imagination and action? Well, to begin with you need to practice it, I guess. That is really the obstruction with schooling -- it gives children little time to practice connecting imagination to action. Sure there are "arts" classes, but they are at the edge of the framework. "Constructivism" is a related idea to get people learning through building things. But even there, it is not explained as practice connecting the imagination with action. (Of course, not all things we imagine are good things, so there are other issues there, too, in how we pick what of our imaginings to bring into reality.)
--Paul Fernhout
