
@_date: 2009-12-08 21:07:40
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Project Cybersyn 
There are many examples of cooperative, peer-based structures in real
business and society.  It can definitely work under some parameters.
In more and more *commercial* industries, you have projects executed
as ad hoc organizations of individuals and smaller organizations that
are only reified as a semi-solid business construct for that one
project. I only see it becoming more prevalent.
There are hard mathematical limits on how well cooperative non-market
decision systems scale if we assume altruistic agents of roughly
equivalent intelligence, thought it does scale to useful numbers for
real societies (mucho algorithmic information and decision theory
elided). Comparative advantage as applied to *decisions* has
interesting properties. I think one of the biggest failures of
classical economics, regardless of flavor, is that it has no concept
of this kind of continuum, assuming that it must be one or the other
in all cases.  Cooperative specialization will out-perform
anarcho-capitalism with relatively small numbers of agents but
degrades rapidly and becomes extremely wasteful as scales increase. An
optimal system -- assuming parity of intelligence -- requires both if
pathologies are to be avoided.
Of course, this assumption does not hold if there are gross
asymmetries of intelligence, but that produces a result that is
different from either extreme if we assume that all agents have rough
parity of intelligence. Super-intelligence produces a system where the
equilibrium is essentially totalitarian, but the lesser intelligences
are incapable of even  discerning that fact if well-executed. Even if
we assume modest differentials in intelligence, such as you might find
in a human society, the theoretical consequences tend to be a little
more totalitarian -- and invisibly so -- than most people would likely
prefer. This is where the argument ultimately ends up: if you are
manipulated beyond your ability to discern such that you have no
concept of that manipulation, what does that mean as a practical

@_date: 2009-12-08 23:43:43
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Project Cybersyn 
The continuum starts at one individual, the variability is in where it
makes sense to switch modes, and even then it is context dependent.
That said, you can make some good guesses for an average case based on
sociological literature.  What constitutes a "population" is also
somewhat context dependent.
Most people I know of that are familiar with this assume that
something like Dunbar's number (100-230 individuals) is a fairly
strong approximation of the threshold value arrived at by evolutionary
processes under most real-world parameters.  With the strong
application of information technology, you might be able to extend
that to 1000 individuals. There is quite a bit of academic evidence
that there is an interesting threshold for decision processes for
populations in this range even without considering algorithmic
information theory arguments.
Even assuming everyone has identical intelligence and making certain
distributions simple to simplify the math, it is essentially
noncomputable in its pure form though you can approximate it in
theory. Even though the precise cut-off point is highly context
dependent, it does not move as much as you might expect because there
is a log relationship. I do not think anyone has ever tried to
directly compute it and I am not aware of a practical solution for a
typical case because the system of equations is too complex and it is
too hard to measure the parameters in a specific case. It is an
interesting mathematical result preceded by sociological literature
that suggests values under common real-world parameters.

@_date: 2009-12-10 20:49:14
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
On Thu, Dec 10, 2009 at 7:18 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
Another problem is that GDP is a relatively weak measure of economic
activity on any kind of short-term basis.  It is trivially and
routinely manipulated by government action -- easy to see how from the
formula for computing it. However, over the long-term that tends to
catch up with a country, so you can't whitewash the GDP forever. What
may look like GDP growth is just a fiscal policy trying very hard to
create that effect.
Keynesian economic policies are significantly about economic
whitewashing to manipulate behavior. Unfortunately, that doesn't work
well with a sufficiently cynical population since it basically relies
on the abject credulity of people.  If they think the government
policy is full of crap, the purported effects won't materialize
regardless of the GDP bump and you'll be in a worse place than you

@_date: 2009-12-12 11:32:42
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
On Sat, Dec 12, 2009 at 10:59 AM, Michel Bauwens
There is a large "burn the tractors" policy element at work in many
parts of Asia. It creates relative impoverishment in a very real sense
but it keeps the peasants from rioting.  The governments figured out a
long time ago that if you widely distribute subsistence make-work it
is sufficient to keep the people from questioning corruption too
aggressively -- it gives the people something to lose.

@_date: 2009-12-12 17:26:13
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
The US Senate is a democracy of independent States for international
matters. Hence why until modern times the State governments chose
their representatives in the US Senate.  The US House of
Representatives is the only part of the Federal government that is a
democracy of the people. It is the same reason Americans do not vote
for the US President, the President is the executive of the States and
not the people (millions of utterly clueless Americans
For most intents and purposes, power was supposed to be vested in the
(presumably democratic) State governments, and the Federal government
was only supposed to deal with international and inter-state matters
that don't really involve people per se.  Obviously Americans have
kind of damaged that arrangement, and so there are lash-ups related to
using systems in ways they were never intended (and frequently to no
good end).

@_date: 2009-12-12 20:56:18
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
The obvious solution is to restrict the Federal government to its
intended role. This way, no one will have to worry about senators from
small States micro-managing the lives of people 2,000 kilometers away.
Of course, the reverse is true as well. Some of the larger ecological
disasters in the mountain West were created by policy forced on the
region by clueless politicians in New England, applying patterns from
their locales and ignoring local advice.
A big part of the problem is the idea that the US can be governed as
though it is a homogenous monolithic country. Far too many people in
politics think the prevailing provincial outlook in their neighborhood
has some kind of relevance to the rest of the country in the absence
of any evidence.
Non sequitur.  The President has no jurisdiction over individuals,
only the States. Even though the States have equal representation in
the Senate, the votes for President of the States is *still* weighted
for population.
Most Americans do not know that the President and Executive have very
little authority over individuals. The Federal executive operates in
US states at the pleasure of both the executive of the State *and* the
county sheriff. The last part surprises people, but it has been upheld
in Federal court many times; a county sheriff can revoke the ability
of Federal agents to operate in a county at any time for any reason. A
similar but slightly more complicated relationship exists with the
States. Just because the State governments allow the Federal
government to operate in their State does not imply that the Federal
government has the right. In practice, when a State gets touchy (every
decade or two some States will pull rank over some issue) the Feds
just bribe them with giant bags of "free" money.
(And honestly, the US should be so lucky as to have a modest firewall
between the Federal government and the gross incompetence and
malfeasance that is the hallmark of the governments created by e.g.
Is the Swiss system any good?  It seems to function reasonably well,
though I know very little about the details.
While I agree there aren't any really good examples of a
constitutional system in practice right now, there is nothing wrong in
principal with having a strong US Senate. The US Senate is arguably
*the* primary organ of the US Federal government. The President is not
even supposed to make substantive decisions, and judging by what
happens in parliamentary (and other) systems I would say this is a
good thing. The US was very intentionally designed to avoid any
quasi-autocratic democratic outcome.

@_date: 2009-12-13 09:25:13
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
They have tractors, or at least people willing to invest in tractors,
but you are required to employ a village to do a slower, more
dangerous, and less efficient manual version of it.  One of the
reasons the roads are so terrible in many places is that they are
built this way, never mind the negative economic impact of adding many
years to the development of rudimentary infrastructure. There is very
little that is positive about this, it papers over the very serious
problems that made it necessary in the first place.
Realize also that in many parts of the developing world, you basically
have a quasi-feudal system. It is worth noting that this is not
imposed so much as it is the system most beneficial to the poor given
the prevailing conditions; one of the reason communist land
redistribution schemes have failed is that the peasants rebuild the
old system shortly thereafter given the choice.

@_date: 2009-12-13 10:33:01
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
The Great Plains has been depopulating for decades. I don't know about
impoverished though, the demand for agricultural products hasn't been
waning and they produce a lot of export goods.
Each state is not winner takes all, though most are after a couple
centuries of trying just about every method you can imagine for
selecting electors. There are exceptions (e.g. Nebraska and Maine),
and it is up to the individual states to democratically decide how to
apportion their votes. The current system is a democratic outcome.
If you live in New England or some place like that, most people have
never heard of such a thing.  In the western US, it is better known
because it is exercised every decade or so by state and local
governments. Since so much land in the west is under Federal control,
there is a lot more friction and it comes up more. A "home rule"
county has an inordinate amount of legal authority in the US. Federal
agents in western states will often have a representative of the local
sheriff in tow. You also have States like Nevada denying access to
basic utilities to Federal facilities on Federal land to impede
Federal activity it disagrees with, possible because the State has
regulatory authority over these things within its borders. (The
perpetual Sagebrush Rebellion saga is littered with strange powers
being exercised by the states and counties in regard to land under
Federal control.)
This is one of the major headaches for FEMA. One of the reasons FEMA
did not operate in Louisiana during Katrina is that they did not get
immediate permission from that State. Contrary to widely held belief,
the Federal government can't just waltz into a state and setup shop,
Hollywood notwithstanding. Some locales pride themselves (perhaps
misguided) on the fact that they severely restrict the Federal
government from operating, so as a practical matter agents can't just
walk into any region and automatically expect that they will get
permission to operate.
National parks are in the West because that is where all of the
park-worthy land is -- some of the very early ones were operated by
the States before the Federal version. The Federal institution was
partly created because the first national parks were in territories
with no local government to speak of. The national park system was
created around the existence of this land, not to deliver money. The
national forests are worse, being a very public point of conflict
between the states and the federal government. National parks are
hardly a good example of pork distribution.
Pork is one of the few points of leverage the Federal government has
over the States.  Look at how much weird stuff is tied to things like
the highway funds, and how the Federal government reacts when States
threaten to leave the highway fund reservation.
Over the long term, which military bases remain open is sometimes a
pork barrel decision, though most were created under pragmatic
war-time reasoning.

@_date: 2009-12-13 16:07:22
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I think you are significantly misinterpreting those figures.  The
flyover plains states in the Midwest now have the lowest populations
of any other region and huge farm subsidies. The US penchant for
putting giant research labs and large military installations in states
with populations asymptotically approaching zero doesn't help either.
Sure, there is some pork but there are also big chunks of money that
are inherently distributed to low population states which biases the
result. And while the very top states on that list are strongly
correlated with having senators that are well-known masters of pork,
it is not obvious that pork contributes significantly to those
economies in such a way as be forestalling poverty. Federal outflows
to things that could be construed as pork are not a big percentage of
the budget and therefore a tiny percentage of the overall economy.
Given that there is little evidence that agriculture requires
subsidies to be profitable (and indeed has been generating huge
profits in recent years), I don't see how removing those subsidies
would impoverish anyone.
Note that while these two states "matter", they are at the very bottom
of the list for Federal outflows,  and  respectively. Their
mattering hasn't translated into Federal money, quite the opposite.
Whatever they are doing, I'd say we need more of it.
States like Nevada and New Hampshire matter because they are famously
not beholden to either political party and tend to have a disdain for
both. The States that don't matter are those that are effectively
"owned" by a political party, like California and New York. It
moderates the influence of party politics a bit.
That is a pretty good summation. At one time, California actually was
an exemplar state as such things go, but I don't see that happening
again without a reboot.
The Senate deals with international matters, executive oversight, and
is supposed to be a firewall against populist foolishness in the
House.  I think the only part of US Federal governance that has not
obviously inserted themselves in the money process is the Judicial

@_date: 2009-12-13 17:02:40
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
In some markets the US will remain a key player for the foreseeable
future. It still dominates R&D and with a long-term trend that
indicates it won't be giving up that dominance any time soon. Since
most of this R&D is private and growing the US economy has obviously
figured out how to monetize it in some fashion.
It is also a key player in the increasingly constrained global
agriculture markets, since it is frequently treated as a flywheel for
food supplies. When Argentina limited exports to Europe in 2008, the
US made up the difference from its reserves and it has the ability to
spin-up production quickly. Consequently, the price for some raw food
products "only" doubled in Europe.  Note that everyone is predicting
this type of thing to get much worse in the near future, which will
greatly strengthen the role of the US in the global food markets. When
the shortages get bad enough, foreign governments will be increasingly
motivated to drop punitive tariffs that protect inefficient local
operations from US production. Fast forward to the future and you will
have significant dependencies on US food.
Most of the cost of the military is people. Notice the huge investment
in autonomous and robotic systems? Those have a tiny fraction of the
capital, operational, and logistical footprint of well-dressed
monkeys. As a post-WW2 institution, they have taken a very long view
of these things. This is also the reason that the percentage of GDP
spent on the US military has been shrinking for a long time. Even
accounting for the current wars, the percentage is *less* than the
peacetime average of the 20th century.  Given how much of the defense
budget is moving warm bodies hither and yon, there is no reason that
automation could not shrink that budget to a fraction of its current
without decreasing effective power.  And this is in fact this seems to
be what is happening.
The part that would be hard to imagine is Arizona having "Confederate
militias" (it is nowhere near the South, geographically or culturally)
or "black nationalists" (there has never been many blacks in Arizona)
or the Chinese military surviving an operation in one of the world's
deadliest desert regions (one of the reasons the US military is good
at desert warfare that they train in some of the nastiest deserts on
the planet) or Texans having to "seek" nuclear weapons when the Pantex
facility is already located in their state. :-)
I am highly skeptical of a breakup of the US, there are no really
plausible paths from here to there.  A much easier path is a
restructuring of the relationship where some States vigorously ignore
the Federal government. As an example, the Federal government has had
a difficult time keeping everyone on the Highway Fund reservation,
with all the unrelated and pointless regulations attached to that
funding. IIRC, both the Nevada and Minnesota funded independent
studies that showed a net positive economic impact by simply dropping
the Highway Funds (the Federal government just lets the undisbursed
money accumulate, sweetens it with a bonus, and waits until the State
politicians take the giant stack of "free" money in a moment of

@_date: 2009-12-14 09:21:03
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I don't expect it to be cut, just stating it could be without nearly
as much impact as some might claim. New Zealand showed the way.
Nevada has a middling population for a US State.  A number of US
states in New England, the Midwest, and elsewhere have significantly
smaller populations. In any case, you will appreciate the current
state of affairs more in the future since the South is going to be the
dominant population center while places like New England depopulate.
There are only two metro areas in Nevada because ~90% of the land (and
growing) is under Federal control. There is no more room and the
Federal government refuses to relinquish control, even unmanaged land
with no Federal purpose (~40% of the state), under any circumstances
for any price. The way cities in Nevada grow is by buying a big piece
of land elsewhere in the State and trading it for a small piece of
Federal land adjacent to an existing city. There is simply not enough
private land for a sustainable economy in most of Nevada, and in some
counties the property tax base is ~1-2% of the actual property in the
This pattern is why the mountain West is the most urbanized region of
the US outside of the NYC-Boston corridor and, compounded by a
historical pattern of abuses of power and bad behavior going back a
century and a half, explains why there is a strong anti-Federal streak
and distrust of government in western politics. The difference now is
that it is (demographically) very young and rapidly growing region of
the US instead of a backwater without political influence.

@_date: 2009-12-14 10:38:43
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An email today can save MySQL tomorrow 
The main open source competitor to Oracle has always been PostgreSQL.
MySQL is complementary to Oracle's product line, not competitive.
Oracle does not offer a good low-end product and MySQL can't play at
the high-end. I don't see the problem.
Fortunately, PostgreSQL can't be bought. In the high-end analytical
database market many prominent products are modified versions of
PostgreSQL (Netezza, Aster Data, Greenplum, etc).

@_date: 2009-12-14 11:23:59
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Not at all -- the exact opposite. In fact, there is a massive
*outflow* of Federal taxes, more so than any other state in the US
except for one. There are very few Federal jobs in Nevada. Nevada was
originally created under some odd terms during the US Civil War,
basically an incorporated money tree that could be bled to fund the
North's war effort. That legacy of use and abuse has persisted, but
whereas Nevada was sparsely populated for most of its history it
became a rapidly growing urban state in the latter half of the 20th
century. Federal policy toward Nevada hasn't changed at all -- it is
their State to use as they see fit for the benefit of other states --
which causes friction.
Nevada's economy is based on three things.  First, Nevada is one of
the richest mining regions in the world for heavy elements.  Second,
the arid volcanic soil is excellent for certain kinds of agriculture,
mostly onions, potatoes, and grass-fed beef.  Third is tourism, both
Las Vegas and alpine (Lake Tahoe/Reno); the latter is where people in
the San Francisco metro go for winter skiing and many summer outdoor
Notice that two of the three things on that list essentially exist at
the pleasure and whims of the Federal government. Nevada has a
self-sufficient economy, but the state is constantly doing battle with
the Federal government to keep it that way. To make matters worse,
every time administrations change in Washington DC, they arbitrarily
rewrite all the policies for Federal land to please special interests
that don't live anywhere near Nevada. I think Nevada is one of the
very few US states where the main function of the State government and
politics revolves around limiting or impeding adverse Federal policy.
Nevada does not have many laws, so most substantive policy issues
within the State involve the Federal government in some fashion.
It underscores how complicated the USian political context is. There
are several different cultural and political regions with very
different histories, and most USians are oblivious to any context but
their own.

@_date: 2009-12-14 14:44:44
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Nonsense. The subsidy amounts to ~5% of the economy in those states.
Not nothing, but hardly a life altering amount of money. Some bills
currently being argued in Congress will have a much bigger impact than
abolishing subsidies. Given that agriculture products are currently
generating record profits at rates larger than 5%, I think they'll
Sure, Houston is one of the largest cities in the US.  The median
State population in the US is only 4 million and change.
At the same time, the Las Vegas metropolitan area has a larger
population than several New England states.  Maybe we should give Las
Vegas a few of New England's senators.
The percentage is 87-88% currently -- many statistics only look at the
Federal agencies with major holdings. There are several odds and ends
that are not under State control that aren't always included. On top
of that Nevada has a few major bodies of water that are under State
control, which eats into the remainder.
Last I heard, the amount of land in Nevada that is available for
development to the State and private citizens is 9-10%.

@_date: 2009-12-14 15:18:26
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Nevada has an interesting history. It started out as a fairly
conventional state when created, but had withered away to almost
nothing by the 1900s. At one point, it only had a few tens of
thousands of people in a State the size of a large European country.
Someone got the bright idea of rebooting the State of Nevada.  To
quote from a historian quoted on the Wikipedia page:
"Nevada, in a burst of ingenuity, built an economy by exploiting its
sovereignty. Its strategy was to legalize all sorts of things that
were illegal in California ... after easy divorce came easy marriage
and casino gambling. Even prostitution is legal in Nevada, in any
county that decides to allow it. Quite a few of them do."
Nevada is an odd state. It makes much of its money by openly
exploiting the incompetence, corruption, and legal morass that is
California. If it did not have a wealthy basket-case as a neighbor it
probably would not have done as well as it has.  A beautifully
executed example of inter-governmental arbitrage.
So Nevada did not always have famously libertarian laws, it was an
experiment to try and salvage the state. To this day, the Nevada
Revised Statutes are very thin. Shockingly so. The law is silent on an
enormous range of topics for which most US states write volumes of
legislation. And if the law is silent, you are allowed to do as you
wish with the caveat that the Common Law standards of personal
responsibility apply. Contracts are enforced very strictly in Nevada,
for better or worse.
It is worth pointing out that many of the other states in the mountain
West have taken a similar if less extreme approach, following Nevada's
lead. This has been at least partly responsible for growth and
urbanization of that region over the last few decades.

@_date: 2009-12-14 15:42:13
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Nevada pays for its own road and highways and its own police. Oddly
enough, it is even has international ports and customs zones.
Nevada has a large highway network that allows very heavy cargo loads
(it is a major trucking corridor). It is 40% the size of California's
in terms of miles. By law, Nevada's roads are paid for entirely by
State gas taxes and DMV fees. Federal highway funds contribute another
15%, but since those are taken from the state *at a loss*, it really
isn't "free".
So where are all these supposed subsidies?  I think it is fair to say
that the Federal tax outflow is very real.

@_date: 2009-12-14 18:08:38
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Nevada's roads were always built on the cheap -- the original highways
were built with a stupidly small budget and prison labor -- but the
quality is pretty good. California pays 12(!) times as much today to
build and maintain adjacent sections of Interstate to inferior
standards. Part of this has to do with the fact that gas tax revenues
are variable and they have no other source, so it forces the Nevada
DoT to be conservative and plan ahead. There is literature (been years
since I looked at it) that shows that the minority of states that use
this model get far better bang for the highway buck so it isn't
I used to argue DoT policy issues ages ago. While pretty much
coincidence for this argument, Nevada has often been considered an
exemplar in this domain. For the longest time they managed to expand
and maintain their highways without even needing to raise bonds, just
using gas taxes and use fees.  They are one of the states (among about
a half dozen) that is on record as seriously considering foregoing all
Federal highway funds; the net losses exceed the value of the Federal
gas taxes returned.
Sure, vice plays a big role. The state is all about tourism and
entertainment. In fact, when they tried to shed their "Sin City" image
(early '90s?), their tourism revenues plummeted and so they went back
to the model that worked and doubled down by targeting the high-end
luxury markets. Good for them. A lot of banking and accounting
operations are also in Nevada for the favorable treatment. Given that
the Federal government has all but killed mining and severely limited
agriculture, there aren't that many options.
The dam was a very large multi-state project, but I don't know how
that is a subsidy -- you would hope Nevada received *something* for
all the resources they sent to Washington DC. It was arguably more of
a subsidy for the other states that actually benefitted from the
water. Contrary to your assertion though, Nevada has built themselves
into an energy exporter, they've been dropping power plants left and
right for years. The Federal government won't let them drill
geothermal, so it is mostly gas and coal. Again, this is largely to
exploit the fact that states like California refuse to allow power
plants to be built in their own state, a purely opportunistic play.
IIRC, Nevada is guaranteed a 25% cut of all power produced in the
state at some very low price should they every want to buy it, but
they don't need it.
And what water grants? Nevada gets 2% -- yes *only 2%* -- of the total
Colorado river basin. Most of it goes to California, Colorado, and
Arizona despite Nevada having the Colorado river as part of its
border. Nevada is in fact at the center of the Great Basin water
district, a desert terminus.  The water that is there doesn't go to an
ocean, it simply evaporates.  Since the water supply in Nevada is
composed almost entirely of Great Basin water sources, how could the
Federal government grant it?  As a point of fact, Nevada has to grant
the Federal government water on Federal land, as it is not owned or
controlled by the Federal government.
Really, you are arguing that if one dollar of Federal tax money
somehow manages to find its way into Nevada it is a subsidy, and
ignores the fact that Nevada has been sending a lot more money to the
Federal government than it has been receiving for most of its 150 year
If we were talking about a state like New Mexico you would have a
point, but Nevada is an atypical case even by western US standards.

@_date: 2009-12-20 12:25:51
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
On Sun, Dec 20, 2009 at 11:56 AM, Kevin Carson
I think that in many of these cases, all power players in the region
are members of the Guild of Calamitous Intent.  There is quite
literally no party the US could meaningfully or usefully support that
is not unsavory in some way. Consequently, it is a "damned if you do,
damned if you don't" situation where the only differentiator is
Many (most?) times out in the real world your "choices" are all far
from ideal. And in the case that you don't make any choice and
simply ignore the situation, you get blamed for that too. Sure,
sometimes it might be argued that bad choices were made, but that does
not logically imply that a good choice was available. While there are
good criticisms that can be made of many geopolitical policies
instituted by all governments, the political idealists on both the
left and right have a shameful and embarrassingly thin understanding
of what goes into a real-world calculus.
Reality is both murkier and more consistent than political ideology.

@_date: 2009-12-20 14:10:19
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
The mistake here is in thinking that decentralized networks disfavor
"concentrated power" organizations. In practice the exact opposite is
true. You can exploit and leverage decentralized networks in ways that
are far more subtle and difficult to detect than centralized ones --
they have their own weaknesses. Against a very technically advanced
adversary with excellent mathematics and computer science, the barrier
to effectiveness to the wannabe asymmetrical warrior is *far* higher
than in more traditional asymmetrical warfare scenarios.
The "advantage" for someone at a systemic disadvantage is purely
transitory, it has only been true in practice because of the
traditional lack of sophistication on the part of the organizations
they were fighting against. Obviously the barrier to entry is higher
for the "concentrated power" organization as well, as it requires very
specific kinds of technological competence that they may have not had
any prior need to develop.
When the main tools of war become vast supercomputers and very
advanced theoretical mathematics, it won't favor the scrappy "freedom
fighter". It is much easier to buy an AK47 or build an IED than to
create a competitive (and survivable) analytical supercomputing
infrastructure that can play this particular game of chess.

@_date: 2009-12-21 10:39:08
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
The reality is more "sci-fi" than your sci-fi scenario. It is not
about computerized command and control.  It is about doing deep
predictive behavioral modeling and scaling that up to the level of a
society or country, understanding the underlying patterns of
individuals and social networks at a level of detail not even
available to the individuals themselves. Forget warfare, that is a
level of abstraction too far and a blunt instrument.
First, you can't just "combine processing capacities", the computer
science doesn't work that way. Second, even if you magically could
combine processing capacities, you are still missing the rarified
theory, computer science, and mathematics that would make it useful
for this purpose. Third, even if you could magically combine
processing capacities *and* magically build the requisite world-class
theoretical and applied computer science organization, you are still
missing the epic quantities of data that would make it all useful.
Hollywood movies aside, a scrappy band of misfits would get eaten
alive by a professional organization with deep pockets. It is
asymmetric warfare, but not in the way you normally mean.
Your concept of how this works is incorrect. It is autonomous and
algorithmic in a very pure sense, the assumptions of the programmer
play no role in the capabilities of this type of system. The idea that
you have people entering rules or some such is a charmingly quaint
1980s view.
In fact, this reflects what I was talking about with regard to being
able to build a theoretical mathematics and computer science
organization. Understanding the nature and scope of the task is not a
trivial matter; your average computer scientist would be completely
You are underestimating how predictable individuals and social
networks are for all practical purposes.
Non sequitur, there is nothing AI about this capability. Societies are
susceptible to simple algorithmic induction, and people are not the
unique snowflakes they think they are. It is vaguely on the path to AI
theoretically, but in the way the Wright Brothers were on the path to
the SR-71.
This is simply naivete on your part, you don't understand the basic
nature of the technology. State-of-the-art sales targeting that is
based on primitive versions of this kind of technology are invisible,
which is the entire point. The only thing that has kept it from
becoming ubiquitous is that the underlying mathematics is pretty new,
few people really understand it well enough to do something with it,
and the traditional implementation algorithms do not scale or
parallelize well enough to allow it to be broadly exploited.
If Google -- a system only suited to the simplest types of analysis --
was employing the type of technology we are talking about here, you
would not be aware of it.

@_date: 2009-12-21 13:58:01
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
This has nothing whatsoever to do with being "in denial about the
importance of culture and social construction in human action".
Indeed, it quantifies the importance far better than anyone is ever
likely to be comfortable with. Go ahead and keep your ineffability; a
computer will still be able to predict and manipulate your behavior
below the threshold of your ability to detect it.
This is hardly a novel idea. Hagelbarger and Shannon demonstrated that
a computer can predict human behavior better than humans can predict
their own behavior in the 1950s. Mathematics and computers have only
gotten better.
No, we have an only slightly sci-fi future where the models are
generated via generalized inductive methods instead of hardwiring the
pattern extraction.  Throw lots and lots of raw data into the system
and let the mathematics deal with the useful pattern extraction --
they are much more reliable than humans at discerning subtle
Nobody is relying on sensors and data sources you own, though that
most certainly helps. More importantly, all of this technology works
by building unique and detailed predictive behavioral models of each
and every individual. This is a big part of why it is computationally
intensive. No one is predicting the behavior of some standardized
"average" individual, they are predicting the behavior of *you* in a
specific context.  Shades of Minority Report, except not fully
realized and not relying on magic.
They are already invisible, that's the point. Very limited versions of
this type of technology are already used at a couple big e-commerce
sites; it does wonderful things for sales, and to the end user nothing
has changed. Hell, I know how this stuff works and *I* can't see it
when I use those sites even though I know it is there and that they
are manipulating a model built by measuring and testing my behavior
(also invisible).
Yes, I know, you are a precious and unique snowflake of unfathomable depth.
Ironically, people seem to be more predictable (from the perspective
of a computer) when they are intentionally trying to be unpredictable.
 There is more entropy in relatively thoughtless activity, probably
because behaviors are more closely coupled to environmental entropy;
the environment has far more ambient entropy than human cognitive

@_date: 2009-12-21 17:05:33
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
On Mon, Dec 21, 2009 at 2:48 PM, Athina Karatzogianni
The financial market mess is a classic case of regulatory capture writ
large, combined with the international homogenization of said
regulations so that damage spread freely -- regulatory monocultures
have the same weaknesses as any other monoculture. Throw in a dollop
of quid pro quo between Wall Street and the government, and the
politicization of finance generally. A completely predictable outcome
in the sense that the system was going to come unhinged eventually.
Broken regulations written for politically-connected special interests
have nothing to do with predictive financial market models. Indeed,
the predictive financial market models saw this coming and many
reputable quant hedge funds made out nicely. That the current
administration appointed the person responsible for the oversight of
Madoff to be the head of the SEC tells you everything you need to
There is literature on this, and countless supporting empirical
results that span half a century. This result is required
theoretically (elementary mathematics) and has been demonstrated in
numerous practical experiments.  It is deployed in real systems with
reliable and measurable results across every part of the population.
It is not very interesting at a basic "does it work" level primarily
because it is old science replicated myriad times.  The interesting
part is the long-term ramifications and implications of this fact.
To expand on this point:
There is a theoretical measure for the relative complexity of a
machine.  Ignoring the minutiae, the measure does not distinguish
between two cases: when the machine being measured is *vastly* more
complex than the machine doing the measuring, and when the machine
being measured is *infinitely* complex. These produce the same result
for the measure, but people care about the difference.
Human behavior and cognitive processes, no matter which way you
measure them, have always been measurable as being driven by fairly
unremarkable finite state machines from the perspective of vanilla
silicon. Not even a vastly more complex one. Per another basic theorem
we are incapable of predicting our own behavior, hence why it feels
like we are not predictable even when you can use a computer to
reliably show just how predictable we actually are.
(As an aside, Taleb is frequently invoked far outside of its
legitimate scope, as is the case here. We are basically discussing the
unsimplified theoretical context from which Taleb's argument is
Ignoring the future technology issues, this raises all sorts of
difficult questions since it violates a tacit axiom of most societies.
How long can we maintain a social fiction if it is increasingly
exploitable?  This is a conundrum which, like the rapidly diminishing
real value of human labor, does not have an easy or pleasant answer.

@_date: 2009-12-22 01:09:10
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Sarah van Gelder is who?  There is no cognitive neuroscientist by that
name that Google is aware of.  The only person I found by that name
who was also at TED is a political activist without a hint of
cognitive (or computer) science background. Cite please....
So a quote from a fake cognitive scientist automagically invalidates
all trivially verifiable mathematical and scientific arguments? My
assertion is mathematical. If I am materially incorrect, it should be
trivial to prove it. We don't need to appeal to the flimsiest of
I realize that I am goring sacred cows, to mix a metaphor, but only in
the sense that evolutionary biologists do the same with respect to
Biblical Creationists. It is a religious belief for many people
obviously, but for me it is just a useful tool that works very well.
Unlike some other areas of discussion where I am merely an interested
amateur, I have domain expertise in this particular case. I have a
hard time getting mystical about something that has all the mystery
(to me) of balancing a checkbook. It is simple and elegant, though in
the sense that a high-order function is.

@_date: 2009-12-22 09:17:42
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
The category error is in thinking that "free will" is a binary state
or non-contextual.  There are limits to how grossly we can simplify
what the mathematics actually says here.  If a computer can predict
every single decision you make throughout the day with 85% (random
number) accuracy, you are not predictable in a deterministic sense --
no one ever will be -- but you are predictable for all practical
One can trivially derive a working concept of "free will" from the
Invariance Theorem in information theory: no machine can perfectly
predict the behavior of a machine of equal or greater size in *any*
case, including itself. In more restricted cases, there are algorithms
that are opaque to induction by vastly larger machines -- encryption
is based on this. In other words, the mathematics requires that we see
ourselves as unpredictable even if there is a context in which we
*are* predictable.
Behavioral prediction is not a binary thing. The prediction error,
assuming the Solomonoff ideal, is a function of relative machine size
and certain machine characteristics. Any prediction error that is less
than chance says something about the complexity of the machinery being
predicted and in many cases is exploitable.

@_date: 2009-12-22 09:40:36
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Real-world data very rarely has anything approaching cryptographic
lack of predictability. Chaotic systems are not unpredictable per se,
just divergent. If you build the model using 27 different measures,
you have a good probability that most of them will be well-behaved for
a particular prediction. You don't need perfection, just "good
These kinds of methods are robust because the patterns are high-order
and non-axiomatic. You can use the high-order patterns to predict
low-order behavior in new contexts.
Using data limited primarily to behavior on a large website, which
lacks in-depth context, behavior prediction buys an individual sales
increase in the low tens of percentage points. Call it 10-30% as a
rule of thumb. There are secondary markets for these customer
behavioral models, since few businesses have the wherewithal to do it
themselves. Performance metrics are trade secrets.
Performance has steadily improved over time but is still limited by
practical technical factors.

@_date: 2009-12-22 09:54:16
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Even quantum mechanical behavior may be deterministic, there simply is
no computer within this universe that can measure it as such. The
predictability of measurably deterministic systems makes for a boring
discussion and is essentially irrelevant.
What you are missing is that mathematics also talks about the case
where a computer within our universe is trying to predict the behavior
of deterministic processes within our universe that cannot be strictly
measured as such. It is a much more complex and subtle subject matter
but at no point is predictability proscribed, there is simply an
epsilon that has a relationship to algorithmic complexity.
I've never asserted that human behavior is perfectly predictable, I
understand the nature and limits of the predictability that does exist
better than most. What is being improperly discounted is just how much
useful predictability there is within those mathematical limits.

@_date: 2009-12-22 10:12:37
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
FWIW, there is a nascent sense in some circles that theoretical
computer science is due for a wholesale rewrite. Virtually all of our
computer science is based on assumption made in the 1950s, many of
which are irrelevant or make no sense now. Most of the problems we
have with, e.g. algorithm scalability and capability, can be traced to
those deeply embedded assumptions which unfortunately have the inertia
of a "mature" field. Some really interesting algorithms have been
developed in the last couple years simply by re-deriving the field
from scratch with the explicit hindsight of a half-century of effort.

@_date: 2009-12-22 10:35:22
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
By the mid-1990s, the field of AI had run out of ideas. They didn't
call the 1990s the "AI Winter" for nothing. :-)
What saved AI as a field was the development of algorithmic
information theory (AIT) in the mid-1990s. The elephant in the room
for AI over most of its history was that there was no theoretical
basis for it even though it was theoretically plausible, so analyzing
the problem was reduced to trial and error -- an evolutionary
approach. AIT characterized what a very small inductive machine could
predict with respect to a very large data environment (e.g. Feder et
al 1992) which was eventually noticed by a few people working on AI as
astonishingly relevant to their work.
AIT has proven to be an excellent basis for describing the fundamental
problem in a way that was not possible before. Importantly, it showed
in rigorous terms why the history of AI was one long string of
failures *and* that a real solution would look nothing like what had
already been tried.

@_date: 2009-12-22 11:12:10
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
I haven't conceded anything, it was my assertion from the very
beginning.  It is obvious at this point that many here are lacking the
context to see the implications. This is not statistics in the usual
sense, it is high-order algorithmic probability. Intuition will fail
you here.
No it doesn't. This kind of math did not exist 20 years ago.
I am have a lot of theoretical expertise related to this, so I am
often approached by implementors about specific issues. As a side
benefit I sometimes get insight into current performance metrics.
Always good to keep abreast of the state-of-the-art in implementation.
I have no involvement or vested interest in that business. Again, I
don't see the claims as remarkable since they follow from
well-understood math.
When you think about it, it is just marketing distilled to its purest essence.

@_date: 2009-12-22 11:15:44
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Pervasive latent and intentional sensor networks which become more
ubiquitous every year.  Obviously not as detailed as what you have in
the developed world, but more useful already than you likely imagine.

@_date: 2009-12-22 13:34:12
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Nonsense, it isn't my research specialism, it is domain knowledge I
acquired years back working on other things. It is like saying I have
a "STRONG vested interest" in whatever brand of toothpaste I happen to
own at the moment. I have some expertise in AIT, and modern behavioral
prediction is based on AIT. I used to do a lot of AIT research several
years back and am therefore very familiar with the mathematics, but I
don't follow the latest results of the field too closely nor deal with
its applications.
People don't ask me how to design or implement them, they ask me how
to scale existing systems. That I can speak their theoretical language
is a bonus. If we were discussing sparse hyper-dimensional
computational structures, which has as much to do with game engines
and climate modeling as behavioral prediction, you would have a point.
In a sane society, we would not disregard an argument on the basis
that the person making it is not sufficiently ignorant to be

@_date: 2009-12-22 14:51:35
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
There is no strong theoretical reason to believe they are genuinely
random, so Occam's Razor would favor the "deterministic but not
measurably so in this universe" hypothesis.  From the perspective of
physics the consequences are indistinguishable; it does not make a
difference one way or the other.
I think "it's random" is the preferred popular view in physics because
it does not require further explanation and generates the same result
for all practical purposes as a more nuanced non-local determinism
model. Not terribly important either way at the moment.
The determinism is externally measured, so even if there were quantum
effects in cognition it would not materially change predictability. To
the extent there *is* unpredictability, it can be explained by a
classical non-quantum machine, so quantum explanations don't buy much.
Quantum computers are equivalent to conventional silicon, they just do
certain operations much faster. To an outside observer measuring
determinism, they will look the same.
At the end of the day the human brain may be a quantum device, but for
the purposes of behavioral predictability it is indistinguishable from
a classical computing device. It is almost an orthogonal argument.

@_date: 2009-12-22 19:11:23
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
If you want certainty, talk to a priest. Where I live, "tightly woven
scientific certainty" is presumed to not exist.
What it boils down to is that you are too lazy to even attempt to
learn the math and you are also dissatisfied with my attempt to dumb
it down to the point where you might be able to pretend to understand
it. We were already at the point where almost every statement came
with a list of implied theoretical caveats the length of my arm. I
could pretend all that lost context doesn't exist but I don't think I
would be helping anyone.
The deep-seated and pathological need for the security blanket of
simple certainty is one of the less endearing traits of the human

@_date: 2009-12-23 11:37:00
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Empirically, this list uses American English norms.  I tend to only
use "maths" when referring to multiple fields and "math" for a
singular field. Most Americans use "math" for everything.
You are the only person that asserted this mathematics is beyond
ordinary mortals; it is esoteric but accessible.  Your insistence to
the contrary reads like an inferiority complex.
Why? I don't care about behavioral prediction. I only mention it
because it will have a very significant social impact in the
not-too-distant future, a relevant factor that is being ignored.
You are correct, I have no skill at teaching the basics. When I teach
these subjects (which I do, incidentally) I can assume a
graduate-level understanding of theoretical computer science in
relevant fields. The terms that you found confusing above are
undergraduate level; if I had to elaborate on what a "finite state
machine" is, we'd never get to the point.
The Internet has a certain myopia in that it primarily reflects the
public meme space.  If it isn't in the public consciousness, it
doesn't exist. This is a nascent area, but the infrastructure is ahead
of the applications and analytic technology. There are more latent
sensor networks than most people would ever imagine, the existence of
many of them being buried in technical documentation that spans
industries as parts of uninteresting products. It isn't just the one
or two innocuous sensors you might be aware of, it is the integration
of dozens that are completely off the radar for most people and
increasingly powerful analytics that can detect very subtle and
dispersed patterns. Many sensors implicitly measure things they were
not designed to measure.
Work to effectively exploit these resources has been underway for a
number of years now, but for obvious reasons it is not a PR-friendly
subject -- out of sight, out of mind. Even for boring stuff like ad
targeting it weirds people out.
Those are the obvious sensor sources, the ones I would expect you to
know about. There are dozens of other ubiquitous network-connected
sources that are a lot less obvious because they were purpose-built
for a specific industrial function and being leveraged for other
purposes. It is a bit like how you can use underground fiber networks
as seismographs.
More importantly, the number of sensors is growing exponentially and
their distribution is rapidly becoming pervasive.  Even if you don't
believe there is much penetration now, it is plainly obvious that
there will be in a few years.
If you really care about this then it would behoove you to understand
the nature of the technical capability and its current state of
implementability. Pretending it is impossible is not a constructive
No, I simply don't lose all perspective and shout denials when faced
with a difficult reality. If I am going to solve a real problem, I
prefer to work from cold, hard facts even if they are unpleasant. One
can't just magic a pleasant outcome with wishful thinking.
Who said anything about capturing an entire person? This is about
behavior, not what a person is thinking.
(...odd PKD fantasy elided...)
What it comes down to is that you really don't understand the
technology, and you object to the implications of the technology on
ideological grounds.
You are inventing non-existent limitations on the technology and
ignoring the real limitations.

@_date: 2009-12-24 09:42:07
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Quantum mechanics was largely invented in the 1920s. The basic
mathematics of predictability was largely invented in the 1960s.
Obviously they used the tools available at the time, and in the
absence of meaningful distinction continued using the assumption that
had been in use for two generations when an alternative materialized.
Non sequitur. They are indistinguishable cases. The only difference is
that strong unpredictability allows (in the mathematics) that a
context can exist in theory in which the algorithm is measurably
deterministic.  In the case where no such context can be available to
us in theory, there is no difference in practice. A physicist should
not care one way or the other.
I think you might be conflating the specific case of simple *local*
determinism in physics with generalized mathematical determinism. We
know the former case is not a valid model, but I've never heard a
physicist assert in discussions specifically about this that the
latter model is invalid. The generalized model of determinism has far
weirder manifestations than anything we can easily conceptualize.
I have no particular model in mind (from the standpoint of physics it
doesn't matter), but I do understand the advantages of the
deterministic model from the mathematical standpoint.
The case of strong unpredictability is a trivial extension of existing
axioms and assumptions already used in physics and is mathematically
equivalent to "random" in all cases -- all upside, no downside. You
just have to accept that it is a determinism that sounds weird.
Asserting true mathematical randomness creates a new construct that
has very different (and greatly complexifying) properties relative to
the existing constructs in physics. It is a very ugly hack. ("random"
is generally a very murky concept in math, a portmanteau for anything
that is unpredictable in some context.)
That is where Occam's Razor comes in. If we can trivially extend the
existing assumptions without any loss of utility, why assert an
equivalent alternative that throws a monkey wrench into the clean
mathematics of the model?
Determinism does not imply predictability in an arbitrary context. The
relationship is not that simple.
We have three real-world facts to work from:
1.) Behavior is robustly predictable in a way that mathematically
implies significant determinism.
2.) The non-predictable residue can be either deterministic or not,
since there is no meaningful distinction.
3.) Future machines may further shrink the size of the non-predictable
residue, but we won't know until we try.

@_date: 2009-12-24 10:33:07
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Humans can do the mathematics, we simply can't compute the values in
many cases.  A computer can trivially sum a billion integers and a
human cannot, but that does not imply that we don't understand the
mathematics of summing or that it requires super-intelligence.
We are talking about something similar here, but the elegant
relationship between all these bits doesn't distill into soundbite
form. It is something like a complex multidimensional relationship,
but some of the "dimensions" are not dimensions in the way that a
layman would think of them and that distinction is essential to the
whole notion. I could attempt to shoehorn that (badly) into bloated
english that someone would complain about, but just about everything
of value would likely be lost in translation.
Heh, your experience is different than mine. There are a surprising
number of really obscure things that I know exist or that people are
working with which have no real references on the Internet.
Occasionally it is because there is a hapax legomenon that I am
unfamiliar with, but it frequently does not appear to exist at all.
Also, it seems to take about five years for highly technical advances
to bleed onto the 'net so if you are on the bleeding edge none of the
relevant knowledge is indexed on the public web.
A *big* part of this is that the Internet has an event horizon around
the mid-1990s for most things. There may be plenty of dead tree
references, but no one cared enough to put them on the Internet. If
you are looking for some specific literature on an esoteric area of
research in the 1980s that has mostly been forgotten, it may not exist
on the 'net. For example, I will frequently dig through old political
and legislative history. There are a surprising number of important US
state laws enacted in e.g. the 1960s for which there exists not a
single page on the Internet about the history of those laws. Not one
even though they are very visibly in effect. For all intents and
purposes, those laws dropped out of the sky fully formed.
For history generally, only major, modern events have decent coverage
on the Internet. Many events in the 19th century of medium importance
have zero references. The major improvement in recent years has been
Google's indexing of century old dead tree sources, which frequently
are the only existing references on the 'net.
There are a few policy groups following the proliferation of this
technology (e.g.  but in truth,
most people don't care.
This is pretty deep in trade secret, NDA, etc territory. There are a
number of fields and industries that have gone almost completely dark
with respect to publishing research, some because they have
traditionally always done so and others because there is no IP
protection as a practical matter. I am only partially unencumbered.
It is really boring and really technical. Like with most things,
people don't care as long as the right mouth noises are made by
someone in charge. The nominal privacy laws that are put into place
are theater. Many of the privacy guarantees being made are not being
implemented in practice. Even if you are diligent about your privacy,
there are well-known mathematical loopholes that allow your
information to be accurately reconstructed from the people around you
who are less diligent. And the kinds of analytics that can be done
across dispersed, unrelated, and very spotty data sets get more
sophisticated every year.
Sure, this is no different than advertising and marketing. There is
pressure to make advertising more transparent and subtle, though it is
moderately effective even when people are aware of it. Influencing
decisions subconsciously in normal commerce is the subject of much
literature and research, and the methods are increasingly
sophisticated and effective. The recent research on this is really
pretty fascinating and makes you aware of the extent to which it is
employed when you remember to pay attention.
In reality, jingoism, bread, and circuses goes a long way even when it
is obvious. The subtle stuff is useful for the inconvenient remainder.
A rallying cry for who? People don't care. Even among the minority
that claim to care, all but a few are doing it because it is
fashionable. And of the few that remain, most are willfully ignorant
of the fact that their "solutions" are the building blocks of what
they are trying to avoid. Plenty of "useful idiots" to go around.
If people do not care when it is obvious, why would anyone care when
it is far more subtle? Same outcome, less intrusive.
Science is inductive, to the extent it has axioms it inherits those
from mathematics.
Ideologies have a strong tendency to be axiomatic and hence are
unrelated to science.

@_date: 2009-12-24 11:29:44
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Well hell, if I had realized this is what it was all about we could
have saved a lot of time.
You are correct, I do not consider astrology, tarot, divine
revelation, magic, mystical incantations, alien abduction, the
supernatural, or anything that makes claims to reveal TRVTH to be a
source of knowledge. I will provisionally stick with mathematics and
science for now.
I thought that it had already been established that I consistently
reject nutty beliefs and magical thinking without further
consideration. If your argument was predicated on such things you
should have just said so instead of pretending that it was a
scientific discussion.

@_date: 2009-12-30 22:22:05
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
I have mixed opinion on South America.  Chile is probably doing the
best job on that continent. Argentina could have been a solid country
but has taken a strong turn toward basket case and squandering its
native resources. Brazil is a big country that has always had
potential but never has really risen above its equilibrium state.
Venezuela is circling the bowl; while there is some selection bias,
I've never known a Venezuelan that thought otherwise.  At the same
time, some of the other countries (Bolivia, Colombia, et al) seem to
be improving, so there is hope. Like Africa, a lot of raw potential
but relatively little prospect of execution.
If I had to invest in a single country in South America right now, it
would be Chile.  For better or worse, they are sane and pragmatic,
they are taking savvy strategic economic views, and it has served them
well. A few other countries are making an honest effort as well, which
gives me hope.
One of the biggest impediments is that South America is basically a
product of Spanish (and Portuguese) colonialism. There is not much
that is positive about the legacy of those countries. Even within the
US, the US states that partially incorporate Spanish common law are
considered a blight on sane jurisprudence, and the economies of South
America suffer from having no other significant option. For better or
worse, the English traditions scattered hither and yon by the British
empire are the foundations of modern commerce around the globe and for
good reason; it gave their colonies an advantage.  My experience with
the Spanish colonial system has actually given me considerable
appreciation for the legacy of English colonialism. For better or
worse, English Common Law is one of those rarified historical
artifacts that stands apart from most of human history as something
that actually advanced human civilization in a very substantial and
unintentional way. As evidence of this, most international contracts
are executed under the jurisdiction of English Common Law even if none
of the parties are natively subject to it.

@_date: 2009-12-31 09:20:53
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
My point had more to do with the cultural and legal legacy. For
example, they imprinted English concepts of "contract" and property on
their colonies which have become the cornerstone of modern economies
even in countries that were not English colonies. The Spanish system
was more feudal and you see many remnants of that to this day.
See: Hernando de Soto (the Peruvian economist, not the explorer)
Spanish colonialism was heavily involved with enslavement of the
natives. It is how we ended up with Filipino slaves in the Americas.

@_date: 2009-11-06 10:39:51
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 9:29 AM, Paul D. Fernhout
The basic political problem with tax structures is that their
real-world properties are very poorly aligned with ideological
preferences at a pretty fundamental level. We can't change the
function, only alter the parameters, and yet many tax policies are
essentially an exercise in willful denial that the function even
exists.  These functions are extremely robust across every
socio-political construct for which we have empirical data. This is
not particularly surprising since the similarity between
thermodynamics and economics is more than superficial at the
theoretical level.
The vast majority of people are in deep denial about the necessary
tradeoffs of their preferred tax structure, whichever it may be.
Concentrations of wealth are extraordinarily useful for real progress.
It is how most really great ideas get funded.

@_date: 2009-11-06 12:04:14
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Korea and China produce very little innovation in both per capita and
per dollar terms. Growth has nothing to do with innovation,
particularly in the developing world. (I'm not understanding why this
is even relevant.)
I am talking more about the venture capital ecosystem in its various
forms.  Very early stage venture funding has one of the highest
long-term annualized return of any class of investments, and is
significantly funded by private individuals who just happen to be
wealthy. Obviously these concentrations of capital are producing a
considerable amount of value. There is some value in government R&D
investment, but it is much less capital efficient for the result and
more fickle. For example, most Americans do not realize that almost
all Federal R&D funding has been currently suspended for months and is
not expected to start again until 2010; unfortunately, you can't
randomly stop funding projects for several months at a time and expect
the people employed on those projects to stick around. Ironic, because
you would think this would be a priority for "stimulus" funding.
Nonetheless, even for advanced software and computer hardware
innovations, government funding plays an important role (usually
military). Interestingly, it is often because military organizations
are more technically savvy than private venture capital and can
recognize value that the private markets are ignorant of.
There is no evidence that this is the case. Most really great ideas
are sufficiently obscure and poorly understood at their inception that
you will be lucky to find even a few people willing to provide funds.
The capital intensity of genuine innovation has not waned in any
significant sense. The marginal cost of dissemination of the
innovation after initial development has fallen but is irrelevant at
this stage.
When a brilliant innovative idea is first hatched, it is almost
impossible to find anyone willing to expend the hours of time to even
recognize that fact. In many cases, there are but a handful of people
even qualified to evaluate an innovative idea.  And all of this occurs
in a sea of mediocre  "innovations" clamoring for attention.
Multiplying the expensive level of effort required to develop funding
in the current system by integer factors is not helpful.
It would be a death sentence for the development of many, many
innovations if one had to aggregate funds from a large number of
What has happened in many cases is that we are merely replacing CapEx
with OpEx. The total R&D costs are the same, just distributed
differently. Yes, some classes of trivial innovation require little
money, but that is usually because they are *trivial*. Non-trivial
innovations usually require designing new tool chains in support of
that innovation. One of the hallmarks of non-trivial innovation is
that there are only a handful of experts competent enough to deliver
the first version.  P2P and crowd-sourcing only works for things
everyone mostly understands.
Even for innovative software (say, something based on some new
computer science), you are still looking at spending a few million
dollars to develop it into a useful innovation that someone can
actually use. And this assumes that you are leveraging open source
software everywhere you can.

@_date: 2009-11-06 14:44:47
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
You misunderstood.  The Japanese innovate, indeed they spend quite a
bit of money on it.  However, almost any way you tally up the
innovations and technological advancements they produce for the amount
of money they spend, the *return* on the amount of R&D capital at
their disposal is not particularly high as such things go.
R&D is hopefully about maximizing useful output for the money spent in
aggregate, not R&D theater. Productivity of R&D varies widely by
country and source. China spends less on R&D than Japan, but an
argument can be made that it is rapidly becoming more productive.
Eh? There is far too much capital chasing green tech in VC-land. They
are hampered only by the lack of green tech worth investing in.
This is a kind of failure for R&D investment generally, where there is
a glut of funding in a trendy area and a shortage in less socially or
politically sexy areas even if the R&D investment would return better
value. It is worse with government R&D in that it tends to ignore
topics entirely without regard to merit since control of the funding
is not diversified. Politically powerful special interests can kill
R&D funding. Fortunately, private research foundations have been
rapidly growing to fill basic research gaps in government research
that is also not being picked up by private industry. It is a
diversified ecosystem.
You are misunderstanding that metric.  R&D productivity has nothing to
do with the riskiness or failure rate, but the aggregate output of
useful results for the amount of money spent. In that regard,
privately funded R&D is extremely productive, primarily because it
does not have the "grant mill" phenomenon that you see with government
funding that spends a lot of money on research activity but produces
relatively little value in many cases. However, the government R&D
funding is valuable insofar as it funds some topics that are unlikely
to see much private research funding. That said, a rapidly growing
phenomenon in the US is private research foundations which take on
"basic science" type research but which are also more results
The truth is more complicated than this. Government R&D funding is
almost entirely captured by large corporate interests, so they have in
effect "out-sourced" their R&D budgets to the taxpayer but still do
the R&D work internally. Since it is not their money per se, they can
afford to be more wasteful with it.
That said, the vast majority of applied R&D is still privately funded
and highly productive. It has to be, since most of the small
innovative companies do not have the ability to obtain government R&D
funding.  Small companies *are* where most of the innovation occurs,
but those companies are forced to use private sources of R&D funding
so it is difficult to make the argument that government R&D is paying
for most real innovation in many market sectors unless only big
corporations innovate.
I would agree with the assertion that there are certain classes of
objectively sound venture investments that almost never get made in
the VC market. These are almost universally areas that are extremely
technical such that no one in the finance community can understand
them, but there is little R&D funding for extremely technical topics
generally outside of academic environments or very large companies.
While it is true that Web 2.0 is not capital intensive, very little of
Web 2.0 is "innovative" by the usual definition of the word.
If any of the Web 2.0 companies had solved one of the major technical
problems underlying many use cases for Web 2.0 infrastructure, they
*would* have been innovative but they also would have been a lot more
capital intensive.
Indeed, Web 2.0 is very limited because of this lack of innovation.
Twitter has not solved the constraint-indexing problem required for
useful, scalable real-time search; FaceBook has not solved the
self-join problem of graph databases; Amazon has not solved the
relational analytics problem of distributed key-value stores; Google
has not solved the problem of indexing spatial data types; etc. These
would be landscape altering innovations because you could build Web
2.0 applications that are impossible today. Web 2.0 is marked by a
complete lack of significant technological innovation, being
essentially slick versions of very old ideas.
Putting a lot of very old social behaviors on the web may be
convenient and even alter the dynamics of society, but that it did not
require any recent innovation to occur, just cheap bandwidth.
My view isn't ideological, it is based on years of first-hand
experience in R&D that has dealt with a lot of bleeding edge
technologies.  You are assuming a view that I have not given.  We
*already* have a diverse ecosystem of funding sources for all types of
projects, I was not saying that there was anything wrong with that.
My point, obviously missed, is that in reality funding does not work
the way you think it works. You are assuming that some sources of
funding are less important to innovation than they actually are. Some
types of funding are far more political and prone to fashion than
For example, you missed an important source of funding for extremely
technical startup ventures that is useful: large companies. You can
get paid to simply finish R&D on a product they can buy from you
retail if it solves a problem they care about. (It makes economic
sense for the large companies if that problem is costing them many
millions or they can improve profits by several millions if that
problem is solved. The may take no stake in the venture at all, they
just want to be able to buy the product of it as soon as possible.)
I think you are over-generalizing a narrow case. Yes, most innovations
come from the "outside", but that outside is "inside" somewhere else.
The PageRank algorithm wasn't innovative; the BigTable design was, but
that took dozens of man-years to produce even the most basic version.
I think you seriously underestimate the difficulty of implementing
genuinely innovative software. The problem with most non-trivial
innovation is that you can reuse relatively little of what you know
because the assumptions are wrong. A fundamentally new architecture or
a new algorithm from a new theoretical basis may force you to
completely redesign all software that might be able to exploit it. R&D
for a new type of algorithm may take a year to successfully complete,
but it may take twice that long to re-engineer all the other software
bits around it that will make it useful for real-world apps.
All of that costs money.  R&D on theoretical computer science seems to
take several months to a year to produce a successful result. A lot of
R&D topics in software are related to massive parallelism and
distribution -- testbeds at that scale don't grow on trees. Turning
that research into a useful piece of software or code a mere mortal
can use often requires many man-years of very boring code work that
you have to pay smart people to do.
Again, "my logic"?  What does that even mean? You are assuming things
I never said.

@_date: 2009-11-06 15:03:32
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
Not really. Arguably this is only true within the context of typical
venture capital structures rather than generally. This has been
well-analyzed in many places.
It is unclear what 'big concentrations of capital' actually means
beyond there being enough concentrated capital to take very big risks.
 Some ventures only require millions (or less), others require
hundreds of millions *at a minimum*. There is no one-size-fits-all for
the cost of innovation, so it is useful to have concentrations of
capital available for every investment that can return innovative
What you do not want is a class of innovations that are simply
impossible to develop because the required 'big concentrations of
capital' do not exist.  Such a class of innovations will always exist,
but it makes sense to minimize that where possible.

@_date: 2009-11-06 16:07:40
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 1:53 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
No one has suggested this that I am aware of. I merely stated that
this is highly productive capital compared to many other uses, but
there is a saturation point.
It is almost always the case that there is far more venture capital
than there are innovative startups to invest it in. The real problem
is that innovators (not people that think they are innovators, but the
tiny minority that produce real results) are in short supply. Also it
requires discipline and motivation as well to accomplish anything
useful, which is also frequently in short supply.
This really depends. Adequate hardware often is not cheap. For many
areas you need to hire domain specialists which may be very expensive
and hard to come by. Sure, you *could* do it as you describe above,
but it would be extremely inefficient for many types of innovation.
Software is often only inexpensive if you are doing something many
people have done before (and therefore "trivial"). Think FaceBook and
Many theoretical computer science innovations that are developed these
days are exactly this type of problem, even though on the surface it
seems like it is software and should be cheap. This is part of the
reason it takes so many years for it to percolate into useful
software. Everything has to scale out these days (read: massively
parallel/distributable), which requires a perfectly matched dev/test
environment -- expensive. Algorithms derived from new theoretical
models mean you basically have to rewrite every piece of software that
might use said algorithm -- a major pain.  Often, you can count the
number of people who even grok the theory of the software on one hand
due to various bits of theoretical esoterica that you can't just read
up on over the weekend.  The cost of producing the first version of
something completely new and innovative is very high. Subsequent
copies, not so much.
Here is the really interesting thing: the cost of implementing new
computing *hardware* is converging on the cost of implementing new
computing *software* in terms of implementing fully functional
No, designing and prototyping a new computing architecture is
surprisingly cheap these days, a couple million if you are frugal. No
need to make your own foundry, there are companies that specialize in
that kind of thing if you like how things work in reconfigurable
silicon first.
Manpower is the primary expense because for bleeding edge work you
often need extremely talented people to do work that those people have
no significant personal interest in doing. Hardware usually comes in a
distant second even for large-scale computing apps.
Some other industries (like pharma) have different cost structures.
I know next to nothing about solar panel R&D cost structures, so I couldn't say.
Generally true on the software side, we do not own any large-scale
hardware (yet?) even though we use it a lot. However, I wonder how
many other people would have the access that we do as a practical
matter. These are limited and expensive resources. And obviously you
could not build a production application on these resources.
The big resources required are extremely smart people that can
reliably produce successful results. Even when just talking about
programmers, the vast majority are pretty useless for non-vanilla
development, which is a major bottleneck when you need to write
100kLoC of complex, semi-exotic code.
You aren't quite getting it, and at least in our case, we aren't
paying for fancy equipment so it is almost all people money. Supply
and demand is not magically solved. Let's suppose that you need a
particular expert for a very important and valuable R&D program, and
there are only three plausible known candidates in the entire world
*and* they have no particular interest in working on this program, how
do you build the necessary team?  This kind of thing actually happens,
and people at the edge of the envelope where significant innovation
actually occurs are in short supply.
Also, time is costly even if we discount the financial aspect. Slowing
things down unnecessarily slows the aggregate rate of innovation, a
net loss. All innovations that are dependent on the current
innovation, say some lifesaving innovation, gets kicked into the
future indefinitely.
This planet is desperately short of people capable of usefully
contributing to non-trivial R&D efforts. A million average people with
no particular expertise cannot replace one extremely brilliant person
with deep expertise. If this was not true, "design by committee" would
not be pejorative.

@_date: 2009-11-06 16:24:52
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
Speaking for myself, the outcome I want is a maximized rate of
innovation, with an eye toward capital efficiency since that is a
finite resource. Beyond that, I am pretty agnostic about how that
My arguments are pragmatic, not theoretical. The realities of various
innovation funding mechanisms in different countries do not match up
with the theory or widely-held beliefs regarding such mechanisms. In
my view, we should be leveraging the real strengths of these various
models rather than trying to leverage claimed theoretical strengths
that don't match the practice. There is no single funding model for
innovation that is efficient for every case in the context of the
outcome I want.

@_date: 2009-11-06 16:47:04
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (history of computer 
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 4:00 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
US military R&D funding has traditionally had several things going for
it, whether or not it is true today.
First, their R&D programs have traditionally been run by extremely
smart technical people that understand the potential of an odd new
area of research, so there is a layer of insulation between clueless
bureaucrats and the person doing research. Second, military R&D is
simultaneously patient and results-oriented, looking for a specific
measurable result but willing to wait to get it as long as progress is
being made -- they aren't a VC looking for an exit real-soon-now.
Third, the military establishment has buckets of money to spend on
very expensive and/or very speculative research. :-)
understanding of technology and its potential is about a decade ahead
of the commercial markets, and they fund things based on that

@_date: 2009-11-06 18:40:05
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (invention vs. innovation) 
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 4:49 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
I'm actually talking about both, because in some ways they are not all
that separable in a well-functioning system. A lot of interesting
research is essentially forgotten because of incompetent (or
nonexistent) reduction to practice.
The point that you are not getting is that the various bits seem like
they could be done on the cheap, but you have to use individuals that
can do the whole thing from end to end.  Those individuals are very
rare and consequently very expensive; even in your minimum basic
income scenario, you can't force people to do the parts they don't
want to do but the work does not partition for all practical purposes.
Hell, open source software has giant implementation holes and many of
those apps have tons of volunteers and people that could legitimately
contribute if they chose to. Speaking from my own experience writing a
lot of open source code in the past, I only did the parts I wanted to
and ignored the rest.
Real software R&D doesn't produce things an ordinary programmer can
contribute to. Take, for example, sensor fusion -- a real problem --
where you merge unrelated measurements of reality into a single,
coherent model on a computer. Use cases are things like virtual
worlds, Microsoft's Photosynth, agricultural modeling in the
developing world, cloud-based relational databases, and numerous other
applications, all with severe limits based on a "simple" problem in
theoretical computer science that has been around for many decades. No
existing strategy in literature points to a solution so it will have
to be something new. So you purchase the entire body of relevant
computer science literature, analyze it, and clean-room a brand new
theoretical basis for a solution that actually works based on a
previously unknown mathematical relationship between constructs in
topology theory and join calculus with some other ideas thrown in. If
you publish it, a dozen people might read it, half of which might
understand it. Your programmer basically has to be a theoretical
expert on topology theory and join calculus to correctly implement the
solution in the context of one of the above applications. That's a
In the real world no one competent volunteers to see it all the way
through because there is a lot of slog work involved and no one cares
about the whole process. Additionally people that can solve problems
like this are exceedingly rare and valuable, so they have other things
they could be doing even if it might be less valuable to society in
some absolute sense. This is an extremely effective model, and you
rapidly get results that would be nigh impossible to get any other way
because you systematically force reduction to practice, but it is also
very expensive.
Google's search algorithm was not original to anyone familiar with the
literature.  What was original, and ultimately made them the success
they were, was the design of their database that allowed them to scale
the way they did.  Again, all they did was take some obscure ideas in
academic literature that had never been seriously implemented in a
real system and figured out how to put them together. Any other search
company could have done the same if they had been able to get the
right set of bright polymaths working on the problem that were
familiar with some seemingly unrelated bits of literature.
And this was for a problem where the elements of a solution are widely
understood by computer science geeks.
There are well-understood theoretical reasons why that won't work.
Centralization was required, not a design choice. No need to look for
the profit bogeyman when simple mathematics will do.

@_date: 2009-11-06 19:15:00
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (history of computer 
literate audience I ever talk to, bar none. While some academics may
have theoretical expertise in a narrow area, these guys are polymaths.
You usually can't put something new and exotic in front of them that
someone there can't immediately wrap their heads and understand the
long-term ramifications and implications. By contrast, most VCs get a
deer-in-the-headlights look if you start talking about technology that
is anything but vanilla mainstream.
They start working on most long-term interesting theoretical and
implementation design problems long before it is on anyone else's
radar, primarily because they develop the need for a solution long
before anyone else realizes there is a problem.
The military funds a lot of very advanced mathematics, applied
science, and engineering research. In fact, most of the  military R&D
has nothing to do with weaponry or anything overtly military at all.
Modern trauma medicine as it exists today was almost singlehandedly
developed under the auspices of US military research.

@_date: 2009-11-06 20:23:27
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
I did research a few years ago on the mathematics of optimally
efficient and pervasively decentralized networks. This theoretical
area is very important because it is used to prove all sorts of things
about cooperative systems of independent agents. It is literally the
mathematics of dynamics of P2P systems in the abstract and very
challenging theoretically with many unanswered questions. One thing
that has surprised me is that it is never discussed here even though
it is very relevant.
One of the critical theoretical problems of such systems is that there
are only two known strategies -- from two different theoretical
derivations -- for P2P system design that do not decay into
pathologically suboptimal equilibria. If you have a system that
necessarily cannot be constrained to those strategies, the system is
not stable in a well-functioning configuration.  The reason I was
researching it at all was because there was an interesting real-world
political policy problem that could not use either known strategy; I
never found a satisfactory solution, but I suspect one might not even
exist for that case.
The problem is that the two robust strategies in literature (someone
may have come up with a new one in the last couple years, probably
not) are both effectively based on adaptive market-like pricing
mechanisms. You can solve the problem with strong centralization, but
that has its own problems in real systems e.g. single point of
I don't have answers, but designing theoretically stable, strongly
decentralized P2P systems that do not have major provable pathologies
is very, very hard outside of some fairly narrow cases. I am very fond
of the idea of strongly decentralized P2P economies but I haven't seen
much in the way of a rigorous formulation of such a system here that
would be both robust and without significant pathologies.

@_date: 2009-11-06 20:37:13
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
The really short answer:  the amount of well-applied intelligence
required to do something that creates significant value has been
increasing every year for a long time.  People aren't getting smarter,
the intelligence we have is decreasing in value, and intelligence is
not meaningfully additive.
If you are an investor trying to get a certain return on investment,
that means the pool of people that can deliver the required value is
It is a very hard problem.

@_date: 2009-11-06 21:51:57
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 7:39 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
Cloud environments don't do parallel apps (or even distributed apps).
Problems do not fit on single computers any more.
If I can find someone that can do everything that needs to be done for
free, great. That is a big "if". We have difficulty finding qualified
people now for any amount of money. A good theory guy with mad
polymath skills can pull seven figures at a high-end comp sci shop.
Not by any stretch of the imagination. What makes those guys good has
nothing to do with their formal education. Indeed, when I think about
it most of them don't have a formal education at all related to what
they are known for. For that matter, a good number of them only don't
even have a college degree. These are the kind of people that can pick
up a brand new area of advanced mathematics the way most of people
pick up Harry Potter. I don't think they teach that in school.
If we are talking about research, I assume we want to complete the
research as quickly and accurately as possible while consuming the
minimum quantity of resources. Anything else is a waste of finite
resources. Unless, of course, it is about research *theater* rather
than real research.
No, I am looking at this from the standpoint of efficient research. I
don't want to waste my time accommodating people who are accomplishing
nothing yet are nonetheless preventing me from accomplishing anything.
 Not much fun, that.
Yes. Welcome to the 21st century.
Because I don't want to waste a decade doing what can be done in a
year? Maybe your time is worthless, but mine is not.
It is absurd. If I had to do my research at a fraction of the speed I
actually do it, I would not even bother to do it at all.
Dead wrong. Why should I slow down just because other people can't
keep up?  Forget it, if I seriously had to dumb everything down to the
capabilities of the lowest common denominator, I wouldn't even try.
For all your talk of "fun", you are trying to imagine the most
pathologically boring and un-fun research environment possible.
Non sequitur. What do universities have to do with it?
Uh, because custom silicon layout costs money?  At a minimum, it costs
man-years of time, requires expensive specialized hardware, and even
more specialized technical expertise.  Even if the labor was free and
you had the expertise, you would still be out hundreds of thousands of
dollars for the hardware.  It is a highly competitive market so prices
have fallen a lot over the years.
That price tag isn't a made up price, these are small-run highly
sophisticated engineering products that require a lot of resources to
I hate to break it to you, but most interesting engineering products
involve godawful quantities of very un-fun slog.
Huh? Life is about tradeoffs, it isn't all ponies and rainbows.
Nonsense. I'm in it for the challenge of solving genuinely new and
unsolved problems. That's my idea of fun. Unfortunately, it is "fun"
that requires not insubstantial quantities of capital. You don't even
understand the problems we do solve, so it is unclear how you know so
much about what is required.
It boggles my mind that anyone would even suggest that pretending to
do R&D on a problem that has already been solved is either interesting
or of significant value.  We can't all be followers; someone has to
blaze the trail you want to follow.
You are seriously confused about what this type of research is like.
There is unlikely to be comparable hardware to validate on that is
meaningfully cheaper in five years. Some of these problems have 40
years and thousands of pages of academic research worth of attempts to
solve them.  It isn't as easy as trivial as you are imagining.
Great, they can do it on their own time. In the mean time, I'd rather
have something interesting to work on.
No, the "rush" is the speed I normally work at. Perhaps you are just slow?
What intellectual monopoly?
There are well known questions well-specified questions without
answers.  And there are often proofs that if you can answer that
question, then you can answer several other important questions that
are dependent on the answer.
You have no idea how important the answers to some of these research
questions are to the developing world in very specific ways, never
mind the fat happy people in the industrialized world.  Dismissing the
value is simple ignorance.

@_date: 2009-11-06 22:08:24
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 9:07 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
That is information, not intelligence.
The "theory of multiple intelligences" is a feel-good New Age fad, it
is as scientific as the Creationism model of speciation.
Not augmenting so much as allowing us to use the intelligence we have
more efficiently.
"Ignorance is bliss" undoubtedly has some truth to it, but I still
don't envy an imbecile.
Because P2P systems are theoretically defined in such terms? Or do you
think mathematics does not apply? I'm not big on magical thinking.
Huh?  You have clearly failed at visiting my intentions and meaning. I
raised hard questions you have failed to address, I did not state my
views for the most part.
Huh? Why can't I legally talk about them in public? If there actually
were millions of people that could help with my deepest technical
problems it would certainly make my life easier, but the reality is
that those people don't exist for the most part.
You've painted a really weird fantasy.

@_date: 2009-11-06 22:35:53
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
This is true, but you are not understanding why it is true or the
nature of that system. I take it no one here is a big fan of math?
I have metaphysics? Does my mother know?
People are not becoming more intelligent. However, they are using
their intelligence more efficiently, which is consistent with theory.
Intelligence is not a synonym for information. Consequently the above
does not make sense unless you use correct terminology.
Whatever you are talking about, it is not "intelligence".
Sure. I'm not big on reality denial. However, you have not proposed an
alternative that does not have the same properties.
Well that's the problem now, isn't it?  I'm waiting for someone to
propose a way to do that which passes basic critical muster, but there
hasn't been much beyond handwaving.  I've been working on this problem
for years, but from a slightly more rigorous perspective.
We can't meaningfully solve these problems if we pretend fundamental
problems with the proposals don't exist. I've heard all these happy
proposals before, because I used to work with NGOs on designing
sustainable systems and international protocols of this type. We
initially made the same naive mistakes then that are being made here
plus ?a change, plus c'est la m?me chose

@_date: 2009-11-06 22:48:35
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
On the contrary, it is discredited because multiple intelligences have
a trivial reduction to a single intelligence. Since this is
mathematically required, it is not surprising. It was generally been
considered dubious when it was first proposed, but it formally died
almost a decade ago.
See: This is generally a great paper on the history of the mathematical
derivation and definition of intelligence up to and including the
current state of the mathematics.
What are "other modalities of knowing"?

@_date: 2009-11-06 23:31:30
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (invention vs. innovation) 
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 8:51 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
You are obsessed with imagined servitude. Hint: in collaborative
businesses that involve people of this caliber, anyone can leave any
time they want because their skills are job security. No one is there
that doesn't want to be. (In fact, our organization is as flat as is
legally allowed by law.)
Maybe that is how things work in your world, but that is not an option in mine.
What do want everyone to do, type slower?
I doubt it. Remember, we should only be doing things that interest us.
 I could keep myself busy with interesting stuff until the heat death
of the universe.
You are not understanding the problem. Like I said, it is a real
theoretical problem and it has not been solved.
Nonsense. This is a theoretical complexity problem. They whole point
is that you can throw all the hardware you want at the problem and it
won't fix it.
I've done it, it is fun. A lot of work though.
Actually, most people just beat the same dead horse everyone else flogs.
Pretty much what it sounds like.  You can get recent papers off the
'net for free, but a lot of older work is much spottier since it only
ever existed in dead tree form.  Fortunately, for most theoretical
areas you can buy one or two canonical texts that give very good
coverage of that fields body of work which you can augment with
individual papers.
There are occasionally interesting ideas in long forgotten papers, but
you usually look for is a set of explicit assumptions in very old
theoretical work that continue to be implicitly carried forward in
later work even when the assumptions no longer make sense in the
current context. It happens a lot in computer science literature and
is often a useful wedge point for developing something new.
This isn't software.  It is theoretical computer science and
mathematics. The event horizon is the 1990s, but in some fields no
significant progress has been made since the 1980s. Believe me, I
would prefer to just download it.
Again, you have a really bizarre view of the world. Are you
hypothesizing the world in which everyone is volunteers, or the world
in which these people are partners in a profit-making enterprise? Keep
your story straight.
Sure. Unfortunately, that doesn't help for many things.
Valuable in the sense that there is a highly competitive market for
their talent. There is no plausible scenario where this is not true
even if they weren't being paid.
Huh? No one is talking about anything like this, but you keep bringing
it up in contexts where it doesn't even make sense.
That's lovely and all, but you are making no sense because nothing
works this way.
Plenty, but to be honest most people don't care about that kind of
thing. Only nuts like me enjoy trawling literature. Seriously, how
many programmers do you know that read theoretical literature?
Not exactly the same. One is a mathematical assertion (that actually
has some caveats, but that is for the advanced class).
Since I don't see that world either, I have no idea what you are talking about.

@_date: 2009-11-06 23:49:08
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Yeah, the usual terms for this are "rent-seeking" and "special
interests". It is a classic game, they turbocharge their investment
with non-dilutive capital. It only seems like novelty if you don't
follow the venture world.  They do this every time they think they can
get free money out of the government for some political popular cause
or another. This time it is green tech. They are flush with cash aimed
at these investments.
I would think you would be upset about this, as it is one of the cases
where they actually being exploitive.
Agreed, I was just using a more standard concept of innovation.  If
radically changing millions of lives was innovation, Hurricane Katrina
would have been innovative. ;-)
Of course, I never disagreed with this. Most business structures these
days aren't much more than ad hoc collaborations anyway except when
organizations get large.
The problem with economics is that every last one of the major
"schools" of thought are wrong in material ways. The problem with
economists is that they don't appear to be serious about rectifying
that situation.

@_date: 2009-11-06 23:54:30
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 9:36 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
It has been a few years since I looked into it, but you are looking
for algorithmic game theory and topology theory, with some diversions
into a few other fields (like decision theory).  Unfortunately, there
is not a well-organized body of literature.  Depending on the
application, people come into the theory from different directions.

@_date: 2009-11-07 00:27:59
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
Okay, that is sloppier terminology than I am used to. In this context
"collective intelligence" is not literally intelligence in a rigorous
sense, but a collection of different inductive models (intelligent
people), got it. Plenty of literature on that. The "increased
cognitive complexity" maps to a specific dynamic in the mathematics,
but I can't think of a simple way of describing that off-hand.
There *is* a fixed upper bound on true intelligence. Or at least there
better be; an awful lot of modern technology depends on that theorem.
Google doesn't actually make us smarter it just..."refines"...the
inductive model of an intelligent agent. You'll be smarter due to the
increase in entropy, but that improvement is an exponentially
diminishing return.  Not much more to be had there, nor can there be.
In increases in "collective intelligence" mirror that of the refinement.
There are two basic mechanisms for "knowing".
There is mathematics, which is axiomatic and deductive. There is
science, which is non-axiomatic and inductive, with the caveat that
the correctness of this model is predicated entirely on the axioms of
What am I missing?  Divine revelation? Astrology?
But this isn't even a failure of math. It is the failure of a model
someone concocted. In what way does this support your argument?  If
someone tells you 2+2=5, is that a failure of the math?
Societies are systems, and subject to the mathematics that governs
system dynamics. Just make sure you ground your model and don't ignore
or simplify important parameters.  (Recent work on this gives very
impressive results, scarily predictive.)
Huh? Neither Wikipedia or Arduino are impossible in theory. It is
silly to assert as much. Indeed, they are *expected* in theory.

@_date: 2009-11-07 08:29:28
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
On Sat, Nov 7, 2009 at 7:07 AM, Paul D. Fernhout
Secrecy is usually used to protect resource investment that will
always be scarce, even in a P2P scenario.  We don't have any official
secrecy bits ourselves but we are covered by overlapping NDAs required
by most other people we interact with.
Let me point out a failure mode of your model which you obviously
haven't considered:
We don't publish anything because no one cares to or wants to spend
the time. Interesting, reputation-enhancing work that has no profit
value even in the current world never gets written down in a form that
would allow that knowledge to be shared because the only people that
know it have zero interest in spending weeks writing dozens of tedious
pages of no conceivable value to them.
Where is the incentive to share, when people could spend those same
weeks doing something fun instead? You seem to be operating under the
assumption that sharing information has zero cost, but that is far
from true in many cases even in a P2P world.

@_date: 2009-11-07 08:52:23
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
It makes sense if you think about it, a region of space has a finite
information capacity. The exact capacity is not important, only that
it is finite.  This strictly bounds the state of any dynamic in that
The human brain is an inductive computer, it does not learn anything
any other way no matter what labels you put on that learning. That is
the flexibility and power of it.
You don't need to understand the laws of thermodynamics and heat
engines to drive an automobile, but you are most certainly *following*
those laws even if you are ignorant of them.
In her case, she would dismiss any absolute claims about such things
as transparent nonsense, and she would be correct. She's satisfied
with the reality.
You grossly underestimate the susceptibility of these systems to
mathematical analysis and manipulation. Human societies are not as
complex and unpredictable as you think they are. No surprise there, it
was demonstrated in the 1950s(!) that computers can reliably
inductively reverse engineer human thought processes, practical
scaling limitations notwithstanding.  Our math and computers have only
gotten better.
You are confusing some random opinion on *practicality* with a
rigorous statement of *possibility*.
It is plainly obvious that there is no principle of the universe that
prevents open hardware circuit boards.

@_date: 2009-11-07 09:14:07
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
On Sat, Nov 7, 2009 at 8:29 AM, Paul D. Fernhout
You are misunderstanding what you are reading here.  The internal
abstract representation of all those models is *identical*, it is the
information that varies from model to model. Semantics and 3D are the
same structure, you are just organizing the structures around
different properties of the raw information. It is a local
optimization with well-understood properties. This is a side-effect of
ideal intelligence not being possible in this universe (it is
Nonsense. You are conflating theoretical possibility with empirical
evidence.  This is a basic logic error.
You are making some pretty severe category errors here, conflating
completely unrelated constructs as though they are subject to
equivalent analysis.
Some things are provably impossible in a strong mathematical sense.
Nothing proven mathematically has *ever* been invalidated by a fact of
reality.  There are some things for which we have only proven partial
properties i.e. we do not know what is potentially possible but we can
prove that some things are impossible regardless of that fact.  And
then there is science where nothing is ever proven at all.
There is no aspect of reality that does not obey strict mathematics as
we understand it. What is possible in the unknown areas of science is
bounded by what is allowed in mathematics.  That leaves many
unexplored possibilities, but it also means that we can say with a
high degree of certainty that some ideas are strictly disallowed even
without bothering to collect empirical evidence.
Every time someone has pretended that mathematics doesn't apply to
some aspect of reality, disaster has ensued.

@_date: 2009-11-07 09:27:33
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
No, it doesn't matter where the intelligence is located. It is a
property of the fabric of the universe(s). If this was not true, the
laws of physics would necessarily be wildly different than what we
Uh, no.  I'm talking about measurable properties that we've actually measured.
There is nothing magical about being ignorant of how a system works.
It is calculating, even if you are not aware of it.  It is a basic
theorem of information theory that a computer cannot be fully aware of
nor perfectly predict its own state.
Yeah, but you also are completely unfamiliar with the state of human
knowledge and capability on these matters. It is not an informed
opinion. Humans, both as individuals and in groups, are highly
predictable and manipulable at a level that most people would find
Even though we have a hard time seeing it, computers have no problem
doing so. We are much simpler machines than we like to pretend we are.

@_date: 2009-11-07 09:30:35
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
I'm not happy about the necessary ramifications, but I am not going to
pretend the mathematics is not valid or that the science is not
Like I said, I'm not going to pretend that rigorous evidence that
contradicts my preferences does not exist. I'll take a cold, hard
reality over a pleasant fiction any day.

@_date: 2009-11-07 09:41:18
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (invention vs. innovation) 
On Sat, Nov 7, 2009 at 7:35 AM, Paul D. Fernhout
We voluntarily agreed to enter contracts with other parties where this
probably would not be allowable, so it is not terribly relevant.
Not terribly important as a practical matter.
Yes, but irrelevant. You provided "evidence" of a solution that in fact was not.
Quantum hardware obeys standard mathematics. It is not magical. Try again.
I don't, and I don't really care.  The key is finding people who like
doing that kind of research for its own sake, even if they may not
like all the slog of turning into something useful.
Pure math is not that interesting to me personally.

@_date: 2009-11-07 09:52:22
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
Sorry, but it is only controversial to you, you just choose to ignore
the mountains of evidence.
There is no measure by which a brain does not have the precise
properties you would predict for a fairly conventional finite
computer.  If you have evidence to the contrary, please publish it.
You would be famous.
Why would we believe in something that is contrary to all evidence?
Even if it *was* incorrect, it would be a safe scientific claim
because there is no contrary evidence to date.
Sure, and the mathematical properties of this fact are well understood.
Seriously, this isn't even an interesting topic.  It is settled
science except for people unfamiliar with or unwilling to give up
their magical thinking.  It is the same reason I don't engage in
arguments about creationism versus evolution, there is no margin in it
even among educated folk.

@_date: 2009-11-07 23:36:25
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (limits of mathematical 
On Sat, Nov 7, 2009 at 1:35 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
They are the same structure. The bottom line is that the encoding of
algorithmic information *must* be lossy, not because mathematics
requires it but because the properties of our universe does. Obviously
predictions/decisions will be different in some contexts depending on
the information you discard.
More accurately, biological intelligence is shaped by evolution, both
in terms of the hardware it had to work with and the environmental
constraints that selected some parts of the phase space out of the
gene pool.  Intelligence in the abstract has no requirement to conform
to such restrictions.
elementary logical flaw, or you are conflating an opinion about
practicality with possibility.  Either way, this is not an argument.
They are different in that they are using different protocols that are
required to make different guarantees.  You know, those all-important
parameters that are absolutely necessary for the mathematical
analysis. It would be highly ironic for you to commit the same exact
failure of reason that you (rightly) accuse economists of committing.
Science is inductive.  It is essentially required to be wrong insofar
as it "being wrong" does not violate mathematics. Additionally, there
are formal methods for ordering a set of hypotheses by probability of
correctness, with "rational" generally being defined as making
decisions based on the highest probability hypothesis.
This is informally referred to as Occam's Razor, though 99% of the
people that refer to Occam's Razor don't actually understand what it
asserts in a strong, formal sense.
Sure, there are errors in mathematical proofs on occasion, as with any
other human endeavour, but not as many as you think.
Pretty much any theorem you are likely to refer to has not only been
examined by countless people for hundreds of years, but has been
re-examined by computers in recent decades that are much more thorough
and less prone to mistakes.  Indeed, a big meta-topic with regard to
mathematics is the fact that computers are increasingly far better at
proving theorems than humans are.
And at no point in the above was the mathematics incorrect.  If
someone states that mathematics proves the Red Sox are going to win
the World Series this year, you would be an idiot to believe them even
if their execution of the mathematics was perfect.
You can prove you got the right answer, but that doesn't mean you were
asking the right question.  Fortunately, we can also prove that there
are many answers that are impossible to get such that the question
doesn't matter.
The problem I am seeing raised here is that even if you fixed the
questions so that they accurately represented what you wanted to know,
you still do not like the answer.  That is not a problem of
Wrong. It doesn't work like that. All mathematics is strictly derived
from a set of axioms that we've been using for ages. You can't change
or discard a part of mathematics you don't like; even the most trivial
change would destroy the whole system. Adding or deleting an axiom
does not have the consequences you seem to be imagining. Mind you, the
axioms we generally use are not absolute truth but they are extremely
effective in practice.
I mean, you can argue that the axioms of mathematics are completely
wrong and therefore the theorems derived from them, but then you would
be in the position of discarding literally *everything* you know and
starting from scratch, right down to invalidating basic counting and
arithmetic.  Most people find mathematics to uncannily effective for
simple day-to-day tasks.
I reiterate my point: there has never been an instance of reality
violating a mathematical proof. Not once in the entire history of
civilization. If you think such an example exists please feel free to
provide evidence.  There are examples of people using math
incorrectly, but that doesn't reflect on the math and the nice thing
about math is that rigorous review exposes such cases in a
straightforward manner.
There are entire books devoted to the topic of the eerily robust
correctness of mathematics as it applies to the real world.
Who cares?  This is essentially the equivalent of a typo on a form
that causes a bureaucracy to do the wrong thing.  Whose fault is it
that you didn't double check what you entered on the form?
That is not a correct perception of mathematics.  The computing parts
are mostly subsumed under the very large tent of algorithmic
information theory, but there is an awful lot not under that umbrella.
Huh?  That doesn't make any sense.  You apparently have no idea what a
computational model is?
You would benefit greatly from actually studying this topic rather
than just talking about it. The idea of computational models as rigid,
axiomatic, binary machines went away several decades ago.
In fact, the kinds of computational models we use to reverse engineer
and predict the behavior of particular humans are essentially based
completely on non-axiomatic term logic.  Or in other words,
computational models that pervasively have no concept of certainty or
absolute correctness at their most fundamental levels. So what is your
objection again?
Mathematics has no difficulty with fuzziness, chaos, or uncertainty.
It would be pretty useless otherwise, and we have not always had these
maths since someone had to fill in the blanks at some point. For
example, almost the entire body of mathematics on intelligence was
formalized within the last ten years, and the required mathematics
mostly did not exist twenty years ago. The nice thing is that once you
have solved it, it really doesn't change unlike science.

@_date: 2009-11-08 11:53:08
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
Allow me to clarify just these points, so that my assertions are
represented properly.
I do make this claim, but it is not extraordinary given the
overwhelming quantities of scientific evidence that support this
Let me re-requalify this: there is no controversy among people that
have significant technical expertise on the topic.
Creationism is a good analogy in that the majority of Americans
believe in creationism, but evolution is not a controversial
assumption among those that work in biosciences.  Notice a pattern?
Belief that a claim is extraordinary by the population at large does
not make it so.
This was battled out in the cognitive sciences a long time ago, and
multiple intelligence theory (MIT) lost because there are a number of
pretty obvious weaknesses to it.  Popular flame war material back in
my CogSci days. It ultimately was discarded because it failed any kind
of rigorous scrutiny to support it and the evidence for it could be
explained much more simply in single intelligence terms.  It was very
much an "epicycle" model of intelligence from back in the days when we
knew less about it.
When mathematics got around to formalizing the concept of
intelligence, MIT was already considered a dead hypothesis. The
mathematics just put the final nail in the coffin.
My stated position has always been that we need *less* concentration
of wealth, but apparently my argument was too nuanced for this list.
The level of reading comprehension leaves a lot to be desired.  Nor
does it speak well to the rigor of your argument that you feel it
necessary to invent strawmen to knock down that do not even represent
my beliefs, never mind what I actually wrote.
All of which betrays deep-seated intolerance for anyone that doesn't
subscribe to your groupthink even if those people have an interest in
building a true P2P society and economy.  If you want P2P economics to
be anything but a fringe cult, you'll have to give up on the idea that
everyone trying to produce this result will mindlessly parrot your
particular beliefs. Doubly so when some of those beliefs have a
distinct anti-scientific patina.

@_date: 2009-11-08 13:36:01
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
I have no idea what your definition of machine is, but I'm using the
technically rigorous version. Everything we can conceive of is
literally a machine.  I suspect it would be a waste of time even
providing the references (if you cared, you could have done two
minutes of googling to invalidate your assertion).
This game of Humpty Dumpty is not the path to productivity.

@_date: 2009-11-08 17:56:13
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (limits of mathematical 
On Sun, Nov 8, 2009 at 3:52 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
On the contrary, I was fairly explicit that the axioms of mathematics
are arbitrary, selected for simplicity and power rather than any
universal truth. See, for example, the Axiom of Choice which was
controversial at first but which has become generally accepted because
it could be used to prove a large number of important theorems that we
could not prove without it.
You are conflating deductive axiomatic systems with inductive
non-axiomatic systems; algorithm design is an engineering discipline
even though you can (sometimes) prove the properties of a particular
design.  In mathematics, a theorem is strictly proven from a set of
axioms.  There is no "think we understand", it is either proven
absolutely or not. There is plenty of mathematics that is not
well-understood in a formal sense. The job of a mathematician is
nominally to fill in those holes so that mathematics can move on to
the next hypothesis.
While new patterns and relationships may be found, they do not and
cannot invalidate anything that has already been proven.  We may get
new knowledge, but it never destroys or invalidates old knowledge in
this context.  Math is not science.
You have some very strange ideas about what mathematics is and how it
Your example above, modeling molecular interactions, has nothing to do
with mathematics nor does it say anything about mathematics. Your
assumptions about these things are sufficiently wrong that you are not
making much sense. The validity of mathematics is not dependent on
better measuring tools or the next CPU upgrade.
Meh. The universe is made of information, which includes both stories
*and* atoms.
Again, you are betraying a deep misunderstanding of the basics of what
mathematics is.  Math isn't "wrong" within the context of the accepted
axioms, it simply "is".  Applications of mathematics can be wrong, but
you don't invalidate mathematics just because someone forgets to carry
the one when balancing their checkbook. If you don't like mathematics,
you don't have to use it.  Invent your own mathematics if you wish, it
is certainly allowed.
What it boils down is that you don't like the fundamental processes of
mathematics. It seems you are looking for a way to falsify a theorem
that does not comport with a preconceived notion, but the only way to
do that is to discard conventional mathematics *entirely* and start
with a new set of axioms of your choosing.  That seems like too much
work (true) so you are trying to find a way to selectively edit
mathematics to your liking.
The term "emergent properties" is used in the *application* of
mathematics for systems where the properties of the system have not
been formally proven because it would require too much work or because
no one built a proper non-statistical model.  It isn't all laziness,
sometimes the proof would be intractable and we can measure the
properties of the system inductively to a high degree of certainty in
any case many times.  Inductive tests aren't "proof" in the absolute
sense, but they are much, much cheaper. Just look at the amount of
work required to formally prove a small piece of software and you'd
know why.
A lot of laypersons think "emergent systems" or "emergent properties"
is a codeword for "magic", but it really isn't.  In fact, computer
science has mostly stopped using the term "emergent" to describe
systems because it gave too many people the wrong idea.
That is science, not math. Completely unrelated things.
Huh?  At its core, that is all science is.
This email was routed using a protocol proven using the mathematics
you are taking "with a grain of salt".
That's fine, it is not as though you are qualified to make such
determinations anyway. It is telling that you choose to ignore the
math instead of working on the open questions in math related to P2P
that could help make it robust and viable.
Really, if I have one complaint it is this. When faced with hard facts
that contradict preferences, the reaction here seems to be knee-jerk
denial of reality.  Instead of doing something constructive like
understanding the limitations well enough to work around them, we'll
pretend the limitations don't even exist.

@_date: 2009-11-08 18:20:49
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
Yes, though strict hyper-computation is not possible in our universe,
limiting us to the more conventional kind for practical purposes.
There is some very interesting research (sorry, no links) that
suggests that it is possible to approximate hyper-computation on a
conventional computer with an error bound that asymptotically
approaches zero. For many potential applications of hyper-computation,
this would be perfectly adequate. The catch is that the conventional
computational models you would want to use as your basis have not been
studied much, so there is a lot of work to do for it to even be
This particular topic, approximated hyper-computation, is very high on
my list of things to work on if I ever find the time.

@_date: 2009-11-08 23:09:50
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Limits of mathematical modelling (was Re: 
The embarrassingly tragic aspect of all this is that I have no
interest in the "current social order". My support of that is a
fiction you invented in your fevered imagination.  I refuse to believe
that your grasp of the English language is as thin as your grasp of
Yeah, I'm not going to waste any more time. What you just asserted is
factually and objectively false.  Sure, you might be able to fabricate
a fantasy land where you can pretend this is true, but it doesn't make
it so. I certainly don't care one way or the other.
Given that you have all but admitted that your grasp of mathematics is
tenuous at best, what is your basis for credibility?
Shockingly, I have never been financially rewarded for my grasp of
mathematics.  I suspect this fact will confuse you deeply.  Your
imagination is lacking, to say the least.
I hate to tell you this, but while you may get to choose your own
nutty beliefs, you do not get to define reality.  If you want to
believe anti-scientific and illogical things, I certainly won't stop
But I thought you cared about P2P economics. You have to connect with
reality on occasion if you expect to achieve that.
You haven't listened to a thing I've written, and you most certainly
have not understood a single word.
Listen, it is not my job to sort out what is very obviously a deep
confusion you have. You live in a world where almost every aspect of
your life is the product of things you are dubious about. Apparently
that does not strike you as contradictory.
That's swell, talk about assumptions. It is my favorite topic. Let's
start by talking about yours. Are you even cognizant of your
The above is probably the most shameful aspect of your behavior. You
constantly *invent* things you think I mean while religiously ignoring
everything I actually say. Is it safe for me to assert that you are
incapable of actually addressing the issues I raised?
You already did in not so many words.  It is too late to take it back now.
Again, you are incorrect.  Computation (as you are using it) is a
subset of mathematics.  That you can confuse elementary relationships
is a big part of the reason what you are saying makes no sense.  You
can invent your own terminology, but don't expect anyone else to
understand it.
Okay, this is a brazen example of you not even understanding what
mathematics is.  Models have nothing to do with new mathematics.  You
can create new models all year without inventing new mathematics.
Inventing new mathematics is exotic and difficult.
Which I never said, making you a liar.  Or at the very least, someone
pathologically incapable of understanding a rudimentary mathematical
Your credibility was circling the bowl before, but this kind of
irrelevancy is a new low.
No, "intractable" means that it is impractical, not that it is
impossible.  But feel free to invent your own fantasy definitions.
Cite please?  You use technology every day that relies on this kind of
math, but feel free to pretend it is all fantasy.
Ignoring your silly credulity, is it so hard to believe that things
that are harder to do are more expensive?
The original protocols were an ill-concieved abomination. It took
several iterations of hard lessons before people learned to listen to
the mathematics.  You are repeating that pattern.
John Nash did his work in the 1950s.  What is your excuse?
Honestly, that is a fantasy model of engineering and science that has
no connection with reality.
Uh, the fact that you *completely unfamiliar* with the existing game
theoretic research related to P2P systems? It won't do you any good to
pretend that you are familiar with these maths, because then you would
have to honestly address my assertions.
If you understood the math, you would also understand why they are
viable.  You are confused because you are ignorant.
This statement on its own has permanently marginalized whatever it is
you are trying to accomplish.  Congratulations.  You will now be
lumped with the creationists and other nutty science deniers, and by
extension P2P economics.
Excellent. So when I espouse P2P economics, I have to explain that it
has no relationship to people who don't believe in the validity of
math and science?
Do you want references for the assertion that 2+2=4?  I have not even
left the realm of undergrad mathematics. If you can't google it
yourself, I certainly can't help you.
There is literature, but you don't believe in mathematics so it would
be a waste of my time to reference it.

@_date: 2009-11-12 08:48:44
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
Shane Legg is one of the top academics working in algorithmic
information theory, and is particularly well-known for his work on
formalizing intelligence. He is about as credible a source as exists;
his doctoral thesis post-dates a number of other influential papers,
and he has been working in the field for about a decade.
The two other academics most associated with this area of mathematics
are J?rgen Schmidhuber and Marcus Hutter.  All three of these guys are
widely cited in this domain.

@_date: 2009-11-12 10:54:16
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
Legg started working on AI at universities in the 1990s, but largely
discarded that classical AI work as far as I know. He was one of the
very first people to work on general AI using algorithmic information
theory. The problem with virtually all mainstream AI (specifically,
mainstream AI not derived from algorithmic information theory) is that
it is baseless in that there is no strong theoretical basis why any of
it should work. Much of the prior AI research can be derived and
analyzed in the context of current algorithmic information theory, so
there are not many cases where it is meaningful to cite prior research
in AI per se.
Around the 2000-2002 timeframe, a few different people noticed that
you could derive a formal model of universal intelligence from some
concepts in information theory that had been largely ignored.  Marcus
Hutter, mentioned previously, developed the first proper derivation
(google: AIXI) and Shane Legg started working with him. This
theoretical work is provably very powerful and very general, but has
almost no relation to previous AI research.
The research priors for intelligence in computer science are not
previous AI research, but some obscure areas of information theory
such as Solomonoff induction. To the extent prior AI research has some
validity, it can generally be shown to be very narrow cases of the AIT
model.  The AIXI model is quite a bit like the Turing Machine model in
that you can show some deep equivalencies between systems that look
very different on the surface and real-world implementations can only
approximate the general theoretical model.

@_date: 2009-11-17 21:18:55
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The one thing depleting faster than oil is the 
On Tue, Nov 17, 2009 at 5:34 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
Americans would not even have to eat that much less meat, it would
just be a matter of switching the mix of meats Americans eat to
something better suited to the mix of open range and non-arable
ecosystems found in the US. More sheep, less pork.
In truth though, they plant feeder crops because it is the most
valuable thing you can do with a lot of the land. It would be a wasted
asset otherwise, and they still have to pay taxes on the land whether
it is productive or not.
There is a very serious labor *shortage* in agriculture at all scales
and of all types. In parts of the country where there is an illegal
labor pool they use that to compensate, but in many other areas where
there is not an established illegal alien population, they have to
automate because they can't find people that want to work in
In areas where there is not an illegal labor pool, the wages offered
are generally quite good for the area, people simply do not want to do
it. It is a lot of hard, dirty labor and that is not really comparable
to what most people do in their garden if you have to scale it up to
useful levels of productivity.
Facts not in evidence in most farming regions.  The primary power
source on most farms, when they have them, are diesel generators.  It
costs a small fortune to run electricity out to the fields, so most
farms don't. It simply isn't worth the investment.
Farming is fairly capital intensive, and the revenue/profit you might
realize on a single acre is paltry. You need a farm that is large
enough to cover the overhead costs.  Above the dangerous subsistence
level, there is a minimum scale below which it doesn't even make sense
to attempt productive farming.
Note also that the scale of the farm required is dependent on the
local ecology and climate.  In some very rich areas you have a
reasonable farm on a mere tens of acres, but in other areas the
revenue per acre is so low that you need thousands of acres just to
cover basic overhead.
Uh, no.  The farm terrain is pretty rugged even with modern field
conditioning technology.  That is why in some places the tractors have
tires that are two meters in diameter -- it is so they can traverse
the hazards.  If you used swarms of small robots you would never see
half of them again and they would burn a lot of energy and time just
trying to traverse obstacles that a larger vehicle could traverse
easily.  Also, the use of big machines is not entirely accidental,
they tend to be more efficient in many cases.
In some parts of the US, they still use animal power in some limited
contexts, mostly because you can get that into places that machines
(big or small) have a hard time dealing with.
We can definitely do agriculture better than we do it, but the
problems and difficulties are not in places most people think they

@_date: 2009-11-17 21:24:25
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Carbon trading - stage one 
One thing that makes me highly skeptical of most carbon offset sites is that
there never seems to be a way for normal individuals that have substantial
carbon sequestration capacity to sell offsets.  At the end of the day, it
always seems to be about funneling money to anointed parties rather than
creating a genuine market for carbon sequestration.

@_date: 2009-11-18 11:53:02
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The one thing depleting faster than oil is the 
On Wed, Nov 18, 2009 at 8:10 AM, Paul D. Fernhout
In regions that do not have significant illegal labor pools, my
experience has been that agricultural wages are about average for the
cities and towns they are near. Agricultural wages are significantly
higher than low-skill service jobs, but most people seem to
nonetheless prefer the latter. On the other hand, this work attracts
ex-convicts that have a hard time getting good jobs elsewhere and the
chronic labor shortage makes them employable.
Cost of living is much lower in agricultural areas, and the median
salary is more like US$30k. This is equivalent to $50k in
non-agricultural regions when adjusted for purchasing power parity.
Agriculture is like commercial fishing, you make very high wages over
a relatively small number of months which are then averaged over the
rest of the year when you are not working.  If you bust your ass and
work long hours during peak season, you can make some pretty good
money. One of the great things about being a teenager in a farming
community is that you can make a lot of money over the summer if you
are willing to work -- far, far more than you could ever make as a
No, the wages are fine. The problem is that it is hard, dirty work
with irregular hours.  It is not and cannot be a 9-to-5,
Monday-through-Friday type job. Most people will accept significantly
lower wages for an easier, more regular job.
Most autoworkers are grossly overpaid.  Agricultural labor is not a
high-skill job, it is just a lot of dirty work with an irregular
You have obviously never worked in agriculture. :-)
Farmers get better than ten cents on the dollar, but you are pretty
seriously misestimating the cost and risk structure of agriculture.
Most of the cost of agriculture is *post-production*. This includes
distribution and processing, both of which are energy intensive (hence
why you see vegetable processing plants in the middle of the Nevada
desert -- geothermal is "free" energy which reduces processing costs
even accounting for extra transport).
Part of the reason this is the case is that many agricultural
production inputs such as diesel fuel are not taxed whereas their
equivalents in the rest of the economy are taxed at relatively high
As an FYI, you are basing your analysis on a purely fictional concept
of American agriculture. Just about every last one of your assumptions
is wrong, and hence any conclusions from those assumptions.
What displaced workers?  Capital investment in automation helps solve
the problem of a labor *shortage*.
That depends. Is everyone going to bear the risk and cost of
automation in the first place?
Prices would not rise that much, since production is only a modest
portion of the total cost. But again, you are assuming that raising
wages will magically increase the labor pool. It is like fishing in
the boonies of Alaska; you can make a $100k/month, but the work sucks,
is dangerous, and requires you to live in the middle of nowhere such
that they have a hard time finding people willing to do it.
The elephant in the room is the urbanization of a population that
wants nothing whatsoever to do with agriculture or food production.
There is aggressive shrinkage of the labor pool in agricultural
regions. No one wants to live there, the population that is there is
rapidly aging, and no amount of money can attract people to live out
Already been done where it makes sense.  Frequently, it doesn't make
sense. American farmers lead the world in agricultural technological
innovation -- they have to in order to compete on price -- but they
are also very sensitive to the economics of their equipment. As solar
gets cheaper you will see more solar, but there is a large installed
base of diesel power that is both very reliable and inexpensive.
As you may have surmised, I am more than a little familiar with
agriculture at numerous scales and in several climates.
Nope, the economics are almost purely energy-based.  You can tweak the
other parameters madly to optimize for certain assumptions and
conditions, but at the end of the day the calculus all comes back to
American agriculture has adapted to virtually every ecological zone of
the country and found ways to make all of those regions economically
productive. The reason low-yield regions are productive is that there
are methods of farming those regions such that the energy and capital
requirements per acre scale according to the yield.
You mistakenly assume that all of this has not been tried and studied
in great detail.  Where it makes sense, it *is* being used.  American
agriculture is technologically pretty far ahead of where you think it
is. One of the reasons Americans can aggressively compete on price
against third-world labor in things like the rice market is due to a
high degree of computerization and clever automation. Robotics are
rapidly becoming a part of farms *where it makes sense*, and have been
for some time but the implementation might look different than what
you are imagining because there are real-world issues you are
Yes, not wasting scarce resources unnecessarily.  Are you really
arguing that we should wantonly waste finite natural resources?  The
goal of farming is to produce food.

@_date: 2009-11-18 12:07:13
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The one thing depleting faster than oil is the 
On Wed, Nov 18, 2009 at 9:15 AM, Kevin Carson
Yeah, I like lamb too.  Fortunately, it is becoming more available in the US.
In the western US, much of the cattle is raised on natural forage and
wintered on alfalfa. Local feed is cheaper, and grasses grow well in
the arid west. Something like 30-40% of the US cattle herd is already
raised this way on what is marginally arable land, so the sustainable
levels of production are not as low as some people imagine. Cattle are
actually an important part of the ecosystem on the open range
(replacing the niche formerly occupied by bison).
How animals are raised for market is pretty dependent on local
conditions and economics.  In places like the Great Plains region, it
is most efficient to use feeder grains like corn and millet.  The
quality of the native grasses (from a feed standpoint) varies
significantly with region. One of the reasons the arid regions of the
US are viable for cattle ranching is that the native grasses make
excellent high-protein forage.

@_date: 2009-11-18 20:34:03
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The one thing depleting faster than oil is the 
On Wed, Nov 18, 2009 at 6:27 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
Yeah, but it isn't 9-5 work. You can make good money though,
especially with the rising cost of food driving up profits to a
comfortable level these days.
The bigger problem is depopulation.  Everyone wants to live in the
city, and no one wants to spend several hours a day commuting.  How do
you get people used to living in a city to move out to a place that
has none of the amenities they are used to?
Remember, they can't find enough people to begin with. Most farming
communities are ghost towns now.
This is only true to a point.  They tend to grow the best crops in an
area that will have the highest market demand. I've never lived in any
farm community where they only grew one or two things, most farmers
diversify their portfolio.
It is even less true today, mostly because there are mechanisms now
for buyers to order specific oddball or specialized crops from farmers
thanks to the Internet. The proliferation of types and varieties of
grains available in stores now is a result of that.
Yeah, except for that whole labor shortage thing.
You don't seem to understand.  The wages *are* good, the problem is
that the jobs are located in the middle of nowhere.  You can't commute
to these jobs, you basically have to be local as a practical matter
and no one wants to do that.  The population is urbanizing and they
are not interested in going back.
In many areas, the commute from a decent city -- where people want to
live -- would be 2 hours *each way*.  Sure, you could make great money
living in a one-horse farming town, but you would have nothing to
spend it on.
That cost of living differential exists between US *cities*, never
mind rural areas.  And yes, the cost of living is dirt cheap in most
farming communities.  Whenever I move, I always check the income and
cost of living parity charts. You would be surprised how big the
deltas are.
Housing is extremely cheap (not more than a few hundred dollars per
month), food is super-cheap because it is local and widely bartered,
utilities are much cheaper than in the city in many cases (in part
because they are more limited), and all of this impacts local prices
for things like restaurants. Regrettably most people have so much cash
leftover that they spend it on ostentatious consumption like
ridiculously large TVs and luxury SUVs that they upgrade every year.
It is what passes as a hobby if you live in those places since there
isn't much else to do.
Housing in many rural areas is asymptotically approaching "free" due
to the several decade long population decline with no prospect of
people moving back. In many small farming towns, the cost to buy a
house is a few tens of thousands (I've seen them as low as $10k in
towns that were in the advanced stages of becoming ghost towns), and
rent is next to nothing.
This is a source of risk, but far from the biggest one most farmers
have to worry about. Agricultural economics are considerably more
complicated than this.  Unfortunately, agriculture is becoming much
riskier concurrent with the decreasing effectiveness of traditional
risk mitigation strategies.
I don't see how. One of the things that always puzzles people is that
in most years there are crops that are simply left to rot, giant piles
of vegetables and grain, because it costs more to move them than they
are even worth. This often-times holds true even if you are right next
door to a large city.
The economics of agricultural is complicated.
I lived on an organic farm before most people had even heard of
organic. You are attributing far more to organic farming than is
In many regions, the illegal immigrants are working alongside the
locals. It isn't a plantation, it is just needed labor. Even the
illegal immigrants tend to avoid going too far from civilization even
though the wages on those farms are better.
It isn't a pleasant job. You can find the work if you want it, there
are a lot of jobs in Alaska like that due to the remoteness. My
parents lived in a tiny Alaskan fishing community for awhile.  It was
basically a trailer park, culturally and to some extent visually,
which was completely incongruous with the fact that most households
made hundreds of thousands of dollars. They spend the off-season
getting wasted and going on expensive gambling trips to exotic
This is not really true, and there are a lot of examples of it.  It
takes more than people and money to have a robust city society.
I'm bullish on agriculture, but the extent to which governments
interferes in the agricultural markets is pretty destructive and
increases the cost of business for everyone.
Most of those costs are nonsense, basically very creative and dubious
accounting.  Some of those costs are even self-inflicted i.e. they are
not true costs, just unnecessary costs that we have invented for
One of the recurring political arguments that comes up in Europe is
that they are far too dependent on US agricultural technology and they
need to develop more of their own. The obvious disadvantage of the
current situation is that US agriculture technology is optimized for
agriculture in the US, and is therefore mismatched to the local
conditions of many other parts of the world.  We spend a lot of money
on agricultural R&D that primarily serves the needs of American
farmers.  Nonetheless, the US is still a major exporter of
agricultural equipment and technology.
I'm not sure what is special about Netherlands greenhouse technology,
the US has had vast greenhouse regions for decades that have only been
getting larger.  Greenhouses have a lot of advantages for some types
of crops so I am a big fan when they make sense.
That is a situation special to places like California, thanks to
several decades of gross incompetence on the part of the State
government.  In most places, the growing methods and crops are adapted
to local conditions.
There are crops that grow well in the high desert, and in some cases
(e.g. onions and potatoes), the high desert produces a superior
quality product that commands a higher price than what you can produce
in more conventional farming areas.
Their ability to catch salmon in the river is worth as much as anyone else's.
Which part?  Farm automation has slowly and inexorably moving forward.
 It is quite efficient if you can make it reliable at a low enough
cost.  USians do crazy things like seeding the fields by plane in
carefully controlled patterns.  More and more farms do targeted,
automated watering driven by sensors and the like to save money.
Pretty cool stuff.
Grinding up rock is pretty energy intensive. In some places, like the
Pacific Northwest, the volcanoes provide it for free.
Fuel cells have some significant technical issues for long-term
reliability. Pretty much the same issues they've always had, but
people are working on it.
Not very.  The background levels are already much lower than populated
areas during many parts of the year (though it gets quite noisy the
rest of the time). It is like the farm smell, you get used to it.

@_date: 2009-11-18 21:21:01
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The one thing depleting faster than oil is the 
Let me add that I think there is a significant opportunity for organic
production of very high-quality agricultural goods on large scales. In
fact, it is fairly high on my list of things to work on sooner rather
than later and a pet interest of mine. Let's raise food quality and
diversity for the world.
I'm a huge fan of clean, organic, sustainable, and efficient
agriculture. I believe that is the future of food generally. At the
same time, I am keenly aware of the economics involved and many of
these issues cannot be ignored.  We still have to feed 6-7 billion
people on this rock at the end of the day, so it can't be done in a
silly wasteful fashion if it is to work out at a scale that people in
the lower strata of society will benefit from. It will require clever
technology, efficient logistics, and deeply pragmatic engineering
because the margins are small enough that wishful thinking is a
suicide note.

@_date: 2009-11-23 16:10:30
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
The other current reality is that States like California are not
inherently bankrupt, they are just fantastically wasteful, corrupt,
and incompetent. That kind of deadweight loss is tolerable in a strong
growth economy, but it becomes a dead albatross during less prosperous
times. California is a good example of a state that has been
completely captured by a power structure that uses the government as
its personal money tree.
Tax revenues have very little to do with it. It is not unlike the
people that make millions of dollars per year who nonetheless find
themselves bankrupt because of financial recklessness and profligate
The structure of taxes is at least as important as the level of
taxation. The economic loss between two different tax structures with
the same revenue potential can vary by integer factors. This is the
reasons capital gains taxes are generally considered bad but income
taxes are generally considered good -- significant differences in
adverse economic impact per revenue dollar.
European governments generally have smarter tax structures than the US
in terms of mitigating economic growth reduction.
Europe already runs a relatively distant third after North America and
Asia, and has been falling further behind every year. While R&D
investment continues to grow in the US year over year, most of the
significant shift has been from Europe to Asia.  Technology and
agriculture are going to remain major competitive exports of the US
for a long time.
There is very little chance that innovation will flow back to Europe,
that continent has been in decline with respect to innovation for many
years with no real hope of reversing that trend.  Asia is where all
the new action seems to be, and as a continent it has almost caught up
with the US in terms of R&D expenditure.
The US still dominates R&D, but the extent to which this is true is
dependent on the practical ability to convert that R&D into profit.
Private corporations in the US spend more money on R&D alone than the
entire EU from all sources. The US government also spends far more
money on R&D than Europe, but that is driven in part by lobbying of
private R&D enterprises -- the government doesn't just fund it for its
own sake, it is the result of commercial lobbying.

@_date: 2009-11-23 16:38:55
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
On Sun, Nov 22, 2009 at 7:25 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
Something to keep in mind is that reserves are depleted in part
because they have been working as intended.  When several countries
instituted export and price controls on food last year, along with
some natural disasters in a couple key countries (e.g. Australia), a
significant portion of the global trade loss was buffered by increased
exports from the US. In order to make this work, the US was exporting
many agricultural commodities at greater than replacement rate for the
reserves.  It has been good for US agricultural profits but it takes a
while to spin-up production when e.g. food trade breaks down between
South America and Europe.
Dubious agricultural policies in the US such as turning grain into
ethanol notwithstanding, US agricultural exports have been
significantly increasing in recent years.  It has not helped that
poorly conceived regulations in many countries have frequently caused
total production to decrease in those countries.
The more complicated part of this is that it is truly a global system.
 If several major food exporters suddenly stop exporting at the same
time, you are essentially depending on countries with strong reserves
like the US to make up the difference. This has been happening in
recent years and it looks to only get worse.

@_date: 2009-11-24 09:27:12
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Sadly true in this case, the growth in spending has significantly
exceeded the growth of the economy for a long time. There is
absolutely nothing to show for the massive spending increases. It is
mostly spent on things like lavish pay for bureaucrats, the unions for
which have completely captured the government for decades. Something
is not right when the State that has metropolitan areas like Silicon
Valley has government workers that make 10-15% more than the average
individual in the private sector.
The state is a disaster, and the state government is largely immune to
accountability. For projects that span adjacent state borders,
California will frequently pay more than 10x for the same bit that is
on their side of the border as the adjacent states.
Other states may have better excuses, but California is simply a
matter of corruption and gross fiscal mismanagement.

@_date: 2009-11-24 10:46:54
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
On Tue, Nov 24, 2009 at 10:21 AM, Paul D. Fernhout
Not necessarily. California is a textbook example of what happens when
a government is completely captured by a single political power
structure over the long term. And once they captured it, they rewrote
all the rules so that it would be effectively impossible to remove
Most other states still have political diversity, and the US as a
country is too geographically and culturally diverse for something
similar to happen easily at the Federal level. It remains to be seen
if the current bout of fiscal mismanagement, incompetence, and
corruption at the Federal level subsides. It would be even better if
something resembling genuine fiscal competence happened, but a sane
person would give very long odds on that outcome.

@_date: 2009-11-24 14:45:34
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Right, except in the case of California the pathological greed was to
be found in the government unions.
Your optimism is misplaced. Also, California is socially conservative
outside of the medium-sized city of San Francisco -- it is easy to
confuse the politics of the government with the politics of the state.
I've lived in California a long time, and among all the friends and
acquaintances I've had over the years here I am one of the last to
leave. There is a slow but apparently irreversible exodus in key
industries that has been in motion for many years. The "gifted people"
are bolting and there is little evidence that the government is
interested in fixing the problems that are causing it.
The biggest winner in all this is probably the Pacific Northwest,
which has seen a steady influx of businesses normally associated with
California, like technology and television/movies. Most of the people
I used to know in Silicon Valley or Los Angeles back in the day are
now in Seattle or Portland or British Columbia. And for obvious and
good reasons -- I am in the process of moving my tech company from
Silicon Valley to Seattle at this very moment. California has
poisoned itself. Since California mismanaged their water supplies for
many decades, I expect agriculture will be on the decline as well.
I think you might be conflating the myth of California with the
reality of California, though they were not all that different half a
century ago. The reality is that it is a socially conservative state
run by deeply corrupt unions that are fiscally irresponsible in the
extreme. It might have nice scenery, but the business, social, and
cultural environment are pretty toxic. There are other places I would
much rather live and work now.
Which states are those?  Here is an interesting fact for you: the
least religious states in the United States are the so-called
"sagebrush" States. The most socially liberal states in terms of
actual laws on the books?  The sagebrush states. Demographically
youngest region? Sagebrush again. These flyover states are also the
second most urbanized regions of the US after the New York City
corridor. The Midwest states (the other flyover states) are in steep
decline, so they will evaporate on their own.
The US has five or six distinctive demographic regions, and the
demographic statistics are interesting in that they violate most
stereotypes.  Due to long-term demographic trends, the centers of
gravity in the US are moving toward the South and the Sagebrush
states.  People are familiar with the political characteristics of the
South (20th century Democrats, Bush Jr. administration).  Sagebrush
politics are very different from anything Americans are used so you
will likely see something new and different as their influence

@_date: 2009-11-25 08:47:47
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
That's the problem, very little of the money went to public services.
Instead they spent money continuously building more prisons, because
the prison union is extremely powerful, with the requisite prison
guards making six figure salaries.  I'm not blaming unions generally,
it was the government employee unions that looted the state. I have a
lot of relatives that work for the state of California, and while they
like the very high wages obviously, they don't deny the deleterious
effects of the unions on state governance either.
Taxes in California are very high, higher than surrounding states.
Yet they consistently generate worse and vastly more expensive
services than the same neighbors.  Why does it cost California 12x as
much to build the same piece of highway as neighbors, with lower
quality implementation?
You are taking a very ideological view of this, but it is much simpler
than that. The State of California is deeply corrupted and
extraordinarily wasteful even by the standard of most State
governments. We are talking about a State that has proven so
incompetent at delivering basic services that residents of some of the
most left-wing areas of the State have successfully sued to privatize
projects in order that service be delivered after several years of
getting nowhere on a project that should only have taken a few months
and modest amount of money.

@_date: 2009-11-25 09:47:03
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
The problem is using "conservative" as a portmanteau, there are many
different kinds of "conservative". I've lived in La Jolla and
Pasadena, they aren't anything at all like e.g. San Francisco or New
York City in terms of politics.
Californians are socially conservative outside of some relatively
small pockets. This is part of the reason California laws are socially
conservative and attempts to change them routinely fail even in the
most left-wing areas. The proof is in the pudding.
Californians say they are socially liberal because that is a mouth
noise you are expected to make, but their actions scream social
conservative. I see it every day, and I live in the middle of a
well-known semi-urban left-wing Democrat enclave where there isn't a
Republican in sight where socially conservative issues inexplicably
win in elections every time.  I am far more socially liberal than most
of them in practice (which should surprise no one).
California is originally a western state -- it still has open carry of
firearms -- and is therefore originally libertarian in character.
Fiscally conservative, socially liberal insofar as the laws go (though
it has that pesky Spanish common law to contend with).  Very few
people are born in the mountain west, they tend to move there.
Politically, Reagan was not Midwest in the slightest.
Now, California really *does* have a Midwest political character,
actively socially conservative while being fiscally liberal. Quite the
San Francisco used to be a decent city, but it has been in decline
since the 1990s. A lot of the younger people that lived in San
Francisco and Santa Cruz moved up to Portland and Seattle.
As for Los Angeles, I agree completely.  That city hasn't been nice as
long as I've been alive. ;-)
I view it as being politically very similar, just nicer. San Francisco
as a city is ideologically much more left than what they are allowed
to implement in practice.  Remember, they are beholden to the social
conservatives in the rest of California.
The difference is that the taxes in Oregon and Washington are much
lower, which gives them headroom. Here are some current tax load
rankings (higher rank means higher tax loads):
Business taxes: California =  Oregon =  Washington = Individual taxes: California =  Oregon =  Washington = See the difference?  Washington and Oregon deliver as much service as
California while requiring less taxes to do it. They have considerably
more economic latitude to raise taxes to the extent their
constitutions allow it.
Huh?  San Francisco mostly produces great restaurants, not businesses.
 Silicon Valley, where the boom was, is 80 kilometers away.  Los
Angeles? Point taken.  San Diego is one of the centers of the universe
for biomedical technology and some other less flashy areas of
technology that most people don't pay attention to.
We've taken to stereotyping in the complete absence of evidence, eh?
I can't stand Texas.
The reality is in violent disagreement with your imagination.  I am in
the process of moving (thankfully) to a place that is more liberal
than Silicon Valley because it suits me -- Seattle. Most of the upside
of San Francisco, but considerably less of a cesspool.
Kansas is a Midwest state.  These are not western states, completely
different culture.  And having lived on the Kansas/Nebraska border, I
would not wish living there on anyone.

@_date: 2009-11-25 09:51:41
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Yeah, this will never be solved.  The only remotely viable way to fix
it is to explicitly turn it into some type of structured welfare
instead of an entitlement (i.e. need-based), but it will be virtually
impossible to make that fly.  All the while, the hole gets deeper...

@_date: 2009-11-25 10:15:44
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Yes, they are that powerful.  Who do you think created legislation and
lobbied for very long mandatory sentences for relatively minor crimes?
 Every election season, the prison unions spend many millions of
dollars pushing legislation and initiatives that will put more people
in prison longer.
Of course he does, but good luck with that. I want world peace and a
pony too... Everyone knows the California prison system is a wasteful
money sink, but no one has ever succeeded in reigning them in.
While that may be going to the opposite extreme, it is not a secret
that prison guards in California are grossly overpaid.  It is one of
the few ways you can go from high school to a very well-paid job
(assuming you have the connections) even in the cow towns where no one
makes much money.
What is your fascination with Nebraska and Kansas?  Those are dying
states in the Great Plains. Not very interesting.
Uh, no. These are for adjacent stretches of highway in the middle of
nowhere. Literally the same piece of road.
Picking on CalTrans is a bit unfair, because of how famously expensive
and poor they are. It makes the differences between states look
larger.  These are the guys that do such a bad job that places like
Santa Cruz sue the state to privatize public road construction
projects. I've worked with CalTrans on a project and while anecdotal,
seeing it from the inside showed it to be far more pathologically
mismanaged than most Californians give them credit for.
Sure California spends countless billions on infrastructure year after
year, everyone always wonders when they'll actually *deliver* it.
There is no accountability.

@_date: 2009-11-25 10:42:20
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
So the same as Russia? Size doesn't mean much. It certainly doesn't
imply "good".
Meh, who cares. If we were simply looking for density of graduate
degrees, engineers, and similar, other States would come out ahead
(like Washington).
Public transit is mediocre at best, even by US standards. You'll find
better transit systems in other cities.  California is largely
suburban, so it is not surprising that the public transit sucks.  As
for the roads, you may be the first person ever to praise California's
road system.
These have been a mixed bag in practice, though trying new things is
how you find out.
There is little to be proud of in nominal identity or affiliation,
that is monkey tribalism and the cause of many human ills.  Being less
incompetent or less evil than is not exactly a worthwhile achievement

@_date: 2009-11-25 14:08:17
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
And therein lies the problem. Lip service aside, most self-described
liberals in this very liberal area of California could be described
the same way if you judge them by their actions rather than their
words. They call themselves "liberals" because they like the sound of
it, not because they actually are.
We have a local population that is against gay marriage (and just
about every other socially liberal agenda item) when you put it on a
secret ballot, a local government that cuts special deals with favored
big corporate businesses, a city council that adamantly refuses to
allow any construction that is environmentally friendly because they
feel it adversely impacts the quaint feel of their community (and
their property values!). They might actually be anti-war in principle,
but they are nonetheless awash in military research money that they go
to no small lengths to obtain.  And there is not a conservative to be
found, just very progressive, left-wing liberal Democrats and Greens

@_date: 2009-11-25 22:53:35
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
On Wed, Nov 25, 2009 at 9:22 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
The semantic stuff is currently limited by theoretical computer
science, as in we lack algorithms required to make it scale beyond toy
datasets. Old, old issues. To date, this has been the real problem
with semantic technology -- it sucks if you want to do anything useful
with it.
On the upside, a lot of research dollars are being spent on semantic
web technology and significant progress is being made.  On the
downside, almost none of the theoretical computer science technology
that will make it possible is open source (or in many cases, even
published). As usual, life is a mixed bag.

@_date: 2009-11-26 08:48:16
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
On Thu, Nov 26, 2009 at 7:04 AM, Paul D. Fernhout
The funding sources are about a quarter private, a quarter academic,
and half military/defense. The US military is way ahead of the curve
on developing real-world applications for semantic web technology, so
they are feeling most of the pain from existing weaknesses. Much of
what they currently use (and funded) is open source.
The closed stuff isn't any better. The difficulty reflects the state
of the technology and the workarounds/hacks currently required to give
us what we have.
Generalized graph databases (semantic technologies are a type of graph
database) are an extremely powerful concept, but very limited in
implementation.  A single query on a database small enough to fit in
the memory of my laptop can take several minutes to run.
Doctorow is correct. Exhaustive use of metadata is a way to severely
restrict the scope of graph databases so that they scale better. Of
course, doing this makes them brittle and most of the value of
graph-like databases is that they can be schema-less. If you are going
to slap a fixed schema on them, you might as well use something else
that scales better...
A truly general semantic graph technology would change the way a lot
of things are done because you could analyze relationships that are
currently computationally intractable for all practical purposes. The
current set of algorithms central to graph-like databases neither
parallelize nor even scale well on single systems, putting most
real-world applications out of reach.

@_date: 2009-11-26 15:28:20
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Where the P2P jobs are... 
It also has the the world's most gorgeous supercomputer. ;-)
(Granted, the kinds of codes run on that system are neither open nor
P2P. Lots of things like geophysical modeling for the purposes of
petroleum exploration.)
The interesting open and alternative currencies are largely virtual.
Does it really make sense to put those in a place?

@_date: 2009-11-27 19:41:00
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Non-Corporate Fortune 500 
Most people are not aware that one of the largest US companies is
uniquely, literally, and legally P2P due to some quirks of its
history.  It may be one of the best examples of a high-functioning
massive-scale P2P quasi-commercial enterprise.  I was reminded of this
today and thought I would offer it up as an interesting real-world
example of how this can work at scale.
One of the largest and most successful financial services and banking
firms in the US is basically a true P2P organization.  It is neither a
corporation nor a non-profit, and it has no shareholders, the
top-level structure being a type of obscure P2P organization allowed
under an old Texas law. It is consistently rated as one of the
best-run financial services firms in the US. The very significant
diversified assets of the company are entirely owned by its customers.
A weird legal consequence of this is that the company's *customers*
had unlimited liability for most of its history, though a special
change to the law was created not that many years ago specifically to
limit their customer's liability.
The company?  USAA. It started out as a simple P2P auto insurance
organization in the 1920s when the existing insurance companies
refused to insure some people deemed to be "too risky" and so they
decided to insure each other. Almost a century later, it is still
legally a P2P organization but also one of the largest and most
successful financial companies in the US. It has restrictive
membership requirements, but since membership can pass to descendants
very few current members could actually qualify on their own.
(Disclosure: I am not qualified by myself but I do have a hereditary
membership to USAA and use them for pretty much every financial aspect
of my life.)
"One of the characteristics that allows USAA to operate differently
than almost every other Fortune 500 company is that it is not a
corporation. The parent company, United Services Automobile
Association is an inter-insurance exchange, the establishment of which
is provided for under the Texas Insurance Code.[23] This insurance
exchange is made up of current and former military officers and NCOs
who have taken out P&C policies with USAA; thus they simultaneously
are insured by each other and, as a group, own USAA's assets.
Theoretically, this implies that each member could be held completely
responsible for all the losses of all the other members."

@_date: 2009-11-28 09:30:07
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Non-Corporate Fortune 500 
Is it really "profit" if all of the excess revenue is redistributed
back to the customers?  Being a resource-positive (i.e. a successful
and well-functioning) P2P organization is a good thing, irrational
aversions to being resource-positive notwithstanding. A P2P
organization based on intentional capital impoverishment is basically
a pyramid scheme.

@_date: 2009-09-07 13:11:37
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What's different about this economic downturn? 
The US has several different major cultural regions that reflect
history and ethnic migration patterns. As Federal power grew during
the 20th century, you started to see the odd consequences of these
various groups wresting control of Federal policy from each other. To
an outsider, it probably looks schizophrenic. Some of these regions
are in ascendency, such as the South, other regions are in steep
decline, such as the upper Midwest (which probably has the closest
thing to a Euro-style socialist culture in the US except that it is
almost as religious as the deep South).  Political power is moving
west and south, and most of the political novelty will come from the
inclusion of western US cultures in policy; policy has traditionally
been decided east of the Rocky Mountains.
The most novel change is the rapid ascendency of the Mountain West
culture, which is demographically the youngest, least religious, and
second most urbanized region of the US. While being famously very
socially libertarian, it is also distrustful of centralized authority
for historical reasons. This is not something you can say about
regional cultures in the eastern US, so it will make things
Rather than true fragmentation, you may instead see the return to a
more decentralized model, particularly with the increasing political
power of the western US since they have that bias. The Federal policy
during the 20th century of bludgeoning or bribing to enforce policies
across such a diverse set of regions and cultures seems increasingly

@_date: 2009-09-16 11:15:17
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Environmental issues around solar energy plants 
A point worth making is that coal and natural gas plants have similar
water-cooling requirements, and evaporative cooling is required
because many of the water sources used are parts of ecosystems that
will be sensitive to temperature change.  The closed-loop geothermal
they tend to use in the southwest generally does not have this
The southwestern deserts of the US are unique from an alternative
energy perspective.  Not only do they have very good solar potential,
they also sit on top of an unusual geological feature that makes them
the metaphorical Saudi Arabia of geothermal.  The prime geothermal
potential coincides pretty closely with prime solar potential, so in
principle you could make much of that land pull double duty,
generating geothermal base load and solar peak load.
Geothermal development in that region was largely killed by fiat
during the 1990s, a bone Clinton threw to the environmental lobby that
thought a geothermal power plant despoiled the desert in some way.
These objections would apply ten-fold to solar power facilities, which
have a much larger footprint than geothermal. Consequently, new power
plant development in the region has been largely coal and natural gas
since those do not require use of Federal land.
Not much seems to have changed. While the coal and gas industries have
obviously benefited from this, it would make the environmental lobby
their "useful idiots".
Most people have a very Disneyland view of the southwestern deserts of
the US.  First, it is a region about the size of western Europe,
almost completely uninhabited outside of a few urban centers, and
unvisited outside of a few famous National Parks. Second, and perhaps
more importantly, many regions of those deserts are active volcanic
badlands with very little flora and fauna; the only biologically
interesting features in much of that landscape are extremophiles that
live in the myriad hydrothermal systems (though no one seems to care
about those).  The pretty, living parts of the desert are sandstone
and granite zones, no one visits or takes pictures of the basalt
Many of the useful geothermal fields are located in the middle of
undifferentiated and ugly lava flows. These are not majestic
landscapes like you see in parts of Arizona and Utah but large basalt
valleys where there has not been enough moisture in thousands of years
to turn basalt into soil.
Opponents of solar and geothermal development use pictures from
National Parks as the reason to stop development, a disingenuous
tactic. If people saw what many of the areas under consideration
actually look like, it would be hard to drum up resistance to
developing those energy resources and the inventory of land like this
is vast such that it is very hard to pretend that a particular area is
precious or unique in any meaningful sense.
How much other land will be destroyed as a consequence of "saving"
basalt scrub flats?
