
@_date: 2010-04-25 10:46:16
@_author: Richard Schulte 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Would like to start a dialouge with you and seek 
I will definitely be reporting back here, as things develop.  We are still
at a planning stage and are forming alliances, helping to build a common
understanding and bolster eachothers knowledge of the various topics
associated w/ forming cooperative economies through collective, grassroots
action.  Folks are very excited as, despite there being a lot of awesome
stuff going on re Evergreen, City Land Bank, and other exciting
sustainability/local economy projects, many of these projects are somewhat
siloed and inaccessible to the greater community.
This is why we are setting out under the principle of 'make a job' instead
of 'take a job', as folks are quickly realizing that economic transition,
relocaliation and re-prioritization will vastly rely on the momentum of our
own volition, and by networking our efforts we only stand to benefit and
prosper.  Our intent is to start small, with low-startup cost home-based
businesses, facilitating the formation of housing cooperatives, purchasing
cooperatives and other simple ventures.  Eventually, we hope to scale up
into more capital intensive ventures involving more complex equipment,
storefronts, or land as we are able to create pathways of investment, on our
terms, for legitimate local financiers and microlenders.  There is
definitely some strong interest in micro-manufacturing, as well as folks
with varied experience to back it up (milling, CNC, lathework, tool and die,
sheet metal, etc.), and possible alliances w/ union locals who are
interested in finding innovative ways to help to finance getting their
workers off the bench.
As we will be facilitating the growth of both physical and digital commons
over the course of this project, we will be aggregating information,
findings, and possibly discussions and decisions as they are made, and will
be making them available.  We are also in talks with folks throughout the
region about helping to facilitate the same types of projects elsewhere.
Report backs soon from the 'front lines',

@_date: 2010-06-03 12:20:08
@_author: Richard Schulte 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Seizure of BP assets = Public Domain Renewable 
As folks accross the country call for the seizure of BP's assetts in order
to recoup the long term cost of the accident (
there are some wonderful implications given the multitudies of IP of which
BP is the owner.
Why not propose a long term program in which, following the seizure, BP's
patented renewable energy technologies and other sustainability related
technologies could be licensed under the public domain, and could be
leveraged as micro-entrepreneurship assets funded by the recovered financial
assets of BP?  This could provide some strong employment alternatives to
devastated coastal communities, who may find that vital tourism, fishing,
and other related industries will take years or even decades to recover.
This could really be a great opportunity to heavily seed the renewable
energy tech design commons as well, and bring it to scale quite quickly.
What do you all think?

@_date: 2010-05-06 11:23:20
@_author: Richard Schulte 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urget request for Ning 
Ning luckily has been supporting Open Social APIs.  Here is what data that
will be able to be extracted:
Drupal Gardens is not intended as a social networking platform, and neither
is Wordpress, IMHO.  The best option would be to build a Ning to Elgg port,
or something of the like.
This company is already doing it professionally
  Doing it manually, then, would
probably not be incredibly difficult, depending on the complexity of the
Ning network.
Now would be a great time to host a mashup of Elgg and other applications
that included a Ning Import module on signup, and offered complete data
ownership.  There would be very high demand.  Because the data portability
is somewhat limited, the amount of data that could be imported may not be
incredibly extensive, though services could be offered for more complex
operations and for importing data from extra plugins and features, theme
porting, etc.  It would be nice, however, to have a simple, free solution
for simple ning instances.
It says on that announcement that content export tools will be
