
@_date: 2009-04-02 16:34:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] NYTimes: GE and Intel partner on Improved Healthcare 
Another major announcement in p2p h/c related space...
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-06 19:29:02
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] SocialReporter: 45 provocative propositions about 
I find the list pretty comprehensive and interesting.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-07 08:13:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p and individuality 
James Poulos's article here got me thinking...
That's not least of which because I was lucky to have a course with J.G.A.
Pocock and read his *Machiavellian Moment* closely at least twice in my
life, once while in his seminar.  I recommend it for those looking to find
out something about the rise of American styled republics and their
More to the point, I wonder, along with James Poulos to some extent, if p2p
is inherently anti-institutional.  I know that it is decentralized and
anti-hierarchical--or wirearchical as Jon Husband says, but can
decentralized *and* institutional stand side by side?  And what, if so,
would that look like?  Can we pre-describe the social landscape of a mature
p2p society?
Increasingly I find that institutions are unsustainable because they are
either plundered by leaders or captured as agents by principals with no
principles.  It's hard to put together a dynasty of moral leadership.  One
sees this as much in corporations as in governments.  Perhaps it will come
to pass in NGOs and civil society organizations as well.  If this difficulty
of normative sustainability is pervasive and increasing, and p2p is the main
flavor of the future, then we must envision some form of
chaotic-to-self-ordering linkage that can easily replace the role larger
organizations play.  Will we be able to see such order in real time, and
couldn't we then manipulate it?  I wonder how we defend against successive
regimes of rapidly developing tyrannies of the quick and aggressive.  You've
got to really trust that something inherent to p2p is protective.  I'm not
sure I see what that is.
All this evolution away from the institutional norms of old wouldn't happen
at once, either.  It would unfold.  It might be characterized by severely
punctuated equilibriums where the punctuations are quite violent.  Is the
current financial crisis one such punctuation?  If it is, we should
be looking for what sorts of trends replace shattering institutions of old.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-07 10:00:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
Prospect Magazine out of the UK has an interesting current article
discussing the financial system demise and its implications.  The article is
by *Geoff Mulgan.*
I've long wondered how organizations can develop and maintain the
sustainable cashflows necessary to support a LT debt-based economy.  It
seems a lot of people are starting to think this way or to give voice to
doubts long held.  I understand creative destruction and all that, but
velocity is such that creative destruction happens now in months not
decades.  Can the system support the investment and capital necessary to
cycle at such accelerated rates?  Globalization feeds the acceleration
because it isn't a company down the street alone one faces but one in
Shanghai, one in Singapore, one in Ankara, and two in Finland as well as one
in Eugene, Oregon and one in Pittsburgh.
State-sponsored capitalism a la China (or even Finland) seems to be the
emerging model for coping.  Isn't that what Geithner is running?  State
sponsored capitalism in the financial sector?  Ironically, it is the alleged
socialist countries in Europe that seem to be willing to let manufacturing
institutions die--like the auto industry.
I remember hearing Carly Fiorina give a talk once in Chicago where she
emphasized HP's incredible rate of product development cycling.  Is that the
whole world now?  If so, do we just accept the backblast of lots of failures
or is some sort of global regulation of velocity inevitable?  Who would opt
out voluntarily?  That would be national suicide...and yet unbridled
acceleration seems to be collective suicide, or as a short stop, state
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-07 10:06:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] DVICE: Remote controlled precision surgery...now 
Here's the ultimate in p2p medicine.  Get your surgery done remotely!
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-07 12:40:26
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Harvard Link to USA Today Article on Alternative 
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-07 16:36:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
Hi Athina:
I'm personally not so worried about fascism right now because I think it is
difficult to get media control.  Fascism requires a sort of collective mind
that the Internet seems to work against.
I do worry about agency capture of governments by groups of oligarchs--Wall
Street, groups of of moguls in Russia, etc.  But agency capture is difficult
because we have many traditions of implementing reform processes when things
go really bad.
The state-sponsored capitalism I envision taking hold is a coordinated
localism run amok.  Think of local development agencies "partnering" with
local firms and local governments to get a region to be "more competitive."
Now expand that model and mix in some petty graft and a bit of supportive
media spin from regional media powers--local TV, for instance.  Then you get
these sorts of micro-state corporations--like a medieval city state or
What do you think?
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-08 09:56:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
You make a number of interesting points, Andy.  Very provocative.
It seems to me that three issues drive the future of the world, some of
which you address a lot, and some less so.
1. The diffusion of p2p technologies unfettered by institutionalized
2. The costs and feasibility of large-scale transportation-based living in
developed and developing worlds.
3. The future of debt.
Under point 1 I would put the future of religious faith (which will
naturally decline as people interact and gain access to information).  I'd
also put the question of institutionalization through education systems,
which will also decline accordingly.
Under point 2 I'd put most aspects of climate change.  How suburban the
world becomes will depend on the feasibility of the private auto or
similar.  Moving freight globally also requires large air and sea fleets
that cannot maintain speed without significant carbon expenditure (for the
foreseeable future).  Power consumption will be driven by transportation
related economies and work one place, live another arrangements.
Under point 3, I'd put the prospect of long-term business institutions of
large scale.
Architects have long said look at the skyline to determine a time's values.
Churches once ruled.  Then the institutions of the state grabbed the sky.
Then those of the service economy--eventually mostly banks and lawyers who
task banks--took over.  Now I see a future where the skyline will be filled
with green apartments linked to mass transit nodes.  I suppose that suggests
a future with fewer institutions--at least in the brick and mortar
sense--and more small-scale p2p type functions.
I agree with Andy's point that skill wins, but I see little evidence that
Asia isn't advancing skills at a rate quite a bit faster than anyone else.
My own experience with Chinese technologists suggest they are leaping
generations every few years.  Singapore is relentless--yes there are
sweatshops, but the real growth is in technology--electronics, pharma,
materials, even R&D.  I look at the US and see it surrounded by Canada,
Mexico, Cuba, the Caribbean, and South America.  China is surrounding by
Japan, Taiwan, Korea, Singapore, India, Indonesia, Vietnam, Russia... Sounds
like a better neighborhood for innovation to me.  Europe also has a good
I differ with Andy in seeing long-term stability to the current scenarios of
nation strategy he underscores.  I think these modes are sickly and weak.
I'd say the same thing about the world Saskia Sassen has described (and
keeps describing...)  She strikes me as sort of an academic Faith
Popcorn...one good idea played out over and over ad nauseum.  Yes, cities
are linked and, to a degree, autonomous, but so what?  And where does that
lead?  And what does it mean?  And why did it happen?  The Marxian
geographers had a big idea of core/periphery, but that doesn't seem to hold
much either.  Everyone I talk to thinks the future is as much Africa as
Asia.  It all feels too macro and too falsifiable.
I'd argue that skills and R&D transfer are moving rapidly, IMO, from
institutions to p2p.  Points 2 & 3 above also facilitate this
transformation.  So the question I keep asking myself is, what forms of
governance derive from rapid evolution toward high p2p reliance?  What
happens as BitTorrent destroys Blockbuster and the college library?  What is
a university if classes become less important?  What is a company when, like
Apple, the iPhone is designed and constructed across a range of global
partners and designers?  Who governs those things and by what rules?
I may be wrong but I think capitalism just died to a large extent in this
bank bailout.  The question now is how can people mobilize assets
through p2p to deal with large scale actions (or small scale ones...)
Picking up the pieces of capitalism is a Gone With the Wind sort of exercise
in my view.  Figuring out what's next is what interests me.  What's next
certainly isn't some warmed over socialism from the 1930s any more than it
is the world as Scandanavia.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-08 12:25:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
I struggle with large scale false consciousness arguments.  If false
consciousness isn't shattered by the Internet, what force could ever be
pervasive and decentralized enough to overwhelm whatever it is that seems to
blind us?  We always find a new Enlightened One.  I for one doubt that
enlightenment isn't entirely subjective.
The green capitalism thesis is compelling, but again I cannot myself
envision its models, predecessors or logical development from the status
Peer to peer models of interaction seem more legitimate and decentralized
than anything prior.  Ideas like enhancing the Commons yet not having
everything be the Commons, building things openly, governing things
collaboratively, seem to be the most compelling aspects of futurism we now
I again and again have hoped for some enlightened technocratic solutions,
but the new boss is always the same as the old boss.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-08 13:22:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: E-democracy, 
Hi Michel:
Just found time to read through the strategy piece you sent below.  I'm not
sure why I am so glad I spent time with it, but I do believe it taught me
many things about strategic processes and certainly increased my semantic
net on the topic.  It feels like a part of a larger book about strategic
planning or a seminar, etc.  In other words, it feels like a fragment.  But
it is a very well done and interesting fragment...more than a blog
piece...less than a "paper" but I'd say better and more pragmatic and
studded with usefulness than most "papers."

@_date: 2009-04-08 14:14:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: E-democracy, 
Hi Michel:
Just found time to read through the strategy piece you sent below.  I'm not
sure why I am so glad I spent time with it, but I do believe it taught me
many things about strategic processes and certainly increased my semantic
net on the topic.  It feels like a part of a larger book about strategic
planning or a seminar, etc.  In other words, it feels like a fragment.  But
it is a very well done and interesting fragment...more than a blog
piece...less than a "paper" but I'd say better and more pragmatic and
studded with usefulness than most "papers."

@_date: 2009-04-08 15:03:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Kevin Kelly: Intelligence, possibility and evolution 
An extremely beautiful little essay at the Technium
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-08 15:17:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Text Messages -- A trillion messages annually or 3.5 
The growth of the cell:
One wonders how many messages pass through Twitter a day now.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-10 08:48:24
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: UK Research Funding with Non Academics ? 
I find this sort of theme very encouraging.  I applaud The Arts and
Humanities Research Council and those in the academy who push for greater
impact outside the university and for public engagement in general.  It is
very hard to do.  I fear that in many locations the walls between the arts
and social sciences in universities and "society" are greater than ever,
particularly in North America. One would hope this need not be positioned as
an obligation or requirement for promotions, etc.  I think the tone set
below by AHRC is almost ideal.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-12 16:07:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
I agree with Michel that rhetorical hyperbole threatens to fog real threats
when (or if) they do arise.
Having just experienced the post 9-11 Bush Administration, and knowing
government rather well, I must say our organizations of state are more
feckless than I've ever seen.  Information makes a police state unthinkable.
I see no hegemonic "projects" existing or feasible.  We are rapidly headed
in the other direction.  Randomness, crowdsourcing and chaotic events of all
sorts are far more to the fore in the worlds I inhabit.
AI could pose a threat as some in the transhumanist discussions point out,
but that is a long way off.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-12 21:26:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 3 Quarks: Inequality the root of all evil? 
A link to a Guardian review of a new social theory book:
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-13 19:23:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
Hi Andy:
I do not assume bad faith either.  At some risk to myself, I would say the
following about governments:  Nearly all those who don't participate in them
at a relatively high level far overestimate their capacity to function.
This is true of the US, China,  Russia, etc.  All those governments hang on
for dear life every day.
Without an extremely complicit population, any sort of totalitarianism is
impossible.  Governments just are not that clever, and their efforts at
power must be very heavy-handed and almost absurd.  Even corporations are
usually dependent on a relatively few highly competent individuals.  Those
people are stunningly rare.  You really need a population that continuously
buys into Chinese statist communism or Taliban autocracy --or whatever.
It is a Hollywood fantasy that governments can be effective and efficient.
I think the same big corporations, banks or law firms.  Instead, t's a
continuous battle against chaos with a very few plundering and exploiting
the weaknesses for their own advantages.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-14 18:24:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Prospect Magazine: After Capitalism 
I suppose I need some sort of systematic comparison of authoritarian and
neo-authoritarian or totalitarian versus neo-totalitarian.
I wonder if the choice of linkage is blinding.
I would just add, as an aside, that I am reading Dan Ariely's Predictably
Irrational and can highly recommend it through Chapter 3.  The idea of
anchoring of price views I've long known but his explanation is crystal
clear.   People who find supply and demand outrageous would like
Ariely...who has himself an extremely compelling personal story related to
extremely bad burns suffered as an Israeli soldier in a training accident.
He began his journey into behaviorial economics based on analyzing his own
pain and who paid for it when he endured treatments.
It is one of those books that is simple, almost simplistic, but extremely
enlightening.  I will try to write a coherent review for Michel at some
point, but it is a slow read despite the easy text--so much to think about!
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-15 08:25:07
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Jon Mott's Open (institutional) Learning Network 
I found this articulated some of my own thoughts ver well and extended them
usefully for me...
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-16 07:40:24
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Fwd: Follow up 
This may seem a bit governmental, but I'd argue the key to your system is
the policy objective a given currency wishes to optimize--set through some
collaborative governance mechanism or by a representative group (e.g. a
chamber of commerce or a community foundation).
Use arbitrage between currencies allow different "pots" of money to
reallocate.  In a prison, cigarettes might be used to buy services, and cans
of mackeral used to buy goods, but you can have a market between mack and
In other words, think of a rainbow of color currencies.  Orange is for this,
blue is for that.  If you want blue to optimize efficient production of
non-carbon energy, price it in energy units accordingly.  Let market
mechanisms reallocate with possible REGULATORY governance actions that can
intervene to change supply/demand in arbitrage options.
There is a tendency for people to dislike markets because of some of their
failings.  That's throwing the baby out with the bathwater.  The key to a
polyarchic currency system, I believe, is to allow rapid creation of policy
objectives (new colors) combined with rapid introduction of market-based
arbitrage between colors.  Use limited numbers of price-settings in auctions
to reduce speculative games.  In other words, the rate set between orange
and blue may only be set twice a day, etc.
Who sets?  The high bidder, up to some limit...then the next highest bidder,
and so forth.
The key is allowance of persistent coupon systems matching policy aims (like
a bond market really, but more liquid and fungible).  In current worlds,
that aim (the policy objective of a currency) is the growth of a given
currency economy or allowance of government actions that can use currency
devaluation to achieve some governmental policy objective (e.g. short term
consumption against long-term pain.)
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-16 07:59:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: online coverage of thai political crisis 
Isn't Thailand more of an oligarchy in that relatively few families have the
prospect of achieving high office?  I may be wrong, but I was always of the
understanding that it was a system closed to large scale participation.
People essentially can vote in the all-star game ballot, but they may not
choose who goes on that ballot nor nominate themselves.
Is that unfair?  If this was already covered in the conversation, pls
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-17 17:37:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
I applaud this initiative and bravo to those offering the funding.  On the
other hand, lists of  "researchers" meaning people at academic institutions
who write papers for journals seems a failed model that is less in need of
reinforcement than rejection.
Research in an academic sense is not p2p, hasn't been, and never will be.  I
would not exclude it, I just would feed it by giving it additional free
assets of prestige and focus without their earning those resources in open
(truly open) communities.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-17 22:01:35
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
I'm not suggesting governance mechanisms and I make no claim of
ownership--it is a community that functions openly, within reason, and that
is enough for me.  My point is that academia comes with a very stiff
price--namely that it often doesn't play well with other children.  It is a
very closed system that I have participated in, value and mostly esteem.
It just isn't p2p and I worry that the bridge opens cans of worms in trying
to reach possible dialogues when institutions come into play...I've seen it
again and again and I offer a note of caution.
It is simply very hard for the current academic world to be something other
than what it is--and in my opinion, the academy is a worldview that is
relatively consistent and problematic.  Partnerships with governments,
businesses, NGOs, etc. not done on academia's terms typically develop
poorly, in my general experiences.  People in academic lives have very
specific agendas and those rarely mesh with action research.  Times may well
be changing for all I know or perhaps my own perspective is severely flawed.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-18 08:26:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
Hi Michel,
Thanks.  A constitution isn't a bad idea, but rather than one drafter, I'll
look for a starting point that is more collaborative and perhaps an open
section of the wiki could be used to gather broad inpur.  I'd be happy to
shepherd and encourage that process.
Perhaps others with interests in open and collaborative governance could
take significant roles in editing.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-18 14:23:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
Thanks, Athina.  I will do what you say.
 I should note, in the interest of open disclosure, that I have been an
employee of Harvard, Northwestern and Virginia Tech universities.  It would
be disingenuous for me to ride too a horse about  higher ed.
There is a new effort going on now concerning a charter for best practices
in community engagement that may serve as a suitable base; I will post a
link in the next couple of days since I am not as good as Michel at building
stockpiles on de.licio.us.
Anyone else who wishes to offer a collaborative foundation, method, or tools
besides a wiki should gather their thoughts and speak out as time goes
I continue to applaud and welcome the general concept and can imagine the
risks and frustrations associated with moving forward.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-18 14:44:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Resilience and scale invariance 
Interesting goal for sustainable ops...scale invariance...p2p should tend to
optimize for this.
Marc, in your flows concept, does scale matter?  I'm reading Hy Minsky now
on John Maynard Keynes, and he spends a lot of time discussing scale in
various ways.
Also, Dan Ariely, in *Predictably Irrrational *discusses the fact that theft
is a greater issue in tokens than in cash systmes (2nd to last chapter).
Haven't seen that line developed re: alternative currencies / open money.
He seems to suggest tokens aren't perceived as "real" and therefore are less
likely to trigger moral barriers.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-18 16:49:44
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
I'll take a shot at compiling  something coherent from the wiki parts that
appear relevant.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-18 16:51:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: Snowdrift Game vs 
Hi Marc,
Interesting game show link on the prisoner's dilemma.  What  would a similar
case be showing a snowdrift game?
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-18 21:17:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
It seems to me that there are at least two ways institutions can be judged
successful:  First, they can be viewed as survivors in an ecology.  To
succeed, they need only continue.  The second way to success is in serving
some purpose well.
Monolithic knowledge has few supporters these days.  So if one opts for the
second and more human purpose, there needs to be a mission beyond
"veritas".  Teaching does not seem to be the mission of most institutions;
it is a byproduct.  Few who study teaching find universities to be
particularly good at it, and teaching is rarely studied as a pursuit in
universities outside of the discipline of education.  Boosting people into
competencies is a plausible mission, but even there, universities are hardly
efficient or effective.
I think universities had two symbiotic purposes--one to imbue students with
associative identity and institutional prestige--with a byproduct of some
learning, and the second, more elemental mission was to earn that prestige
through "scholarship."
So the real question of the worth or failure of universities comes back, it
seems to me, to the meaning of scholarship.  P2P modes exist
(spontaneously?) for efficiencies of minimalizing institutional
burdens--bureaucracy, identity, prestige, norms, hierachies, etc.
My condemnation of universities is in finding their definitions of
scholarship to be (too often) solipsistic, removed from relevance and, more
generally, exclusive.  They failed by hiding their product from
transparency.  Instead, they chose to form guilds and to perfect trade
secrets, normative rituals, and to act more like secret societies than
service entities.
Regardless, knowledge is useful and universities contribute almost in spite
of themselves.  Learned individuals do the right things--perhaps as Athina
is doing--just because they embody the very desires for meaning, value and
efficiency that are at the heart of the p2p ethos.  In a sense, p2p success
at universities requires fighting the conventional institutional overhead
When the two blend, the academy washes out the authenticity of p2p through
institutional machinery that simply can't be abandoned by most.  People need
the church acoutrements that Marc suggests exist.  p2p is thus potentially
lost in the very mechanics it innocently undermines.  Like water against a
shore, it will bounce back and meld in because its dissolving power is very
microscopic--at the level of the person...it is not aggregated to the
perspective of people who view the world from institutional eyes...as land
and sea.  But sometimes there are storms and rapid shifts, to extend a
metaphor way too far!
Ryan Lanham
On Sat, Apr 18, 2009 at 5:38 PM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-04-19 13:49:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Shame this isn't a university initiative... 
Scitable...seems decent.  Too bad it is controlled by Nature.
Foundations, universities, NGOs have an obligation to not be self-serving.
Businesses don't share that obligation.
Good idea...wrong sort of entity doing it.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-19 21:00:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
Hi Andreas,
Here's a question...a sincere one, not a rhetorical one: Is there any
institution that has, in history, internally reformed satisfactorily by
adopting a business model when no such model existed from the outset?  I
think of New Public Management in government/public affairs as a minimally
successful (and still highly controversial) model.  I'm sure there are
numerous others.
Universities, like governments, are not businesses.  Businesses exist to
optimize their own survival and to control percentages of ecological
carrying capacities that enrich managers and shareholders.  Governments
exist to achieve stable advancement and protection of normative social
values.  Universities exist to....???
One can add many predicates.  What is disturbing is that one cannot think of
a defining predicate...particularly one that doesn't entail prestige and
identity enhancement...thinks seemingly at odds with sharing usable assets
I contend p2p exists to simplify and optimize distribution of resources...it
replaces capitalism, institutions, socialism and several other approaches
that aimed to deal with distribution of resources.  p2p is a form of
economics that makes the money component of value subordinate to efficient
distribution with, through, or in spite of money.  Its ethos is sharing
usable assets without creating persons or entities unwilling to share usable
assets. It does this by minimizing overheads associated with the delivery of
Universities were p2p 1.0.  Time to envision 2.0.  No need for the
institutional components.
Ryan Lanham
On Sun, Apr 19, 2009 at 5:27 PM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-04-20 08:57:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Problems with bounces 
To all P2P Users (Administrative info for the list):
About a month or two ago I volunteered to assist with the list
administration.  I am still learning this job, though it is straightforward.
However, some people have had problems with their items being rejected or
held for review.  The list defaults to review (I believe), but it can be
removed for frequent writers.  I particularly apologize to users who have
been around much longer than me on these lists.
I *cannot* remove the review default, so far as I can tell, without an item
in the queue.  If you are concerned, send a test message and I will remove
your requirement for review.  In other words, just send a note saying it is
a test for administrative removal of constraints.  We do recieve a great
deal of spam which the system naturally filters.
Kevin and I are getting to items needing review generally within a few hours
at worst case.
Also, you can set your own account to receive your own posts.  That assures
you got your item published and allows you to know when others see it.
Thank you for your patience, and if anyone has any advice or other
administrative needs from the list, please let us know.  My contact info is
below and Kevin is on frequently and does much if not most of the
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-20 13:31:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
Hi Andreas,
I think your answer was right on the money with regard to what I was getting
at...universities are unlikely to succeed by being more "business-like"
because that is not their mission.
Efficiency is a reasonable objective, but is it achieved by being more
business-like?  I doubt it...unless your mission is to do the things
businesses do--make profits, take market share, satisfy "customers."  A
student isn't a customer--just ask any teacher, and if education is a
product, so then is a degree.  Things earned are not sold to the earner.
This is far more than a game of semantics; it speaks to organizational
aptness for a given mission.
Universities drive themselves to extinction by becoming businesses.  They
are increasingly irrelevant that way with products and strategies that
corrode and disintegrate.  By being more p2p, they could slip away from
institutional rot, and become far more conceptual...and more powerful.
I do disagree whether p2p is going to wither away capitalism; I think it
might.  Here's why.  Capitalism requires a debt-based economy--that was
Keynes' insight really--the difference between how he saw the creation of
money versus the classical economists.  To achieve a debt economy, you need
investments in capital that can support future cash flows.  Now in the case
of p2p, I think such investments are far fewer and declining.  It is fairly
easy to fragment industrial production into the world Kevin describes in
some of his writings...
Most p2p firms--an intermediate animal in my view--exist by leveraging
investment in knowledge creation--what you say is a plausible mission of
universities.  Google, for instance, or Craig's List or Ebay...all p2p to
one extent or another.  Facilitating p2p is not a likely long-term facility
for garnering cash flows because efficiencies of knowledge arise.  That is
why Microsoft is starting to die...they didn't anticipate cloud computing
and more p2p models like the evolution of Linux.
Institutions were efficient by enabling norms (like how to write a
dissertation) or by exercising bureaucracies.  Neither of those is very
efficient in a p2p world.  So the same sort of institutional melt so many of
us (Michel and Kevin notably, but also panarchists, knowledge management
gurus and e-learning folks who dominate the blogosphere of knowledge work)
Universities have a choice.  They can become more p2p--and some are--or they
can die like the institutional dinosaurs they have become.
What would a p2p university look like?  It would have open degree validation
(like Wales) or some of the Open/Free Universities, it would implement
peer-reviewed degrees for research, it would commit to use and produce open
ideas that are not bound in paid journals or behind high-tuition walls.  It
would dissolve its barriers to entry and to scholarship--working instead to
facilitate fellows and associates more than tenured faculty.  It would cast
a cold eye on formalism in scholarship in general, and in identity-building
scholarship in particular.  Public access, service learning,
learner-centered models and use of social media would far outstrip
classrooms, halls, buildings and walls--both physical and mental.  It would
have research in distant lands and partnerships with facilities around the
world interlinked by electronic nets.  It would grant status and prestige to
a Clay Shirky, Harold Jarche or many similar net-based scholars as quickly
as it would to a nose-to-the-grindstone assistant professor who publishes
some trash in the Journal of Mumble Mumble and gets an editorship on the
equally esoteric (and closed) Journal of TweedleDee.  Harsh, but the reality
is, most of us have stopped listening...and being heard is the p2p
currency...as it is the currency of all thinking.
I believe even in science the tinkerers and DiY guys are coming on
strong--in bioinformatics, genetics, robotics, transhumanism.  Soon perhaps
they will be there in medicine and physics.  Long ago the best social
science moved out of the academy.
Ryan Lanham
On Mon, Apr 20, 2009 at 7:29 AM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-04-20 13:49:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
Samuel and Michel:
A slow death is still a death.  Why (further) enable something that isn't
working?  If it is working, where's the proof?  I don't want to toss the
baby with the bathwater, but all I see is the bathwater...or, it is like
tiny baby soup.
I appreciate it may seem iconoclastic in the extreme to talk about
dissolving large universities, but wasn't it so a short time ago for
institutions like Citigroup, Ford and United Airlines?  What have we gained
by prolonging the inevitable.  I am for the quick change...as Samuel and
Michel suggest for "portions" of the academy.  Lots of things are melting in
the heat of the current world, why would universities be so sacred as to be
exempt?  One must really love faux gothic buildings and feather crowned
crests to get too sentimental about it.  I know bankers who mourn the old
Wall Street.  Should we keep it up so that the Gentlemen's Clubs of London
and the steak houses of New York can keep their leather polished.  Either
one is or one isn't a progressive.  You can't teach students radical
transparency and service learning and then slink off to the privilege of
sabbaticals and top-heavy research grant factories.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-20 14:11:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Men build friendships in late forties...women 
This must have p2p implications...
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-20 14:25:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Was] P2P Theory and Action Agenda...now 
I was thinking about the following facility as a neat conceptual framework
for p2p collaborative governance structure formation.  It is not so much
constitutional as it is tool oriented...but there are lessons to be learned
from it:
It is being used to some good effect on this Ning to which I belong:
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-20 14:43:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Was] P2P Theory and Action Agenda...now 
As promised earlier, what I had in mind for a collaborative baseline (both
tool and content) was deployed by my friends working on Collaborative Public
I particularly like the simplified language input and the use of what to
expect and what to avoid...
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-20 19:48:14
@_author: rlanham1963@gmail.com 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New QuickTopic: P2P Collaboration 
I just started a discussion forum at QuickTopic for our topic
"P2P Collaboration". To join in (or just to read) use your web
browser to go to:
You don't have to register or sign in, and you can choose to
receive email for newly posted messages -- just click the
Subscribe button when you get there.

@_date: 2009-04-20 16:34:57
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Toward a p2p Collaborative Principles -- Section 1 
Core Peer-2-Peer Collaboration Principles or a Collaborative P2P
Summary of Intent
Section 1: Toward a Peer to Peer (p2p) Ethos
Article 1.       P2P Interactions
A.      High quality p2p interactions exist between peers.  These
interactions attempt to minimize the participation of any framework, force,
entity or organization that might become involved between two or
more parties seeking use, enjoyment, employment or collaboration concerning
something that can be shared between consenting parties.
B.      In high quality p2p interactions: The context, purpose or task which
informs interactions is designed to minimize potential external control of
the validity, legality or ethical spirit of the interaction so long as
participants are willing to engage.
C.      What to avoid: P2P specifically does not aim to circumvent
democratically enacted laws, rights to property, rightfully established
organizational controls, or legitimate claims of propriety in force of any
sort.  Rather, p2p seeks to build and expand common resources that are
expressly free, open, collaborative and mutually beneficial.
Article 2.       Recognition of the Commons
Please add any comments, changes, complaints, etc.

@_date: 2009-04-20 17:57:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: Toward a p2p 
Revision 1 of Draft 1 Section 1.
How about a sentence like the following as a 2nd sentence in
1(A):  Peers typically recognize each other without reference to rank or
hierarchies. Their willingness to interact is not linked to external
benefits or causes such as prestige, duty or obligation.  Instead, they
interact best with egalitarian spirit hoping to serve and be served by
contributions to the commons.
After 1(B) interactions: .... High quality p2p interactions benefit
participants and larger communities.  Quality degrades as participants lose
control and/or diminish larger communities.
Marc:  Thanks. Will look to revision concept.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-20 22:12:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Revision 2 of Sections 1 Draft Collaborative 
Section 1: Toward a Peer to Peer (p2p) Ethos
Article 1. P2P Interactions
 A. High quality p2p interactions exist between peers. Peers typically
recognize and interact with each other without reference to rank or
B. Peers' willingness to interact is not primarily linked to external
benefits or causes such as prestige, duty or obligation.
C. Peer interactions are judged qualitatively superior if linked to serving
(and be served by) contributions to a commons.
D. These interactions attempt to minimize mediating forces or organizations.
E. What to avoid: P2P specifically does not aim to circumvent democratically
enacted laws, rightfully established organizational controls, or legitimate
claims of property in force. Rather, p2p seeks to build and expand common
resources that are expressly free, open, collaborative and mutually
Article 2. Recognition of the Commons
A. Concepts such as Open Access, Open Source, Open Content, Creative
Commons, Science Commons and their supporting frameworks are consistent with
the core principles of p2p.
B. While not specifically non-commercial, p2p interactions recognize the
value and ideal of expanding shared and freely available resources
particularly related to knowledge and information.  Commercial gains are
more consistent with p2p when they benefit smaller and less capital
intensive organizations that are inclined themselves to participate in more
frequent p2p interactions.
C. Attribution and acknowledgment of contributions are consistent with p2p.
D. What to avoid: P2P interactions should avoid a permission culture.  That
is, private copyrights, trade secrets, intellectual property boundaries or
other boundaries between attributed contributions are actively discouraged.
Article 3: Economic Theories
A. P2P is not associated or disassociated with any particular economic
theory such as capitalism or socialism.
B. It is possible that p2p represents its own framework of economic theory
most closely aligned with what have been considered primitive barter and
exchange economies.
C. Implementations of alternative currencies, open money and modes of
exchange that do not necessitate governments, central banks or state-based
regulatory authorities represent core elements of a p2p ethos.
D. What to avoid: P2P is not a transaction-based mode of exchange.
Optimization of trades and exchanges for personal gain is not consistent
with a p2p ethos.
Article 4: Moral Foundations
A. P2P interactions are considered qualitatively superior if they advantage
large, open and sharing communities.
B. The ideas associated with sustainable production or sustainable operation
of production resources are at the root of a p2p ethos.
C. P2P transactions are not appropriate mediated by political, social,
gender, sex or religious biases.  Interactions occur openly without respect
to identities or group participation by peers in other aspects of their
D. Transparent execution of transactions in the full view of any party is
consistent with the best ideals of a p2p ethos.
E. Where resources are allocated or invested in those who might contribute
to a p2p framework, openness of selection processes, transparent decision
criteria and inclusive capacity to participate as a candidate for selection
are core principles.
F. P2P interactions are not biased against bots, transhumanist beings, AI,
other species or forms of intelligence that can act as peers if it is
reasonable to recognize such participants as peers in the context of an
G. What to avoid: Peers should avoid pre-judging counter parties based on
affiliations, ranks, or associations unless those associations specifically
address competence or capacity associated with the aspects of a particular
p2p interaction.
Article 5: Technology
Please comment, rearrange, critique, etc.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-21 13:42:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An updated version of the P2P Collaborative 
I have taken input from Alex Rollin and others and tried to take it into
account.  All changes, comments and criticisms are welcome and encouraged.
I will try to have a new version once per day at least noted to these lists.
Section 1...a draft ethos is sketched out.  Section 2 which addresses
recommendations for p2p facility governance is begun.
The document now resides on the p2p foundation wiki thanks to Michel.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-21 18:57:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Pirate Bay Conviction Analysis from NETTIME list... 
I reprint the list item below my name...
Ryan Lanham
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
re all,
As some  of you  might already  have heard, the  second appeal  to the
Pirate  Bay courtcase  ended up  with  the conviction  of four  people
behind the popular bittorrent tracker  and website, Alan Toner give us
two extensive accounts about the situation on his blog:
Further  below you'll  find the  statement that  the  Internet Society
Philippines  Chapter  released  about  the happenings.   What  I  find
particularly interesting  about the point  of view offered  by ISOC-PH
president Fatima Lasay is the deep awareness of political implications
in  this and  other similar  court cases  also quoted,  for  which the
Pirate Bay case covers a prominent role.
Seen from  an Asian perspective,  the criminalising campaigns  lead by
Western  business  interests  represent   a  worrying  threat  to  the
planetary opening  that "peer to peer" cultures  and practices provide
for developing countries.
Behind the surface of this court  case lies a tension that lasts since
several centuries  in history, as the historical  account of professor
Boron  Ben-Altar outlines  in  his book  "Trade Secrets:  Intellectual
Piracy  and  the  Origins  of American  Industrial  Power"  (obviously
intended as North American here).
Almost 2  years ago  I've done  my best exploring  the topic  from the
perspective of "border economies", as well outlining the complementary
dynamic of loss of privacy for Internet citizens.
Going  further in  connecting  dots,  let me  now  mention that  these
dynamics are evolving  into a worrying threat to  free speech and wide
access to media offered by contemporary participative technologies, as
outlined by the European campaign As  Alan  documents  in  his  reports  a  popular  uprise  is  raising
specifically on the PB case, still  as a symptom of the wider concerns
it  raises:  examples  are  the "  campaign  launched  by
Monochrom  activists  as  well the
dedication of  the First Internet  Pavilion at the Venice  Biennial to
The Pirate Bay cause noticed by Miltos Manetas on this list.
Obviously the  Pirate Bay  court case  is not just  a concern  for the
Swedish  jurisdiction: it  is configuring  as a  crucial node  for the
evolution  of knowledge  sharing policies  on a  planetary  scale, for
which  it  is  extremely  important  to take  into  account  an  Asian
perspective offered by the document that follows.
                          ------------
ISOC-Philippines statement on the jail sentence for The Pirate Bay
founders and the criminal charges against philosophy professor Horacio
By isoc-ph, on April 20, 2009, 2:05 am
The Internet  Society Philippines' (ISOC-PH)  Public Policy Principles
and activities are based upon  a fundamental belief that "The Internet
is for everyone."  ISOC-PH upholds and defends core  values that allow
people throughout the world to enjoy the benefits of the Internet.
Recent developments, however, demonstrate an alarming growth towards a
"license culture"  on the Internet, imposed by  the criminalization of
those  whose culture  and society  advance creativity,  innovation and
economic  opportunity   through  the  values   of  openness,  sharing,
education and collaboration.
Philosophy professor  Horacio Potel from Argentina  is facing criminal
charges for maintaining a  personal and educational website devoted to
Spanish translations of works by French philosopher Jacques Derrida.
A court  in Sweden has found the  four men behind "The  Pirate Bay", a
file-sharing  website,  guilty  of  breaking copyright  law  and  were
sentenced to a year in jail and ordered to pay $4.5m (?3m) in damages.
The Ability  to Share is one  of ISOC's core  values. The many-to-many
architecture of  the Internet  makes it a  powerful tool  for sharing,
education, and  collaboration. It has  enabled the global  open source
community to  develop and  enhance many of  the key components  of the
Internet, such as  the Domain Name System and  the World-Wide Web, and
has made the vision of  digital libraries a reality. To preserve these
benefits  we  will  oppose  technologies and  legislation  that  would
inhibit the freedom  to develop and use open  source software or limit
the  well-established  concept of  fair  use,  which  is essential  to
scholarship, education, and collaboration.
We will  also oppose  excessively restrictive governmental  or private
controls   on  computer   hardware  or   software,  telecommunications
infrastructure,  or Internet content.  Such controls  and restrictions
substantially diminish the social, political, and economic benefits of
the Internet.
The  wire-tapping,  searches  and  seizures, the  removal  of  website
content  and  the criminal  charges  against  professor  Potel of  the
University  of  Buenos Aires  is  an  onslaught  on human  rights  and
academic freedom in Argentina and on the Internet.
The police seizures of servers,  the enormous bill for damages and the
jail  sentence  on  Frederik   Neij,  Gottfrid  Svartholm  Warg,  Carl
Lundstrom and  Peter Sunde  is a defiance  of the social  and cultural
institution of file-sharing in Sweden and on the Internet.
ISOC-PH  founding member  and  lawyer Michael  Dizon writes,  "Putting
greater emphasis on  the development of social or  community norms and
how people can actively participate in the creation of these norms may
be more  advantageous in advancing creative culture  than resorting to
contractual agreements.  Ideally, laws (and the licenses  that seek to
enforce rights based on these laws) should embody and uphold the norms
and values of a community, and not the other way around."
As  founding  president  of  the  newly  rejuvenated  ISOC-Philippines
Chapter, I  would like  to dispute some  of the statements  being made
regarding  the Pirate  Bay  trials, in  particular,  by John  Kennedy,
Chairman and  CEO of the International Federation  of the Phonographic
Industry. Mr Kennedy says,
"This is good news for everyone, in Sweden and internationally, who is
making a living or a business  from creative activity and who needs to
know their rights will protected by law."
In  keeping with  the  ISOC-PH mandate,  I  find it  offensive to  the
diversity of cultures on the  Internet the claim that the global model
of copyright protection being imposed upon the developers and users of
the Internet is "good news for everyone."
I also find it hard to  accept the sincerity of Mr Kennedy's statement
about "making a living or  a business from creative activity." In fact
only a handful of media  corporations have effectively taken over what
used to be a very diverse field of creative activity.
Such a  process of consolidation  and privatization has  created gross
inequality between  artists and the big  media corporations: relations
between artists and recording  companies are replete with exploitative
contracts and  bitter legal struggles  for control; and  royalties and
other earnings from copyright constitute only a fraction of the income
of most active professional artists.
The Pirate Bay trials and the criminal charges against professor Potel
are a threat  to academic freedom and free  speech, and they undermine
the Internet  core value  of the  Ability to Share.  If we  envision a
future in which people in all  parts of the world can use the Internet
to improve  their quality  of life, then  freedom, and not  a "license
culture",  must  be  obtained  for  professor Potel,  the  Pirate  Bay
founders and the Internet communities of sharing.
ISOC-PH calls on all Internet citizens to demand freedom.
Fatima Lasay
Internet Society Philippines Chapter
Quezon City, Philippines
April 20, 2009

@_date: 2009-04-22 08:47:35
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Re-announcement of Wiki-based Project on 
To those interested in P2P Governance, System Design and/or Administration:
I want to re-announce the project on collaborative principles in p2p
governance and operations.
The project relates indirectly to the partnership Michel Bauwens announced
early this April in association with the University of Hull as coordinated
by Athina Karatzogianni.  I contended, somewhat cynically, that universities
do not know how to associate with p2p ventures, and their institutional
mechanics might do more harm than good in such a partnership.
Athina and Michel (and others) then suggested, as a precaution, that a draft
set of guiding principles be constructed to guide such ventures and others
that might entail interactions with p2p organizations.  Michel asked that I
try to coordinate this effort since I had been vocal about my concerns. [If
any of this mistates the ideas or intentions of principals, please correct
as needed]
To achieve this, I started with a draft ethos for p2p in general and am
moving on to draft interaction principles.  I intend to add a section on
best practices soon.  Any other near-term addition ideas would be most
My intent is to build a normative document rather than an administrative
charter.  That is, it is meant to guide thinking about running p2p efforts,
not to act as a policy sheet or corporate charter for one.  Drafting those
would be useful as well in boilerplate form, but that is not the current
I have made some personal and perhaps excessively bold assertions in the
document.  Please call me on them or change them outright if unsuitable.
The effort can always be found by going to the p2p Foundation web site,
entering the wiki and then searching for "core principles."
The current version is update here:
I strongly encourage (insist really) that this be a collaborative project
that de-emphasizes my own role.  I am however committed to coordinate the
effort to assure reasonable progress for now.
You can put comments on the p2p research list or mail them directly to me at
the contacts below.  You can also change the wiki directly if you have an
account to do so.
Thank you,
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-22 08:49:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: An updated version of 
Thanks, Alex and Michel!  Extremely helpful.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-22 08:51:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Request for Comment: Against Anonymous P2P 
I am inclined to include a point in the collaborative core principles, found
against the inclusion of anonymous peers in most circumstances.  How do
people feel about anonymity in p2p?
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-22 15:35:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
Engineers at Washington University in St. Louis, MO have turned a smart
phone into an ultrasound platform.  It is now possible to have relatively
sophisticated medical imaging virtually anywhere in the world.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-22 15:43:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Apple Financial Report: Earnings up...on more than 
The iPhone continues to expand sales dramatically according to Apple
financials just released.  Sales more than doubled of iPhones.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-22 19:04:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Buckminster Fuller Change Award Nomination 
Includes Berkshares local currency....
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-22 19:14:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
Med sites amongst the largest on the web, Marc.  People playing doctor all
day every day.  Supplements will one day surpass big pharma I predict.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-22 19:16:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
I'm not the only lunatic....
This from Kurzweil's group...
Universities will be 'irrelevant'
by 2020
Deseret News April 20, 2009
Universities will be irrelevant by
2020 in a world where students
listen to free online lectures on
iPods, course materials are shared
between universities, science labs
are virtual, and digital textbooks
are free, says Brigham Young
University professor of psychology
and instructional technology David
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-22 19:51:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
If you dis-intermediate a x-ray tech and still use a doctor, you are moving
toward p2p.
And I can imagine iPhones with the capacity to analyze self imaging...  Spot
your own breaks, cancers, tooth decay by using tech.  Why not?  Set your own
bone?  Maybe you stop by a robot room.
Who needs a nutritionist?  A personal trainer?  Only people who don't have
machines that allow them to share consistent processes and best practices.
Even sports...we don't need coaches as much as we need analyses of
bio-physics compared to large networks of performance measures given similar
styles, flaws, etc.  Is my elbow too bent?  My hand too high?  Compare me to
everyone who is also 6'2" who has a better swing than me...we all share data
and performance metrics...
Also, P2P has to start us rapidly on the path to bots as peers.  That's true
in physical/medical realms, soon, I'd guess.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-22 20:00:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ponoko's Blog: Democratization Ruins Design? 
Marc Newson: People don't know what they want...
In other words, we don't need no stinkin' p2p because we got pro's and
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-22 20:04:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wirearchy Points Out Pirate Bay Absurdity...Compared 
Jon Husband often sees things clearer than most...
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-22 20:55:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
It's inevitable.  Skills are rare and demand is increasing.  That's the
perfect set up for robotics.  Bots can easily do eye surgery now, or fly a
plane.  Lots of tools are in place for remote surgery.  No need for docs in
the room now for most radiological practices.
The new Volvos for 2010 stop themselves automatically if you are about to
collide with something.  It's a matter of time to get people use to allow
machine control.
What humans do well is deal with other humans.  Machines have always taken
away our skills, and will continue to do so.  I feel for the mathematicians
who think it is elegant or beautiful for them to design proofs.  That's as
delusional as the guys who thought they could carve wood or stone better
than a machine.
Bots will be peers in most p2p scenarios prior to 2020.  I'd bet on it.
That will include dentistry work, phlebotomy, administering chemotherapy,
etc.  Wolfram's new project will have bots answering complex questions...can
medical work be far behind?  70% of the earth doesn't have access to an
x-ray.  The issue isn't machines or capital, it's skills.
Do we really need people driving all over, flying all over, to do
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-22 21:06:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ponoko's Blog: Democratization Ruins Design? 
I suspect that it links to the discussion on the threat of networks...it's a
set of chic neo-ludditism by elites afraid they will be made redundant.
This time it isn't a guy with a saw or a wrench, it's a designer, an
architect, a doctor or accountant being threatened by machines and by p2p
networks that swarm data into self-improving algorithms.
One of the responses will be radical localism and agrarian luddite / hippy
revolt.  But as so many science fiction writers have suggested, I think the
real sway will be toward micro-tech innovations--garage shops of
super-computer driven biotechnology and engineering.  The future belongs to
the tinkerer.  It always has.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-22 21:15:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
Maybe the question we are all asking is, in the age of networks, high speed
chips, self-improving algorithms and p2p, what is decision science and what
is the capacity to make responsible decisions?
Truth is, I am very close to feeling more comfortable with a machine flying
me than a human who can have a few drinks, be mad at her husband, focused on
being horny, having a panic attack, etc.

@_date: 2009-04-22 21:22:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
Well, Michel, I think you know or know of George Siemens.  He and Stephen
Downes and others aren't saying things all that far from what this guy Wiley
is saying.  If you had asked me in 1990 whether GM could be on the verge of
bankruptcy and irrelevance, I'd have said you were delusional.  I'm sure the
horse shoe-ers on Main St. in Palo Alto in 1905 thought they had work for
Acceleration is real.  In labs now they are move terabytes a second through
wireless.  IBM has said Moore's law can go on for at least 2 more
decades....extrapolating (looking at what Microsoft is planning for in their
labs) you are talking about enormously fast machines with incredible data
absorbing capabilities...no use in building them if they can't be built at
prices people can afford.
Something's got to give?  Who needs a library?  Who needs a lecture hall?
Who needs a dorm? It might all become an exercise in "those were the days"
type sentimentalism for the past.  Are universities become Disneyland?

@_date: 2009-04-22 21:28:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
Just last week there as a story of a pilot fired for having sex in the
cockpit.  In this case it was a man as pilot. I believe the woman was a porn
star.  I doubt you'd have that worry with the autopilot (which was no doubt
flying while the pilot was engaged).

@_date: 2009-04-23 09:57:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Where is P2P in the Pirate Bay, 
Royalities were historically granted by kings of England to protect the
output of thinkers when printers could copy and set and text.  It was a
techno-morality issue associated with the wide distribution of the printing
press.  The same issue is very much in force today.  No one will pay if they
can get the lower cost or no cost version for free.
Amazon seems to have solved this particular issue in a way with the Kindle.
The device stores the right of access and they maintain an accounting of the
transaction.  You must use their free network to load and download.  If you
are not "legal" as in being in the Cayman Islands where copyrights are not
recognized, they will not send your device any new material even though they
have access rights through the cell network as licensed surplus bandwidth
(they call it "whispernet".)
Any p2p system could do the same--as a currency.  Your rights of access
could be earned and the network could be virtually private.  But the same
issues exist that are debated in the open currency frameworks.  Who has the
right to issue currency?  The solutions will be similar. If you don't use a
facilitator who does the accounting, you will need a normative culture of
Imagine making the Amazon Kindle system p2p.  The questions are, how do you
get free whispernet?  Who can place what materials on the grid?  Who can
receive what materials where?
In a currency framework, the questions are as follows:  How do I access a
network of currency recognizers?  What can be bought with or sold for the
currencies?  Are there any restrictions on how currencies can be used or
Free whispernet amounts to using excess bandwidth for purchased Internet
access.  Free riding is a minimal issue.  The same holds for currency
networks where the cost of discovering who accepts a currency is easily
tracked in an online database.  Who can place what materials on the grid or
for sale for a given currency is always going to be dictated by the policy
aims of the issuers.
In Pirate Bay, the policy aim was maximum access--fewest restrictions
regardless of other rules of law in force.  That is a form of uncivil
behavior in that it violates laws--no doubt about it.  Sactions exist just
like they do for people who soil a public park.
By tracking every currency transaction, as with the Kindle, a currency could
avoid having itself used for, say, certain vices--maybe not buying
cigarettes.  Because the accounting associated with moving the items would
be clear.  People can cheat accounting systems, which takes you into the
realm of auditors, etc.
The whole advantage of p2p is that it obviates the expectation that
enforcement and regulation mechanisms will add cost by instituting trust
into interactions.  The great question of p2p is the balance of trust versus
the collective savings of low regulation and enforcement.  Organizations
like Pirates Bay should be loathed by p2p people because they detract from
cultures of trust and commitment--something like what Andy suggests.
Anonymity (with money or with torrents) tends to empower vice.  If you want
to stop it, beef up accounting.  If you want to avoid expensive accounting,
create normative values of trust and responsibility (e.g. no free-riding to
excess).  All systems must make these policy choices from public parks to
communes to public corporations.  The difference arises in the expectations
of participants.  Some people race to conclusions about human nature, etc.
which are patently absurd.  Others argue for education to encourage norms.
Virtually all human problems from global warming to murder can be viewed as
a balance of rights and responsibilities.
What makes p2p different from capitalism or socialism is the explicit
emphasis on normative values of trust and responsibility.  What makes it
threatening to institutions is that institutions used to be the keepers of
those normative values--and then the educators.  But technology has now
moved that to the crowd.  Design of good p2p systems entails embedding
capacities for members to share their normative expectations--like
reputations in Ebay.  It might have worked the same way by the writers
banding together and talking to the printers in England in the 16th and 17th
centuries.  But at that juncture, people were inclined to state action and
enforcement because the costs of regulation and accounting were particularly
high.  They are less now given the grid.  The question is, how much do you
want to spend on regulation?  P2P answers that with a minimal expectation
given a culture of trust.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-23 14:09:07
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Was Re: P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone / 
and futurism are inconsistent with P2P systems, which are more focused on
deployment and solutions?
I find the distinction of p2p to be its moral tones.  Its pervasive
political economic view is trust and responsibility--much more than any
brand of socialism or libertarianism, for example, I am aware of.
It may be those ethical traits which remove it from evangelism and,
especially, futurism.  Futurism must be speculative, rhetorical and
visioning.  Perhaps the risks associated with those veins makes futurism
inconsistent with p2p's moral/ethical tone.

@_date: 2009-04-23 15:04:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
I believe the boundaries of the university are fracturing as are most
institutions confronted with p2p.  I agree with Andy that the more
structural an institution is, the harder and longer it is to get
transformation.  Universities are pretty darn medieval in many respects from
my experiences at 5 of them as student, employee and sometimes teacher.  And
those sorts of entities also lack a certain resiliance.  They cannot change
well when confronted with crisis.
If there is a persistent financial downturn, if the rates of e-learning
uptake continue, then the boundaries of universities as concepts will
continue to erode--perhaps sharply.  "Irrelevant" is a heat word.  It is
meant to spur just what we are doing--trying to gauge a spectrum of data to
come to some revised interim conclusions.
Trends are not saturation, but relevance does entail maintaining a certain
dominance.  Will universities be the dominant venue of higher education in
11 years is answered as yes, no or not a good question.  Wiley seems to say
no.  I must admit 11 years seems a bold guess--but I can't disagree with the
trend.  It would be easy to say it is not a good question.  I really wonder
more what will surplant their relevance however much is lost.  It is hard to
imagine their relevance will increase (at least for me.)
Budgets for the next few years in places like California and Florida are
going to be horrific.  Endowment losses at some of the big privates have
been considerable and cuts have been in the press.  I'm not sure
conventional education and degrees will hold their staying power as means to
acquire increased economic and social status.  The erosion will take time.
But as a new owner of a Kindle, I look at my bookcases as something loved
but as obsolete as a record turntable.  It is easy for me to love books and
to hope they continue, but frankly, I can't see the trend changing course,
so the discussion is about timing.  I feel the same about university
budgets, power, presence and relevance.  The trends suggest and continued
move down.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-23 16:09:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is Living Goods Third World P2P Medicine? 
See the Living Goods description in the attached job ad for a Development
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-23 20:52:24
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
I doubt my own expertise, categorically.  But lets spin the tables.  Under
what circumstances could we envision systematic collapse of universities on
a large scale?  And if we cannot imagine them not existing, what is it about
them that gives them such heroic sustainability?
In short, what model of higher education is sustainable?
I imagine a market model failure is the only thing that could endanger the
system.  That means the economics of earning university credentials must be
undermined and research budgets would need to have a sustained period of
If Hakim Bey's idea of universities as research monasteries was to ensue,
then the teaching side would need to fail financially.  What is certainly
true is that the cost of college has exceeded the inflation rate in growth
for a number of years.
That seems unsustainable, obviously.
My scenario would be that large numbers of the middle classes who entered
the academy in the 1950s and especially the 1960s might be priced out.  That
could happen during this financial downturn.  Student debt growth is
Under such scenarios, it would be hard to show increases in research funding
which has been also growing steadily in recent years (in the US).
Politically, universities would be perceived as elites and no amount of
athletic boosting would likely turn that tide.
State budgets in the US will be crushed for at least five years--possibly a
decade or even two.  That will pressure endowments as will market investment
losses and low bond rates.
If universities reach a point were they are not economic engines for
localities...based on trims along the edges, they will lose that element of
support as well.  That would be the last straw I'd think, because it is a
great deal to have a university concentrating cash in your town.
So, you might ask can universities cut costs, keep relevant research,
finesse state funding, fend off e-learning and open validation threats and
still deliver a product.  I sort of doubt it.  I'd guess it isn't
First faculties will grow top-heavy as the big grant earners hang on for
long careers and few replacement slots can be freed up.  Next, market
innovations will clip market share both in research and degree earnings.  No
amount of certificates and non-degree programs will offset this in my
opinion.  Life long learning doesn't fit the university model all that well.
Part of market innovations will be p2p education and research facilities.
It is already occurring albeit not at a 2020 threat rate.
Still, it is easier to envision higher ed collapse than healthcare collapse,
and no few people are predicting the latter.  The trends are similar and
often interrelated.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-23 21:10:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Was Re: P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone 
Hi Michel, Marc,
I'd see visioning as teleological.  Engineering requires
visioning...visioning is teleological.  At some juncture what we implement
is what we imagine as feasible and good--a purpose.  Yes, accidents and
black swans are major factors, but you've got to plan for some end---and
having a vision is necessarily ideological.
But planning isn't done well by spontaneous organizations...they react.  P2P
either is a worldview, or it is a description of certain social phenomena.
If it is a description, it is planning neutral.  If it is a worldview, its
vision is to reach normative states of high trust and sharing.  It doesn't
try to reach some defined end.
So, isn't p2p divergent from a planning culture?  Isn't it inconsistent with
progressive theories?  It might be a mode of interacting, but not a
philosophy that reaches for a purpose other than ideas surrounding its mode
of interaction.
Maybe you have to combine pragmatism with p2p, or some utopian model--like a
mutualist or socialist utopian model.  Does p2p stand by itself as a
worldview, or does it complement existing worldviews?
(All above is at least half-baked...maybe wholly so.)
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-23 21:18:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
Again, to work on something assumes it has value and enduring purpose. We
work to ends.  If yone doesn't maintain a model of social evolution embedded
in p2p, then it requires the addition of pragmatism or some other link to
enable a theory of purpose.
Thinking something is automatic may just be the strong expression of a hope
toward a purpose--p2p education MUST be advanced because something must fill
this emerging gap!
Scare resources need to be allocated.  Building p2p systems only makes sense
if they represent an end we are attempting to reach...utopian, pragmatic,
socialist, mutualist, or other.  Or p2p is an end in itself--which is my
tentative conclusion.  P2P is an political economic theory that is
teleological.  The purpose is an ideal of productive sharing and trust.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-24 07:48:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wikipedia page on Non-Market Economics 
The continuation of the 1930s technocracy lineage is responsible for pages
like this:
and this:
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-24 09:21:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
Historically, the University of Wales chose to do what, say, the University
of Texas system did not.  They validate centrally and educate on distributed
campuses.  Whereas at class at UT Austin doesn't necessarily count toward a
degree at UT El Paso and vice versa.  So, when they realized they had this
capability (and I have visited and met with them and they document it fairly
rigorously...see As a trainor, I am interested in getting as much validation for my work as
possible.  So I use facilities like the Institute of Leadership and
Management validations, trade association validations, and am looking at
using University of Wales validations.  I teach (or people train themselves
in communities of practice), and students get a bucket of credentials.
If I were a university, I'd hate me because I disaggregate their offerings
and cherry-pick p2p relations with individual faculty, departments, classes
etc.  This was how p2p started to erode business (e.g. Sun Microsystems).
Institutions require command and control of aggregated product sets.  P2P
melts that aggregation by allowing customization under the control of the
I saw IBM start to melt when they moved into open systems.  They have
actually handled the transformation far better than most.  But I remember
product meetings inside IBM where people said we were destroying the firm by
moving away from Blue-only frameworks.  The same will be heard in
universities.  But the moral imperative placed on faculty's shoulders is
that they must recognize they are part of a corporate scheme, or they most
open up.
The argument of inability to judge quality at other institutions only goes
so far in the instrumental education environment you portray.  Then they
will claim their programs have special linked components.  But does anyone
really believe that getting an MBA class in accounting at Dartmouth is
systematically different than getting one at Penn State?  No.  The intent is
to create elite associations.  Faculty, moral faculty, will only enable that
so far once e-learning pervades and the place a student lives is less
important.  For now, all sorts of institutional mechanics like alumni
relations block that ethical transformation.  Even now very few faculty
associate with their institution--they associate with their field.  The
seeds of collapse are there.
Ryan Lanham
On Fri, Apr 24, 2009 at 4:44 AM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-04-24 09:37:57
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Are e-books likely to disappear, 
Hi Marco,
A license to a property is a token--a currency if you will.  That token
should be portable amongst those who are interested in the currency.  The
ultimate portability of a currency token is a commodity (e.g. gold).
However, commodities get lost, damaged, burned, stolen, etc.  So they have
problems too.  Books are often stolen and the commodity corrodes rapidly
with use.  An e-book is a token that can be reloaded or
transferred...assuming the currency network is set up as a p2p open currency
framework.  Over time, given alternatives, Amazon would have to respond to
alternative token readers.  I see nothing preventing that.  If they resist,
open source alternatives will ensue.  They probably will anyway.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-24 09:56:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Was Re: P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone 
Michel Bauwens asks...
"would you consider the p2p-f a spontaneous organization? In my case, I have
a loose vision of what I want to see happen next, and certainly, I/we are
able to realize some of it, even though, most of it is, in the context of a
totally volunteer organization, out of my control, but nudging constantly in
a certain direction is not without effect, and a certain intuitive
understanding of the logic of social dynamics ('what is likely to happen
next'), can help"
I think that leadership that becomes ego-centric tends to lead to
institution-making.  I know that is not your intent.  P2P institution making
is (almost) a contradiction in terms.
You walk the fine line between facilitator-in-chief and personality of the
organization of p2p-f.  At some level of success and prominence, you will
need to decide between your role as institution facilitator and the free and
open p2p evolution of what you have created.  This is a grave challenge to
all successful open systems organizers.  I'd guess the right answers come in
dialogue with the people you've listed in the p2p Hall of Fame.  I have not
faced that moral bridge myself, and I cannot gauge where the p2p-f is in
relationship to any ego-versus-peer governance crisis.  I believe that your
sensitivity to this issue probably prevents your being blinded by ego more
than the great majority--as was true of Lessig, Stallman, etc.
The advantage p2p entities have is that they are rooted in a particular
morality--it is not a technology or an architecture--it is a morality--a
political economic theory--at least to me.
Some questions you would need to reflect on (if I was some sort of mentoring
1. Where do you want the organization to be in 3 years?
2. How do you see your role/ego playing out in the future of the
3. What would you want to have happen to the organization if some personal
crisis blocked your participation?
4. Who are the stakeholders of the p2p-f?
5. How dependent is the organization on your personal zeal, commitment,
mind, reputation, etc. and should you manage that to some alternatives?
I cannot judge these things.  I do like you and am confident in your moral
compass as a leader from a reasonable set of interactions on which to form a
judgment.  That said, I can imagine any leader falling in love with their
own visions to the point of losing collaborative legitimacy (and too many
have done so again and again.)
 Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-24 10:50:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Was Re: P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone 
These are, to my mind, reasoned and reasonable perspectives that obviously
demonstrate considerable reflection already.  Your openness is also
Leaders do have warts and people are flawed (or perhaps people are not
straightforward systems of logic).  Anyone "out there" enough to be a social
entrepreneur is going to have personality rough spots that show with greater
than normal frequency than, say, an institutional business person hiding
behind all sorts of conventions to appear stable.  None of us are immune
from rough spots--historians wield considerable power in either glossing
over them or showing the to us in association with heroes and big egos in
general.  Only those persons who are absolutely unable to reflect on their
own rough spots and care about self-correction to some socially acceptable
degree are truly dangerous.  A cassock doesn't make a monk, and not all
monks wear their devotions on their sleeves.  All leaders and all social
entrepreneurs deal with ego issues.  It is a necessary paradox to be
selfless and central--I always think of Anthony Quinn's character in the
film, Lawrence of Arabia-Lawrence charms him by saying "you are a river to
your people."
It would be fascinating as well as potentially productive to deal with the
issues you raise systematically as part of a p2p governance action learning
self-as-experiment set of research.  To a large extent you already do that.
But with some radical transparency about your aims and advice as to p2p
consistent ways to achieve them, nothing seems bizarre or unreasonable.
You are of course right that institutions must exist.  Great people work
for universities, for instance, and my little peeves aren't too enlightening
to them...people need a paycheck, for instance, and health insurance, etc.
Social entrepreneurs are a rare breed who wander out Thoreau-style and just
try to make it work with relatively low value placed on the associated
ambiguity and uncertainty.  P2P social entrepreneurism is even more selfless
in that you are all but guaranteed to subordinate ego to collective.
It seems to me utopian socialism ran into similar issues.  I don't think p2p
is New Harmony, Indiana, though, and I don't think p2p-f is Michel Bauwens'
secret strategy for being the next Steve Jobs.  Simply being intentional,
reflective and open makes you worthy in your role.  Any who judges the rest,
has to walk a mile in your shoes or similar shoes.  Yet we do all judge, and
the judgements can at times hurt those who live something even when they are
lodged by someone rather peripheral to a life or institution.

@_date: 2009-04-24 11:15:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Knight Commission Invites Public Input on Community 
Forwarded for the Knight Commission on the Information Needs of
Communities in a Democracy.
A project of the Aspen Institute and the John S. and James L. Knight
Knight Commission Invites Public Input on Community Information Needs
What information do Americans need to accomplish the personal goals and
to be effective citizens in our democracy?  How are they getting their
news and information?  And what would they do to improve the quality of
news and information available to them?
The Knight Commission on the Information Needs of Communities in a
Democracy ( has been
conducting the first major study in the digital age to identify the
information needs of communities in a democracy, assess how and whether
those needs are being met, and recommend steps to improve the
fulfillment of those needs.
Now the Commission, in partnership with PBS Engage, is seeking public
input from citizens across the nation from Tuesday April 21 ? Friday May
8, 2009 at  The
site offers an interactive experience and includes a preliminary draft
of the introduction to the Commission?s report, survey questions for the
public to answer, highlight videos from some of the public forums and
meetings held by the Commission, blogs about the Commission?s work, and
a forum for citizens to express their thoughts and opinions.
During the public input period, Marissa Mayer, Google?s Vice President
of Search Products & User Experience, and Co-Chair of the Commission,
will answer citizens? questions about the Commission?s work via Google
Moderator, which enables participants to both submit and vote on
questions they think should be answered.
The Commission?s upcoming final report will include recommendations for
achieving the news and information environment that democratic
communities need in order to thrive.  The Commission launched in June
2008 with an aggressive agenda to assess the information needs of
citizens from a variety of different types of communities in order to
make concrete recommendations to public policy makers about improving
local information flow. The free flow of news and information in
communities is essential to effective democracy. With the digital age
transforming media worldwide, reducing traditional journalism in a
number of communities, the Commission is focused on how Americans will
get the news and information they need to make informed decisions for
themselves and for their communities.
Over the past year the Commission held seven public forums and meetings
in communities across the nation and heard from more than 100 speakers,
including community organizers, educators, journalists from old and new
media, labor leaders, technology engineers and strategists,
entrepreneurs, futurists, public officials, policy analysts, economic
consultants and community foundation representatives.  The Commission
has also received significant input from an informal advisory network of
journalists, academics, and people involved in policy and community work.
The Knight Commission, funded by the John S. and James L. Knight
Foundation, operates out of the Aspen Institute Communications and
Society Program in Washington, D.C.  It includes seventeen respected
representatives of journalism, communities and public policy with
diverse perspectives, including Co-Chairs Mayer and Theodore B. Olson,
Partner at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher and former U.S. Solicitor General,
and ex-officio members Alberto Ibarg?en and Walter Isaacson, presidents
respectively of Knight Foundation and the Aspen Institute.  The
Commission?s executive director is Peter Shane, a law professor at The
Ohio State University, who is advised by a committee of journalists,
policymakers and academic experts from a variety of fields.  For more
information on the Knight Commission, visit
Peter M. Shane
Jacob E. Davis and Jacob E. Davis II Chair in Law and
Director, Project on Law and Democratic Development
The Ohio State University
Moritz College of Law
55 West 12th Avenue
Columbus, OH 43210
Executive Director, Knight Commission on the Information Needs of
Communities in a Democracy
Phone:  614-688-3014
FAX:  614-688-8422
URL:  E-Mail:  shane.29 at osu.edu or pshane at andrew.cmu.edu
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-24 14:04:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Crisis with Instrumentality Amongst Students 
A blog touches on points made by Andreas:
Presumably students are stupider.  That is biological nonsense.  So why have
they lost their motivation and started to appear daft?
Maybe a poor teacher stops teaching and starts enabling p2p.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-25 10:06:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] George Siemens Blogs On Future of Universities 
He claims (contra my assertion) that uni's not dying but starting to
reform.  States problem is vision of the future.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-25 11:10:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] George Siemens Blogs On Future of Universities 
What Should Universities Become?
1. Centers for Action Research and Emphasis on Informing Solutions or Posing
Authentic Problems
2. Anti-credentialist
3. Facilitators of bold and high risk research projects
4. Validation venues for assessing rigor of all sorts
5. Places to find mentors and peers
6. Facilitators of open collaboration
7. Enablers of talent management processes
8. Transitional zones for younger people to enter lives of meaning and
9. Life long learning facilitators
10. Experimenters with new modes of association, living, interaction, and
financial relationships
11. Archives
12. Oases for reflection, discussion, exploration for large numbers of
13. Institutional homes for certain valued intellectuals who demonstrate a
willingness to produce whether or not they have "incentives."
Ryan Lanham
On Sat, Apr 25, 2009 at 10:50 AM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-04-25 11:24:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Targeted Currencies Network 
Got this link from Fernanda Ibarra
Seems to embody lots of my own ideas expressed here formerly.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-25 17:18:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The nature of apple trees (was: Re: [ox-en] 
Stan and Kevin:
All very interesting to me.  Interesting arguments.  I would like to meld
some of this thinking into the collaborative principles piece I am working
on, but I am having a tough time boiling down your complex thoughts into
It is as now more explanatory than actionable.
Any help or pointers on that would be appreciated--even if it is a
discouragement to the idea of organizational governance.
My own personal action research agenda is trying to futurize evolution of
the current system assuming increasing p2p framework impact.  That is, I am
not trying to explain the past or theorize an ideal, but rather trying to
see how things will evolve.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-25 18:04:57
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cisco CTO on the future of Collaboration... 
Note item 4...corporate claims on p2p?
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-26 10:19:02
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Folksomaps -- Gold standard (?) for community mapping 
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-27 09:33:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] NYTimes 500 GB on a disc -- Technology breakthrough 
Another breakthrough in data storage and movement--by 2012, 500 GB on a
standard DVD sized disc.  Current technologies hold about 5 GB per disc.
Elsewhere, there is a large movement going on now in the UK urging local
governments to release "raw data" to the web on budgets, mails, public
advisories, etc.
Certainly a major driver in the p2p world will be the simple explosion of
data sources and the impossibility of pricing by unit of intellectual
property in such frameworks--particularly for historical data.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-27 13:03:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thoroughly Modern Marx -- From Foreign Policy 
*Thoroughly Modern
*By Leo Panitch*
*Das Kapital* is 142 years old and flying off bookshelves again. As
capitalism trembles, the Marxist founder of the *Socialist
Register*revisits the master?s surprisingly relevant predictions about
the downfall
of the global financial system.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-27 13:50:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Emergeance of an Ecosystem for Disaster and 
Interesting summary on how social nets are being used to channel
information...from the African Open Source site.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-27 14:00:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Some More Harsh Criticism of the Academy--this Time 
NY Times opinion...End the University as We Know It...
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-27 17:28:44
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] THIRD WORLD UNIVERSITIES FORUM 
What should be nurtured?  Let's say the normative framework of universities
is relatively set.  That means change will have to be organic, social and
part of long historical evolution of the model, if it is to come from
inside.  So, if the way to achieve a transformation in such an ecology is
through nurturing new values as hybrid contributions, the question that
should be asked is, what shold be nurtured?
That is, there will not be a rupture, revolution (a la the Reformation) and
then an inevitable counter-revolution.  The NYTimes article today invoked
Luther's 95 theses.  Maybe that means there will now be Jesuits and an
Inquisition.  That's not the way.  We need a velvet revolution...a grafting
of a new form of apple tree onto the old stock and vine.
P2P could be a cogent set of ideas worth investigating in comparison to
current university ideals.  Maybe a worthwhile approach would be to discuss
what sorts of hybrids between p2p and current academic approaches might be
worth fertilizing.
I appreciate the feeling that iconoclasm will not be well received in such
On Mon, Apr 27, 2009 at 4:15 PM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-04-28 08:45:26
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On unschooling 
I see Michel's point about left right, but I really see it more as
order/disorder (though perhaps that is similar if not the same as
Order was necessary for bureaucratic control and nation state stability.
Now that we are moving to a post nation state world slowly, the order
demanded by those frameworks is melting.
As structure melts, there are local collapses, noticeable concentrations and
a great deal of tension at the fringes.  Kevin's points in other posts about
the rise of hollow states really reaches a chord with me.  I see the
hollowing occurring.  It happens with inconsistent budget funding, arbitrary
policy shifts by highly politicized bureaucracies and the advent of new
technologies and social changes that cannot be rationalized into large
structures rapidly.
My own view is that p2p theory is right on the money in terms of trying to
theorize a post structural world based on trust and service systems.  The
economic ideas of an energy transaction economy, etc. are so far over the
horizon in my view, that the theorizing is much more speculative and more
likely to be of lower value.
The trick is going to be watching the melt occur and anticipating its
variable rates of change, local collapses and intermediate responses to
structural decay.  We might be moving away from punctuated equlibria to
continous transformation--sort of a fractal world.  If that is so, means of
coping with the lack of stucture and chaos are going to have a great deal of
local variation.  One wonders whether any form of centralized theorizing can
be effective in such times.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-28 10:34:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: THIRD WORLD UNIVERSITIES FORUM 
Something wierd is going.  You and I keep ending up in the same discussions
talking about ourselves in similar ways in fairly different corners of the
web...and their are others like us.
Of all the many blogs I look at, I always resonated with Michel's most.
There are others, like George Siemens, and come to find they are also
habitating similar spaces as each other.  Yet when I try to make it all neat
and pretty for myself--it is difficult to see the theoretical structure.  It
is something like realist, post-structural, mutualist, pro-civil society,
semi-anarchist, greenish, sympathetic to socialism but extremely
antithetical to autocracy, loss of liberties...?
Many of us are self-educated in a Deweyian sense--wanderers, habitual
researchers with little drive to "publish".  We are often employed at the
peripheries of universities or in social welfare organizations that are
international yet with local focuses.
"We" are a something.  Webniks?  Even the people we interact with in the
academic/university framework tend to be similar persons or linked ones.
--Philanthropy, net governance, civil society theorists, e-democracy types,
people who link social sciences and evolution closely...
I would like to articulate what "we" is...not to institutionalize it, but to
understand this wierd co-location of several of us on twitter, in listservs,
in peripheral university roles related to governance and civil society
theory, disaster recovery and few more recurring touchpoints.
Any ideas anyone?
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-28 10:45:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google as Open Kindle Maker? 
If you are right, and p2p is truly my machine to yours, we need a notion of
quasi-p2p where an enabler sits between us.  To my mind there are always
layers of enablers.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-28 13:29:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Some More Harsh Criticism of the Academy--this 
HASTAC is another one of those places the type of people found here tend to
hang out and write at as well...perhaps a touch more academic, and I agree
with Paul, Mark Taylor is someone worth reading, consistently.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-28 13:35:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Change Economy 
I was going to recommend Stuart Kauffman too, but I always found his
writings less informative than the idea of his writings...sort of the
opposite of how I feel about Clay Shirky who seems to say the obvious but
does it with infinite insight and subtlety while yet not being arcane.
Kauffman is not clear...at least to me.  It is almost like reading a
phenomenologist.  You think you are getting something but then it keeps
slipping through your fingers.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-29 08:36:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] From Patrice Riemens on NETTIME-L: End of time on 
Well this will probably go down with the readership just as well as the
Trotsky cookies....
Cheers from the Tor, p+2D!
(usual intro and exit skipped this time)
(Ippolita Google, Appendixes)
I. The End of the World in a Cookie
The end-date for Google is January 17, 2038. This date is interesting
because it falls two days before the End of the World itself. January 19
2038 is a critical day all over the POSIX world, which includes all
operating systems deriving from the UNIX system (GNU-Linux, BSD, Solaris,
etc.), and all UNIX-style network protocols (such as http, ftp, etc.). On
POSIX systems, time is measured in seconds elapsed since 1st January 1970,
this for historical reasons {explined later}. The measuring unit for this
number is a 'signed integer' traditionally of 32 bits of memory.
[For a refresher see: If a programmer creates a variable of the signed integer type in order to
stock digital data in memory, it cannot be more than 2 147 483 648 nor
less than 2 147 483 647. A very large number for sure, but rather less so
if we translate it in seconds. These 32 bits indeed have room for no more
than 136 years...
When Ken Thompson invented UNIX, he did so as a kind of play, and he never
would have imagined that he would revolutionise information technology;
and even less did he think that some of his choice, for instance the 'file
system', the hour, the character codes, the functions call [?], the
programming language etc., would all in very short time become law for
coders the world over. Thompson had set the point Zero of his operating
system to January 1st, 1970.
2 147 483 647 seconds after that fatidic January 1st , at exactly UTC 3.14
am on January 19, 2038. will be the ultimate second of the UNIX world, of
the Internet (which functions thanks to UNIX protocols) and of most of the
major servers of the world (all working on UNIX-derived OSs). After that
second, we will be put back to the 13th of December 1901, 8.45pm. This
problem will surely have to be addressed in the years to come, and will
call for a change of paradigm in time management and in all UNIX-based
systems. This situation is rather more complex and serious than the
much-vaunted Y2K bug that was hyped up during the 1999-2000 transition.
[More refresher at: Google's end date hence is the longest programmable date that can be set
for a cookie, which means that our OS's browser will never delete these
cookies nor the information contained therein.
For more detailed info, see:
And the site of   under 'problem dates'
(to be continued)
#  distributed via : no commercial use without permission
#    is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: #  archive:  contact: nettime at kein.org

@_date: 2009-04-29 11:17:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Near Future Laboratory on the "Ivory Wall." 
Another in a series of doubts about careers, majors, disciplines.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-29 17:24:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] THIRD WORLD UNIVERSITIES FORUM 
I'd like to think Paul's architecture is what will evolve, but that would
entail nearly total dissolution of the current framework.  Culture has
staying power. I doubt such total transformation can occur absent
catastrophe.  That said, I am very excited by where a number of open
universities are headed...some are even doing world class research.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-08-01 19:09:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p AND symbols 
A thought on symbology:
p2p = individual to individual
p2P = individual to abstract persons...the group of possible persons in an
P2P = the concept of abstract persons sharing with abstract persons...the
concept of network sharing.

@_date: 2009-08-06 09:52:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Starbucks API 
In theory, I agree.  What makes Mayo and Cleveland particularly good is IT
(they also get the finest personnel...)
What is lacking...and this is a real, bona fide opportunity for tinkerers,
is an open source, secure, powerful digital hospital automation system
implemented on low cost hardware.  Some do-gooder should partner with a
third world country to build such a thing based on Mayo or Cleveland.  I'd
think finding UN money and other sources of foundation investment for this
would be comparatively easy.  Most of the prototypes I see in the open
source world are hopelessly banal or downright stupid...no market, no need,
no value...some world of abundance.

@_date: 2009-08-06 13:00:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 3-D printing in stainless steel 
Commercial enterprise offering 3-D printing community includes capacity to
print in stainless steel.

@_date: 2009-08-07 13:08:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 20 Theses against green capitalism 
Well said, Sm?ri.  Bravo.
I cannot agree more and stand with you word for word.
Ryan Lanham
2009/8/6 Sm?ri McCarthy

@_date: 2009-08-08 12:16:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The end of growth? 
This is terribly reminiscent of similar themes in the 1970s.

@_date: 2009-08-09 12:22:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The end of growth? 
The question posed was simple: Can growth continue post peak oil?  The
essay's author say, probably not, and that explains much of the current
reality.  That IS highly relevant to the world we live in.  Explaining cause
for what is changing billions of lives is not a yawn for me.
Setting aside anyone's pet theories of the universe, economics, social
relations or the commons as separate questions from the question as to
whether global economic growth can continue, the answer to the growth
question seems to be...it depends on how much alternative energy comes on
line and how quickly...unless we are willing to radically alter the climate
even more than has been done to date.  If growth doesn't continue, then we
are in for something none of us understand or likely can theorize
accurately, because it will be largely new (for the modernized technological
That results in certain conjectures which are usually presented as
inevitable or obvious outcomes.  My own view is little is inevitable or
obvious from where we sit.  I don't believe we are at some tipping point
toward the commons, libertarianism, socialism or toward anything else.  In
fact, the best case can probably be made for global collapse without any
order rising from it outside of one based on sheer power--the world as
various shades of Somalia.
I am of a mind the US drifts toward a few decades of Japanese-like slow
techno-recession while oil declines and global warming accelerates.  What
happens beyond that, I think is impossible to forecast and even that much
could be wrong--there could be inflations or other forks in the road.  Lots
of theories are out there and some will be more right than others, but there
is no logic at present to any handicapping method.
The questions as to why we are where we are, to me, remain interesting and
far from obvious.
I suppose that agree with those who say that from a moral standpoint the
best one can do is frame what sort of world we want to live in and then try
through personal action and (especially) example to attain such a world.
For me, that is a world with real technological progress toward health and
well-being for most humans without massive loss of life, without radically
declining standards of living (given any reasonable assessment), and a
sustainable model of co-existence with the planet in some form.  All those
goals leave much open to question and hypothesis.
So, after that, I am for trial, assessment, more collaborative assessment,
and more trials and models.
On Sun, Aug 9, 2009 at 10:54 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-08-10 11:28:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The end of growth? 
Hi Michel,
I agree Japan is underestimated.
I personally have a great difficulty seeing forward now.  I'd like to say I
can visualize where the world is headed...or any nation I particularly care
about.  I can't do that.  Frankly that surprises me because I felt that it
was relatively easy to do so from 1980 until now.  Some things surprised
me...the rapid rise of China, for instance, but most did not.  From here, I
feel blind as a bat, and that is disconcerting.

@_date: 2009-08-11 09:51:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 20 Theses against green capitalism 
More time and research could make this much better (for which I
It is frightening to realize that this is the only planet and the only set
of resources humans in the next few hundred years are likely to use or
inhabit.  Space elevators and other technologies not withstanding...this is
the ultimate mothership.  There is no other, nor will there be by any
assessment I've seen from reasonable futurists.
We don't even begin to have the elements of technology necessary for deep
space travel...and many astrobiologists have said that, for now, we couldn't
survive it for long--our bones would, for example, decay in zero G over
time.  Even a trip to Mars for 3 people is highly difficult now and would
require upwards of 20 years to plan and get right.  I have read that the
risks are astonishing.  It is, for comparison, highly difficult just to keep
the space station in orbit and functioning normally.  Staffs of thousands of
people work on the problem full-time.  That is mostly to support an empty
ship not that high in space.
The energy challenges alone of deep space operations are incredible.  It is
speculated that most advanced species would be found near to stars so that
they can easily harvest energy.  Just travelling to the next nearest star
would take decades to centuries with anything like technology that is
feasible.  We have a perfectly stable star right here.  Why go anywhere
We cannot yet live reasonably underwater more than 1000 meters for extended
periods--overwhelmingly the most resource rich portion of our planet.
To my mind, space research, space travel, space anything...is a colossal
waste of time and effort.  I'd much rather see resources go toward studying
our oceans and our sustainability problems.  I have heard it said that we
have 10 times more people in space related ventures than we do in deep water
ventures, yet water is 5/6s of the planet...and while it is very cold in
deep water...it is far warmer than in deep space.

@_date: 2009-08-12 08:49:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Life after capitalism 
I don't know if it is just me, but I could not open the attached document
with any tool I have including Google documents.
Could you advise as to format?

@_date: 2009-08-12 08:57:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Open Cloud Manifesto 
Introduction
 The buzz around cloud computing has reached a fever pitch. Some believe it
is a
disruptive trend representing the next stage in the evolution of the
Internet. Others
believe it is hype, as it uses long established computing technologies. As
with any
new trend in the IT world, organizations must figure out the benefits and
risks of
cloud computing and the best way to use this technology.
 One thing is clear: The industry needs an objective, straightforward
about how this new computing paradigm will impact organizations, how it can
used with existing technologies, and the potential pitfalls of proprietary
technologies that can lead to lock-in and limited choice.
 This document is intended to initiate a conversation that will bring
together the
emerging cloud computing community (both cloud users and cloud providers)
around a core set of principles. We believe that these core principles are
rooted in
the belief that cloud computing should be as open as all other IT
 This document does not intend to define a final taxonomy of cloud computing
to charter a new standards effort. Nor does it try to be an exhaustive
thesis on
cloud architecture and design. Rather, this document is intended for CIOs,
governments, IT users and business leaders who intend to use cloud computing
and to establish a set of core principles for cloud providers. Cloud
computing is
still in its early stages, with much to learn and more experimentation to
However, the time is right for the members of the emerging cloud computing
community to come together around the notion of an open cloud.

@_date: 2009-08-13 09:18:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Top Posting - Cardinal Sin 
I myself am aware of the debate going on since I used a VT-220 terminal over
a 2400 baud modem as an employee at Harvard in 1987 on Usenet.  It was an
issue then.  It will be an issue 50 years from now, I suspect.
Norms are just that...norms, not rules, not laws.  Some people hate that
their own norms aren't everyone else's--in politics we call them dictators.
To my mind, top posting is superior...it gives both persons' messages a
clear and unchanged set.  I have also found inter-line tedious, kludgy and
Responding to a particular line or segment means inter-line is better.  I
wouldn't at all be surprised if PhD dissertations have gone down on the
topic.  Many people strongly prefer inter-line.  Everyday programmers and
technical sorts seem particular rabid about the topic form my 20+ years
experience of it.
The plonking and kill-filing threats are inevitable.  People who have active
and open voices will be disliked, disagreed with, ignored and even libeled
for what they say, how they say it, etc.  So what.  It is a small price to
pay for the ability to give voice to how you feel without a general sense
of danger.
There was a great story recently about an atheism ad, very tasteful in my
view, on buses in Iowa that offended many viewers.  Societies need to go
through that from time to time.  It reminds people how they feel about human
I love civility and wish it reigned supreme, but one person's civility is
often another's pretension or other imbalance.  I'd also arguet that some
rational concept of civility and manners is a useful global capacity.  The
open discussion and adoption of certain norms as "ideals" is also great.
Hurting feelings, making threats, ad hominem attacks, etc. are inevitable,
but not the best we can be.  Some will simply not care.  When it becomes
extreme, groups can and should act to sanction.
Personally as a list administrator, you have no worries from me that you
will be sanctioned for top posting unless there is a repeated and widespread
public outcry against it.  Even then you would be given extensive fair
warning and some concept of due process--probably a note to Michel asking
what he thinks can and should be done.
Beyond that, my suspicion is that you will never realize normative stability
on most of these items.
It is a highly important topic however because it is a microcosm of P2P
governance, human rights, etc.  Some do these things better than others.
While their ethos sometimes drives me crazy, I have come to admire Canadians
as the leaders in a sense of openness and fairness as a national
culture--certainly they are, as a nation, vastly more open and respectful
than Americans (my citizenship).  The Dutch often excel as well, as do New
Zealanders.  But all three of these countries have deep and unsavory
smurches on their records in dealing with minorities or colonies--as do most
peoples who have held any sort of power over others.  The best you do is to
try to do the best you can do...be open about mistakes, hope for the best,
and carry on as it feels most appropriate.  It is when a person has power
over others that their morality is truly in focus.  That's one reason why
P2P is such a great vision of some lucky peoples' futures--it minimizes the
need to hope someone else is moral with their power.

@_date: 2009-08-13 09:47:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Interesting concept for a major P2P concept 
toward it in some respects, I know of no standardized legal database of open
efforts that could serve to undermine patents systematically.  It is a great
idea.  Open publish and systematically store data on vast quantities
of public domain items specifically for the purpose of undermining future

@_date: 2009-08-14 15:13:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] no oil crisis? 
There are a lot of things being said here, so I'll say some more.
First, it is not controversial that the world uses (today) about 88 million
barrels of oil (give or take 3 million) per day.  We know from the incomes.
Replacing that with algae or any other biofuel is simply impossible(.)
There isn't enough farm and processing capacity to make such a crop, process
it, and then distribute it with any logical economics as currently
understood.  Coal, algae and all biofuels combined might (MIGHT!) provide
10-20 million barrels a day.  That would be a huge contribution, but it is
years and years away.  Look into what Brazil must do to produce their highly
efficient ethanol and you will begin to see the staggering problems of a
massive global bio-fuel framework--even if you engage the oceans (and it is
completely speculative whether and how algae might be farmed at scales
necessary to contribute only a few million barrels a day).  It simply isn't
workable in my opinion.
Second, that 88 million barrel figure will rise at least another 20% and
probably more like 30% before it falls.  So consumption is increasing.
China is increasing consumption at 1/2%-1% a month.  It is mind-boggling
when you think about it--a 55 gallon barrel is a pretty big thing.  We use
80-100 million of then per DAY!--plastics, gasoline, asphalt, motor oil,
The working number for proven reserves that can be accessed reasonably is
about 1,000 billion barrels (1 trillion)--give or take 30%--most experts
think a realistic number is about 700-800 bbbls.  So the math is rather
easy.  We go through about 1/1000 of our remaining reserves every 12 days
give or take.  So, in 12,000 days, give or take, we will be out of oil.
These are ballpark figures, but good enough to have a policy discussion
with.  In short, we have 30-40 years of oil if we drain and burn every
drop.  As someone who has been alive for more than 12,000 days, I can say it
isn't a lot.
More importantly, as the supply declines, prices rises are inevitable--which
will have unpredictable results including lower consumption, new technology,
etc.  It may lead to other peaks and shifts in demands that have
unpredictable effects on economics.  I am all for market innovation, but it
probably can't solve this one completely...certainly not without massive
government incentives to steer away from disasters that demand models will
The more important issue is carbon.  If we burn 1000 billion barrels of oil
in the next 30 years, we will be at way far high end of carbon forecasts.
Again, that's easy math.  Do it yourself to convince yourself.  That doesn't
include massive coal use and many other sources of carbon in the sky like
methane.  If we are there, temperatures will likely rise by 3-6 degrees C --
perhaps as soon as 2040 -- an impossibly high number that will lead to
destruction none of us can begin to fathom -- probably the direct death of
at least 1 - 3 billion people.
Where does all this leave us?  I think it's quite a pickle.  Some say it
will lead to a new agrarian/local low footprint hippie model of life.  I
seriously doubt that outcome, personally.  People will fight it in the
developed world, and the developing world wants nothing more than to be
developed.  There will be conservation.  There will be innovation.  There
will be resource shifts to natural gas, nuclear, solar, etc.  It won't be
But I recommend you not listen to me.  I recommend you not read a book.  I
recommend you not adopt a philosophy.  I recommend you research what you
believe to be reasonable and credible numbers for possible productions,
consumptions and technical changes (based on the histories of other
technical changes) and then run the relatively simple model that leads you
to your own views.
It is a game of numbers.  There's no sentiment or emotion.  It's just a game
of numbers.
On Fri, Aug 14, 2009 at 2:23 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-08-14 19:21:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] no oil crisis? 
I must say that I've read plenty by Avery Lovin--starting about 20 years
ago.  I'd recommend him.
As to wringing hands, I suppose I am doing that.  I don't hold any sign
humans can or will learn or respond to the issues at hand.  They haven't so
far.  We have a long history of collapse and very little history of
organized success.  I give, personally, even less hope of a
libertarian/market solution--personally, I'd give the least hope to that.
So, you are right, I am hand-wringing.  Touche.
Whether that qualifies me as a member of a doomsday cult, I dunno.  I've
never been one much for organized churches of any sort.  I try to run my own
numbers.  It's become a way of thinking for me.  I always run my own
numbers, even if I see them in front of me--I just don't trust conclusions
unless I do the math, if it is worthwhile and feasible to do so.
Overall, I try to make myself believe this or that based on empirical
facts.  I'll confess to panic and jumping to conclusions.
My justification is that I work with citizens and have done so in many
formats. I know how hard it is to compel action--even in an obvious crisis.
People will cheat, twist, distort and frustrate things for reasons that are
beyond me...sometimes I suppose people just feel pain and need to bleed it
out somewhere.  That's the best explanation of social irrationality I can
give.  I work to educate people...it's a long, slow sometimes seemingly
hopeless endeavor.   But the best I can do personally is to try to figure
things out and then to teach what I have learned to people. It is those who
teach from what they know in their core, what they have personally verified,
that I always have trusted most.  It was the educational philosophy I was
brought up with, the one I chose in a university, and the one I espouse.
As to neo-agrarian societies, you are preaching to the choir.  I love a
garden and a compost pile, but I have no intention of moving back to 1850.
I like stem cell transplants, cell phones, jumbo jets and laser-guided
drone-launched anti-terrorist missiles.  One thing I have found out about
this little mailing list of 200 or so people is that it is filled with some
very smart, often highly accomplished and frankly weird folks. I suppose I
am one of the latter.
"NEW TO PEAK OIL? SCARED? START HERE: CONFESSIONS OF AN EX-DOOMER"

@_date: 2009-08-15 12:20:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
The sun is the overwhelming source of energy for the planet.  No doubt about
it.  But you've got to convert that energy to direct or alternating current
for it to be maximally useful, and that takes conversion either from heat
sinks or from light.  The ocean is the obvious heat sink, hence my interest
in ocean thermal energy conversion (OTEC).  OTEC at scale could answer many
questions...but that is 30 plus years off with no clear economic model and
no hydrogen or ammonia markets to feed yet.
Passive solar is also interesting, but it doesn't generate current.  You
need current to do work--like producing fuels such as hydrogen or ammonia.
Creating warmth or cooling is only about 10-20% of global energy use.  Even
if houses were hugely more efficient, it wouldn't matter that much.  But it
is "low hanging" fruit.
Cutting transportation is highly problematic.  I suspect wind power will be
in large use again within 20 years, but wind doesn't help on land.  Rail
systems are part of the answer, as is hybrid, electric, natural gas and
hydrogen (and maybe ammonia),  but those are years away too.
Wind is also generally interesting but it is counter-cyclical to use (most
wind blows at night) and it is variable everywhere.  So it is a reducer or
helper fuel...turning it into hydrogen would be great, but the plants work
variably and would need to be robotic to make sense.  Still, wind is a
contributor and part of the answer.
At present, ammonia accounts for 1.5% (one point five) of the total global
electricity production.  We don't produce enough of it.  It is
overwhelmingly the most important fertilizer.  Just fertilizer production is
a major energy issue.  Add 2 or 3 billion people to the planet (and we will)
and the problems because 50% harder. Any large model would need to factor in
ammonia production.
Photovoltaic (current from light) is highly problematic so far.  It produces
lots of waste plastics and requires many nasty chemicals.  Plus the
electronics burn out...some over longer times than others, but they burn
The trouble with all carbon liquids is the carbon.  Hence you will need to
convince yourself and everyone else that carbon isn't the issue.  Personally
I think it is the overwhelming number 1 issue.  Carbon is a physical issue,
and so is speculation unless you anticipate a planned economy which hasn't
worked yet.
Nuclear is problematic because of the waste.  I am still an advocate for
so-called 3rd gen nuclear.  Many reasonable and smart people think nuclear
is a major problem.  I cannot prove them wrong.
Reduced consumption is the good strategy, but it is hard without major
controls.  Such social controls have never been successfully applied on a
large scale.  Even air pollution is still quite common...and virtually all
of the low-hanging fruit in that field has been taken, particularly in the
US, Europe and other developed nations.
You are wrong about useful land for productive purposes...it is getting
quite scarce.  Bear in mind that we most also filter CO2 with trees, that we
must provide ecosystems, that we must sequester carbon located in plants and
grounds, etc.  There is little free land left...and desertification is
proceeding at record rates.  The Sahara not long ago had lakes in it. Now
the Sahel moves year by year south.
Can we produce protein for 7-10 billion people?  That's the real carrying
capacity issue IMO you lump under "agriculture".  Right now we do it but at
huge pollution costs--methane is a major greenhouse gas.  Sea stocks of fish
are 1/10 what they were in 1950 (source Wolf Berger's recent classic text *
Ocean*). It will get worse before it gets better.  You are right, much of
the warm Pacific is a desert.  But the nutrients to fuel algae growth are
deep.  You'd have to expend energy and resources to get them to the
surface.  Even algae eats things other than nutrients from photosynthesis.
Protein and water are very scarce resources.  Both require huge amounts of
energy, and both create huge amounts of carbon to create or purify.
So the simple math models are the right road (we seem to agree) but they
need to add up to stable climate, minimal coercion, minimal lost standard of
living, minimal loss of hope for improvements to the poor, and minimal
depletion of resources (i.e. sustainability).  Very hard problem.  Some
things will be part of a complex solution.  There is not obvious answer.
And the prospect of failure is, any reasonable person would have to admit,
quite large.
P2P has a helper role in all that.  Some see it as a primary role.  I hope
the latter is true.  I am interested enough to hang around hoping one of our
collective lunatics comes up with something that matters at scale.  Even if
they don't, mattering locally is, to my mind, noble and compelling as a way
to spend your heartbeats.
Personally I wish a programmer type would produce an open source modelling
tool of the simplicity and clarity associated with Stella which I started
using on the mac almost 20 years ago. We need a graphical modeling
environment that allows simple math models to be visualized as Stella does.
I've long looked for a free/open source substitute but have found none.  I'd
be very interested if anyone has seen something of that sort.
I have long wished for an open P2P math model environment where complex math
models would be built, linked and vetted collaboratively as with a wiki.  I
know of no such project.
On Sat, Aug 15, 2009 at 11:22 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-08-15 12:39:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] no oil crisis? 
The Civil Rights Movement is the classic example.  It was, on the other
hand, counter-government and counter-cultural at first.  But it is still the
best argument...along with socialized medicine as in the UK.
I doubt there is an environmental movement.  There is diffuse interest and
some action, but little in the way of successful policy.  The air pollution
acts of the US were a landmark...more recently Europe and Japan have led.
On Fri, Aug 14, 2009 at 9:12 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-08-15 16:45:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FOSS modeling tools (was Re: Earth's carrying 
Yes, gardening would work, Paul.  I like it.  I keep thinking the
manufacturing guys would build something that would support universal
fab...Andersen Consulting used to do stuff like this at a lab associated
with the research park at Northwestern.
It's another lego block concept.  Why couldn't math models be factors as I/O
standard devices that could be linked in open source frameworks at will.  In
a sense all object-oriented programming is what I am talking about...but it
should have a GUI and be easy.  Chunky math tools.
On Sat, Aug 15, 2009 at 3:33 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-08-16 09:15:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
Hi Paul,
Others here have brought up nanosolar claims.  So far they are hype.  No
science, no product.  If they produce something that comes in at a wide
scale implementation cost under 0.25 USD, I'll start to listen.  For now, it
is lots of industrial waste, short-term burn out, and a lot of marketing

@_date: 2009-08-16 09:31:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
It's a great question.  What exactly are the waste products associated with
solar...and how much carbon is used to make a panel?
Whenever I ask these questions to the "green" solar manufacturers, I get
blank stares or angry and factless retorts.  I don't believe there is green
active solar yet.   Until someone shows that they have long mean-time
between failures, low waste energy and carbon costs per Kw/h, and can be
disposed of without major issues...I am skeptical of the whole industry.
For now, it is moot because the costs rule them out as serious contenders
for wide scale use.
That these are nasty to produce is not controversial. Cadmium and selenium
(both nasty) are widely used.  There are numerous patents and methods meant
to rectify the problems.  None are industry scale so far as I know.

@_date: 2009-08-16 16:12:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
I hope Nanosolar is the greatest thing ever.  Still, where are the utility
scale powerplants?  Where are the 100 MW productions?  The Google money went
in to the firm in 2002...Seven years and no meaningful market?  Have you
seen or held a Nanosolar device?  I live in one of the sunniest locations in
the hemisphere and I see no trucks, no logos, no plants.  What's wrong?
Real competitive production is still well over 4x what it needs to be.  They
aren't close.
People really seem determined to fight abundance to the end. :-(
Honestly, I have no idea what abundance is, so I can't fight it or dislike
it.  First, I'd have to understand it.  So far I do not.  I read all the
stuff (Michel's recent post by Husserl's relation, etc.) and it strikes me
as nonsense.  I take it I'm simply thick, but I prefer to understand the
how's and why's before I personally jump on a bandwagon.
I agree.  Photovoltaics looks to be capitalist pigs dressed up in green
sheep's clothes.  I'm not against it, I just need to see results that
Also, what happens to the cadmium based chemicals Nanosolar uses when their
films decay in the sun? Have they answered that one yet?

@_date: 2009-08-16 16:28:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Earth's carrying capacity and Catton 
On Sun, Aug 16, 2009 at 4:05 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <
No, but people get utility from cars.  The utility that comes from solar
devices has to be greater than the costs or I seriously doubt a market-based
society will implement them.  You can call for ending the US as it is, and
I'm not sure I'd be against you, but to be for you, I'd need to see the
plan, or as John Lennon put it...You say you want a revolution...well, you
know...we all want to change the world!
I am as against carbon as anyone.  I have been for not 3 or 5 years...but
15, and can document it.   So I've learned to be frustrated, doubtful, etc.
OTEC was ready for a full go in 1970.  We still don't have a commercial
scale plant.  40 years.  Salinomycin was invented in 1970.  We just
discovered it kills cancer cells.  First to clinical at production scales
estimated at 2020...50 years.
I live in political worlds and I know a bit about how politicians and
business leaders think.  There has to be a transitional logic...a working
model of the evolution.  That's why so many radicals want revolution.  But
just watch Obama bog down.  It isn't new or surprising.  Change is
fantastically difficult.  And yet it happens.  I just don't get too excited
about the easy modes we can adopt to save the world if only everyone would
just love each other and share our abundance!

@_date: 2009-08-17 08:21:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 Things to do to Enhance Organizational Peace 
I find it easy to be cynical about such things, but worth reflection for
those, like myself, who often find themselves in the broth.

@_date: 2009-08-18 10:02:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Information from Communalism: August 2009 
I note your sending out a communication copied below on the redo of the
journal Communalism.  Neat idea for a journal...if it was 20 years ago.
I have spent considerable time thinking lately about journals--academic
journals.  I have come to the considered rather than flippant conclusion
that they are absurd.  No one wins.  So the serious question must be
called...again and again if necessary, why are we making these things!?!
I understand they offer a forum for a particular type of writing.  But they
are resource wasteful, first, and of doubtful utility second, all things
considered.  Really they exist to advance a career agenda for academics that
is, by most I talk with, also absurd.  So if this is patently absurd for
most who consider it in the whole, why continue?
I propose the Foundation for P2P Alternatives consider putting on conference
sometime called, "Is Peer Review a Peer Process?"  Maybe this would fit into
one of the buckets you and Athina have on the stove.  I would actually opt
for the more tendenious title of "Why isn't Peer Review a Peer Process?"

@_date: 2009-08-19 08:22:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open green R&D 
It seems to me that many of these questions have already been addressed at
some length in the literature on university intellectual property.  There is
even an association and a journal dedicated to that topic.
The first questions one would need to answer are...why aren't public
universities focused on advancing the common good?  The answer seems to be
that local economic needs trump positive feelings.  People want corporations
for employment and growth in a place, so the expectation is that states will
use their intellectual juice to grow the economy--locally.  To turn the
problem on its head, why would any PLACE act so as to serve others?  And why
would any larger place (e.g. a US state) fund such a venture in difficult
financial times?
Another approach to the problem is to consider something like the Gates
Foundation which is trying to do global good based on a collected fortune or
two (mostly Gates and Warren Buffet).  Why do they act so as to help places
they do not have an interest in with intellectual property (e.g. vaccines)
that can aid all of humanity?
In other words, there are examples of selflessness on huge and valuable
projects, but typically in association with wealth.  There are examples of
incremental giving to a commons (i.e. P2P) but those typically involve
relatively small and disorganized efforts of low economic value.  Things
like Mozilla and Apache are the mysteries in my book.  What are they?  Or,
more importantly, why are they?
Civil society is the thread or name of the wave that includes those efforts
by humans to do more for other humans without significant economic personal
gain.  Communism is (or has been) state-enforced compulsory civil society.
It is fair to say that is a failure.  So now the questions radiate from the
issues associated with voluntary civil society and modes of participation
and leadership of that framework.
One would think that we'd have a clear idea of the ecology and logic of
civil society development but we do not.  It depends on the larger economic
and social ecosystems in which it is found.  A personal frustration is that
people disregard these pre-existing conditions and just assume they can
enter with an axe and build whatever civil society they want regardless of
context.  Those are the one-world futurists who are typically deterministic
as to what approaches will work and not work...that is, they are
judgmental/deontological.  Such people are typically advocates for a
philosophy or a way of doing/being rather than context, fit and evolution.
So my questions on this topic are...why would it work?  Why would someone
invest?  And why would it be located/place-based.  It seems to me that
localism is necessarily globalized for want of being competitively
positioned.  Virtual organizations and distributed processes have a far
better prospect of being P2P.  If one localizes, one will never be oriented
to a commons...at least that's my new theory.

@_date: 2009-08-19 08:34:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open green R&D 
By the way, all of this goes toward a highly understudied topic...the
economic geography of civil society.  For those who do political or social
research, it is a wide open field...and the economic geography of civil
society is an obvious title for currently nonexistent journal.
Paul Krugman got his Nobel Prize for a relatively simple and minimally
mathematical theory of economic clustering in geography.  I have tried to
apply his ideas to civil society.  Few others are doing it.  There are huge
swaths of economic geography no one has tapped for use in P2P or civil
society.  This is an extremely interesting field for those who love to pour
over maps, see charts on local outputs, etc.  It is a highly visual approach
where huge numbers of open or readily available tools such as KML and Google
Earth allow for very neat and highly accessible and useful tools to be
published quite easily.  I worked a bit (tangentially) on the Holocaust
Museum's efforts in Darfur.  The technology is obvious and straightforward.
For example...an open map of global P2P efforts.  Or P2P investment by
map/level of income.
It is through application of such data sets we will actually learn something
as opposed to the masterbation of people pursing their own "theories" as to
how the world might ideally work (obviously my editorial).

@_date: 2009-08-21 07:53:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bruce Sterling: The Caryatids 
I agree with Michel that it is a great review, and it is a vision I
find plausible in many respects.  The decline of central order will
undoubtedly come with severe outbreaks of violence especially in highly
armed societies like the US.  My guess is that technology is used as Big
Brother to avoid such problems.  RFIDS on all vehicles, robots and perhaps
even people, etc.  Pylons everywhere that report things to big public
Low grade malaise is the most likely outcome.  The world becomes a
dysfunctional Caribbean island, say, Nevis or, more ominously, Jamaica.
Everyone hangs out.  Vice flares from time to time.  Religion and technology
have churches devoted to them and those who proselytize for members.
There are neuromancer and blade runner elements I think could be worked into
this quite well, too.  Interest though.  Thanks for the review.

@_date: 2009-08-21 08:26:44
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Crude Oil Reaches Annual Highs 
May be a sign of recession ending, the dollar fading, speculation building,
or of supply diminishing...or all of these.

@_date: 2009-08-22 10:06:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venter getting very close to artificial life... 
Why build robots if we can engineer life to do our bidding?  When is a
machine a slave?  When is a lifeform one?
Is abundance OK if it comes with machines that are left artificially stupid
or lifeforms that are not given appropriate respect?

@_date: 2009-08-22 09:59:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: important request: texts introducing the 
My own thought is that the time would best be spent reading the FP2P wiki.
That's not realistic, but it would be the most productive if 20 pages is the
limit and accessibility is key.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-08-23 11:11:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The failure of micro-credit? 
Editorial note:  I am big advocate for micro-credit.  I am saddened by this
study, but cannot disprove its findings. One big P2P ideas seems inherently

@_date: 2009-08-24 08:41:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The failure of micro-credit? 
I concur with all you say...could have written it.  I too am puzzled by
Sam's response but it is consistent with the Yale research.  I am currently
scratching my head hoping Grameen and the now thousands of other
microfinance organizations step up to respond.  It is a profound challenge.
I spend a portion of almost every day making microfinance loans.  It would
hurt deeply to find such work is not only not helpful, but is indeed
hurtful.  I find it hard to believe...along lines you suggest, but that is
the current and loudest research finding on the topic from a top scholar and
a respected institution.
I literally don't know how to respond.  I have traded messages with Africans
who have found their loans to be transformative...the possibility to thrive
and get out of poverty.  How can this be?

@_date: 2009-08-24 09:59:44
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The failure of micro-credit? 
If you hear of such an investment plan offered by anyone, I'd like to check
it out.
I agree with your points totally.  The Yale study has left me shaken a bit
though.  They were not unclear as to their conclusions.  I believe these
things help real people which is my own big motivator.  If I don't get the
moral sense of helping and contributing, I might as well go plunder.  If
that makes me "compensated" then so be it.
I can now imagine the down a doctor would have after prescribing something
that seems to help for years only to have a scientist publish a paper saying
it was detrimental.
If it is wrong in not being as good as other solutions, we need to speed
those other solutions to deployment.
I never think of taking back my money that I lend.  My own goal is to keep
piling up more lending to help more people.  I'm sure there are those who do
it as a business, but frankly, buying a bond is less risky and probably
returns as much or more given currency losses, etc.  Most bankers don't
think of Bangladesh, Mexico or Tanzania as first line risks. I can attest
the returns are not superior.

@_date: 2009-08-25 10:11:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 100K garages 
The idea is a consortium of micro-manufacturers...

@_date: 2009-08-25 15:50:37
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Spray-on solar cells 
I must admit, it makes a lot more sense to me than solar films...if you can
print it, you should be able to spray it.

@_date: 2009-08-26 16:04:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Chronicle of Higher Education on P2P University 
New Tuition-Free 'University of the People' Tries to Democratize Higher Ed
The latest experiment in peer-to-peer education kicks off next month ? a new
institution where students will learn in virtual communities using free
online materials and social networking tools. But the venture, called
University of the People, faces serious questions about accreditation and

@_date: 2009-08-30 07:57:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Making counterfeit money may not be as difficult as 
Interesting implications should this become a widespread cottage industry.

@_date: 2009-08-30 08:03:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] I wonder if a major problem with P2P success is a 
Could it be that "abundant" technologies don't take off as P2P because P2P
underplays design and heuristics?

@_date: 2009-08-30 09:59:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Japanese revolution over Peak Population, 
Nice collections of excerpts, Paul.  I've been watching this for a few weeks
with some of the financial blogs.  It really is a surprising and radical
shift to a Nordic-styled left in Japan.  I think those who say it is a move
away are not as accurate as those who argue it is a move toward.  That's
always a big question in elections.  I wonder (and personally hope) whether
the US is behind and about to move in that direction as well.  Time will
Hatoyama is definitely anti-West...especially anti-US...and pro-China,
though he has toned down that rhetoric.  And that frightens American
business interests.  Watch the Japanese stock market on Monday...and then
the US market. If both markets fall, people are OK with it.  If Japan falls
and the US rises sharply...people are terribly frightened...that's my read.
On Sun, Aug 30, 2009 at 9:34 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-08-31 13:55:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Remote Assembly, Economy, & Work For Its Own Sake 
The obvious model of transition is a hyper-inflation.  Take Zimbabwe or even
the possibility as it currently exists in the US.  If you created massive
amounts of government spending...more and more...at some point, in theory,
the perceived value of the currency unit would fall.  If it falls to
nothing, you have an abundance of money.
My point is that money is not the issue.  Never has been.  The science of
money is economics.  There is no reinventing the sound core work that makes
up that field.  The question is value.  The people who wave their hands and
say we can just throw away carefully worked out ideas are amusing but not
very helpful.
Value as marginal utility will always reign supreme unless a moral system
becomes a political system whereby certain identified aims are held as
self-evidently valuable...e.g. a sustainable planet.
The problem is moral/political.  It isn't technological or procedural.  The
reason micro-currencies work is a volunteerism toward a different way of
being and seeing.  Until that occurs in large, sensible ways...or is forced
to occur in large sensible ways, there is no feasible transformation of the
sort Sam is describing.  Whether there is a tipping point in the moral
development of more social life approaches globally is an open question.  I
suspect the odds of not achieving a global commitment to reasonable life
approaches outweighs moving toward Paul's technical nirvana are about 9 to
5.  Still hopeful, but in serious doubt.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-12-01 22:11:24
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Poverty in Brazil, 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Poverty in Brazil, China and
India and in Particular Bihar, India via Next Big Future by
noreply at blogger.com (bw) on 11/29/09
Between them, Brazil, China and India account for half the world?s
poorest people and an even bigger share of those who have escaped
In 1981, 84% of China?s population was below the poverty line of $1.25
a day (in 2005 prices); in 2005 the share was just 16%. Brazil?s share
of those in poverty fell by half from 17% to 8%, an annual reduction of
3.2%. India did least well, cutting the share below the poverty line
from 60% to 42% between 1981 and 2005. This implies an annual reduction
of 1.5% a year, though there are problems with Indian statistics; using
different consumption figures yields an annual reduction of 3%,
comparable to Brazil?s.
Brazil cut poverty by more than India despite much lower growth, just
over 1% a year in 1993-2005, compared with India?s 5%. If you calculate
the rate of poverty reduction for each unit of GDP growth per person,
Brazil did even better than China: the ratio is 4.3 for Brazil, 0.8 for
China and 0.4 for India (0.8 if you use the adjusted consumption
figures). Per unit of growth, Brazil reduced its proportional poverty
rate five times more than China or India did.
Government policy played a big role in reducing inequality. Brazil?s
main cash-transfer programme, called Bolsa Familia, provides help to
11m families, or 60% of all those in the poorest tenth. In contrast,
social security in China is still provided largely through the
enterprise system (ie, companies), so it tends to bypass those not in
work. And government interventions in India are extraordinarily
perverse. People in the poorest fifth are the least likely to have any
kind of ration card (the key to public handouts), whereas the richest
fifth are the most likely to.
India had both growth and social policies, yet did worst because its
policies in fact did rather little to help the poor. With its caste
system, and bad state schools, India may be a more unequal society than
the numbers alone suggest
Bihar, India's Poorest State But Fast Growing Since 2006
The economy of Bihar is largely service oriented, but it also has a
significant agricultural base. The state also has a small industrial
sector. As of 2008, agriculture accounts for 35%, industry 9% and
service 55% of the economy of the state. Manufacturing has performed
very poorly in the state between 2002-2007, with an average growth rate
of 0.38% compared to India's 7.8%. Bihar has the lowest GDP per capita
in India, although there are pockets of higher than the average per
capita income. Between 1999 and 2008, GDP grew by 5.1% a year, which
was below the Indian average of 7.3%. More recently, Bihar's state GDP
recorded a growth of 18% between 2006-2007, and stood at 942510 Crores
Rupees] ($21 billion nominal GDP). This makes Bihar the fastest growing
major state.
The state has a per capita income of $148 a year against India's
average of $997 and 30.6% of the state's population lives below the
poverty line against India's average of 22.15%. However, Bihar's GSDP
grew by 18% over the period 2006-2007, which was higher then in the
past 10 years. Hajipur, near Patna, remains a major industrial town in
the state, linked to the capital city through the Ganga bridge and good
road infrastructure. The level of urbanisation (10.5%) is below the
national average (27.78%); and behind states like Maharastra(42.4%).
Urban poverty in Bihar (32.91%) is above the national average of
23.62%. Also using per capita water supply as a surrogate variable,
Bihar (61 litres per day) is below the national average (142 litres per
day) and that of Maharastra (175 litres per day) in civic amenities.
Bihar is the third most populated state of India with total population
of 82,998,509 (43,243,795 male and 39,754,714 female). Nearly 90 per
cent of Bihar's population lives in rural areas.
The 90% rural situation in Bihar means a massive boost is possible IF
India urbanizs Bihar.
The recent surge in GDP if it held means per capita GDP is up to
$220-250 per cap. Still bad but in the right direction.
Indian view of Bihar: , NK Singh is a Member of Rajya Sabha, Government
of India.
Five factors leading to endemic economic backwardness of Bihar:
1. In the post-independence period, the policy of freight equalisation
did not enable Bihar to derive the advantage of its rich mineral
resources as well as a large growing market. This policy which remained
effective from 1952 to 1993 had serious repercussions in neutralising
Bihar?s comparative factor advantage.
2. Notwithstanding Bihar?s considerable clout in the Central
Government, central investments, (except by Public Sector Undertakings
in what is now Jharkhand), there was little investment North of the
Ganges or in the drought-prone areas in the South of Bihar.
3. The failure to break away from the past in implementing tenurial
land reform changes resulted in excessive social stratification which
prevented both vertical and horizontal mobility. Excessive
preoccupation with caste and even communal factors dominated political
discourse. Successive Governments were not held accountable on indices
of improvement in life quality and other developmental indicators
either in the overall growth achievement or performance of Index of
Human Resource Development.
4. The failure to transit from a feudal-based economy to a
market-oriented economy emphasised value systems which did not
facilitate rapid economic development. This coupled with poor quality
of infrastructure, social indicators and governance quality did not
enable the State to attract meaningful private investment even in areas
of its comparative factor advantage. Poor governance also resulted in
decline of education and health.
5. The political parties in the State failed to secure meaningful
arrangements with Nepal for better harnessing its river and hydro
electric potential. The Kosi and Gandak embankment, the result of
international treaty with Nepal, did bring significant relief to a
large population in North Bihar from the vulnerabilities of floods but
could not convert these transitional arrangements to permanent
These temporary structures have long outlived their expected life span,
and in any case they were designed to be transitional arrangement to be
followed by taming these rivers upstream to harness the irrigation and
hydel potential. These remained unimplemented. Durable infrastructure
wasn?t created to withstand the destruction due to periodic floods and
other vulnerabilities.
During the last four years, the initiatives taken by the Nitish Kumar
Government have concentrated on six factors.
- Improved Governance
- Macro Management
- Human Resources Development
- Emphasis on factor endowments
- Enactment of key legislations to improve climate for private
- Improvement of Infrastructure.
The future of Bihar would depend on five key variables.
1. To what extent fiscal federalism works in a manner which is in line
with the spirit of the constitution? This concerns four components.
The compensatory additional central investment in a State considering
that in the near future private investment will remain shy.
To what extent will the State be enabled to take fuller advantage of
Central investments already made, namely a higher percentage of
allocation from Central power projects? The present agreements are
discriminatory and unequal. These agreements do not enable the State to
secure a fair percentage of the energy produced in the State.
Permitting the development of downstream industries from existing
Central investment, say from the Barauni refinery as well as other
investments which may be in the offing.
A degree of fairness in access to raw material inputs like coal for new
power generating companies necessary to meet the energy deficiency in
the State.
2. The State has to succeed in harnessing its rich water potential
through the optimum utilisation of resources and adoption of new
technology. It?ll prove their comparative factor advantage in
agriculture. The extent to which agricultural productivity can be
enhanced by diversified agriculture practices, creating and
implementing an enabling policy framework.
There is also a broader issue of mitigation and adaptation to Global
Warming and Climate Change. Does it make sense for planners in India to
pursue, say water intensive cultivation in other parts of India which
are water deficient than say North Bihar, where water is abundant? What
special assistance can be given for enabling Bihar to become the food
granary of India?
In Punjab water aquifers have fallen significantly and rice production
may become increasingly more expensive. This is an opportunity for
Bihar to enhance both the production and productivity of its
agriculture even as further research and development is needed to
develop strains and cropping patterns which better factor the
consequences of global warming.
3. To what extent can its very young population be harnessed and
vocational skills imparted to create the ?Missing Middle?. This entails
increasing urbanization very significantly through many more satellite
towns and skill inculcation programme which can provide gainful
employment activities outside agriculture sector, even while
agriculture can gain advantages of externalities in scale instead of an
exclusive reliance on agricultural produces.
4. To what extent can Bihar leverage its political power to create an
enabling international framework on sharing our river basins,
particularly with Nepal for generating irrigation and hydel potential
to optimise the resources of this region.
5. The issue of whether Bihar can rewrite its history, and foster new
green shoots of investments, employment and diversification in its
activity patterns?
All these, of course require continued good governance and stable
policy framework and institutions which can incentivise private
The restoration of Bihar?s lost glory will demonstrate the success of
strategic initiatives and technology can do to one of the most backward
and densely populated regions in India. Unless backward States become
growth drivers, India would find it difficult to grow at 9 per cent. In
some ways the future of India is linked with the future of Bihar.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Next Big Future using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-02 02:02:56
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wikipedia's Community Is at an Inflection Point 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Wikipedia's Community Is at an
Inflection Point via HarvardBusiness.org by Barry Newstead on 12/1/09
Has Wikipedia really peaked as The Wall Street Journal's recent
headline "Volunteers Log Off as Wikipedia Ages" suggests? The data
presented by researchers cited in the article present a good case to
support the headline. However, this is where our ongoing strategy
process with the Wikimedia Foundation comes in. Wikimedia is engaged in
the community's first-ever strategic planning process. The challenge of
participation in the community is a primary thrust of the work. Our
animating question is: what will it take to cultivate, grow and sustain
a strong community to support the next stage of Wikimedia's development?
Let's start by putting some context around the story. First, Wikipedia
today is a remarkable achievement. Craig Newmark, founder of
Craigslist, writes, "[Wikipedia] is an exemplar and test platform for
large-scale, global collaboration. By that I mean large numbers of
people working together for common goals. Wikipedia, in that sense, is
a major advance for all humanity." Second, Wikipedia's readership is
still growing rapidly, at a rate of 19.8% from Sept 2008 ? Sept 2009.
The number of articles also expanded by 36.6%. Third, while the data
indicates a plateau in contributor growth, the data over the past year
indicates that there are 95,000 editors with 5 or more edits per month
and 12,000 editors with over 100 edits per month on all of Wikimedia.
The absolute number of contributors is an important part of the story.
We have been trying to get underneath the data to answer the question
of whether the community is well positioned to take Wikimedia to the
next level. Wikimedia exists as a project in sharing free knowledge,
and contributors are the vital means to that end. As we look forward,
the work of contributors will be to continue to increase the depth and
accuracy of the knowledge available and to add new knowledge from more
diverse sources to the projects. The community is already responding to
the desire for greater depth and accuracy by tightening policies and
generally managing the site more aggressively. The problem is that the
community's response has generated the consequence (unintended, I
think) that it is harder for new contributors to break in and a growing
group of community members are turned off by the bruising nature of
engagement in some areas of Wikimedia. The term "wikilawyering" has
been coined as a protest over the increased reliance on rules and
regulations. This development (while possibly increasing quality)
appears to be undermining the important goal of adding new knowledge
from diverse sources to the projects and may also account for
the "logging off" that the Wall Street Journal points out.
 From discussions over the past weeks with Sue Gardner, the Executive
Director of the Wikimedia Foundation, and a range of community members
and advisers, Wikimedia's community appears to be at an inflection
point. At the heart of the issue is the question of whether this
community is or could become open to heterogeneity, and whether it can
capitalize on differences rather than being inhibited by them. As
Gardner put it: "This is a genuine culture change process that members
within and supporters outside are starting to wrestle with." The
strategy task forces focused on community health and reader conversion
have much work ahead of them to both generate initiatives and then to
help move the community to change.
Craig Newmark describes Wikipedia's work to date as "a first draft of
history." A great second draft of history will require the continued
commitment to excellence of today's contributors in a way that embraces
an array of new contributors.
What do you think about the need for culture change in the Wikimedia
community? What lessons would you share from your experiences about how
other communities have succeeded?
Barry Newstead is a partner at The Bridgespan Group currently
supporting Wikimedia's open strategy process.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to HarvardBusiness.org using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-02 02:04:48
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Smart Cities And The Internet Of Things 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Smart Cities And The Internet
Of Things via Creativity Online - Homepage on 11/30/09
It's not inconceivable to imagine and expect truly smart cities. It's
not inconceivable because it is already being done. By Tali Krakowsky
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Creativity Online - Homepage using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-04 15:29:46
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Nexi: The MDS Sociable Robot 
How long until she is our "peer"?
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Nexi: The MDS Sociable Robot via
Artificial Intelligence and Robotics by Awesom-o on 12/4/09
The MDS robot Nexi, a joint effort by Xitome Design, UMASS Amherst and
the Personal Robotics Group at MIT., explores the spectrum of emotion
in human-robot relations. This is something that has not often been on
the forefront for robot developers, most of whom choose to focus on the
mechanics of movement instead.
As Nexi explains in the video at the end of this post, she (I guess we
can call her a ?she?, judging by the voice) is mobile, dexterous and
sociable. She has a torso, arms and head which she can move around
fairly flawlessly, though is only the size of a three-year-old child.
And for good reason?I don?t think we?re quite ready for a ?grown-up?
version of a robot that can get ?angry and confused? at the world or
its developers.
Nexi demonstrates in the video her ability to display human emotion.
Besides being angry and confused, she can also be bored, sad, excited
and happy. The robot can simulate these emotions by moving her eyebrows
and mouth in a rather convincing manner. Her giant blue eyes help quite
a bit too. Nexi is available for retail sale, but will mostly be used
at universities and laboratories for further research on human-robot
While the MDS robot will provide for an interesting study, scientists
are still quite far from engineering a robot that can not only simulate
these emotions, like Nexi, but also be capable of ?feeling? them. We
are yet to perfect our knowledge on what makes humans tick, so it is
understandable that robot-human relations are still quite superficial.
When you look at the robot making a sad face, however, it doesn?t
really matter whether you know she?s really not feeling that emotion or
not. Superficiality does impact humans more than some are willing to
admit, and Nexi stands as a good testament to that.
Scientific Memory Games: Improve your cognitive abilities.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Artificial Intelligence and Robotics using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-04 20:02:36
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A vaguely passive-aggressive post on commenters 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: A vaguely passive-aggressive
post on commenters via 3quarksdaily by Abbas Raza on 12/3/09
Chris Bertram at Crooked Timber:
Ten types of commenter, of which the last are the rarest.
- The commenter who has not read the post properly, decides they know
what it says anyway, and fires off a series of disgusted observations.
- Commenter who applies the most uncharitable possible interpretation
to the post, and goes straight into rant mode.
- The commenter who takes the opportunity to make some sarcastic
remarks highlighting his (99% of cases are male) own superior
scholarship/intelligence and damning the CT author. ?If only Chris has
read the second treatise of Heinrich von Pumpkin in the original
German, he?d be aware ?.?
- The commenter who uses every comment as a peg on which to hang his
(yes, ?his?) own obsessions about, e.g. analytical philosophy,
populism, Palestine, etc
- The commenter who simply wants to make nasty personal remarks about
the CT author, often about female members of the collective, often
using an alias.
More here.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to 3quarksdaily using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-06 10:24:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the jasecon bottom up cycle 
I wonder if a list like this could be used as a scoring system to evaluate a

@_date: 2009-12-06 16:05:57
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] My favorite open source and free tools for software 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: My favorite open source and
free tools for software development via Balfes.net by Bob Balfe on
It seems this list gets more interesting each year and this year I made
a pretty big change in my ?favorites?. The reason I love this list is
because anyone, even kids, can start to learn programming or software
for free. This includes business programming, graphics, office
automation, game programming, web development, etc. I wish I had these
kinds of tools 20 years ago.
Eclipse and Java
At the top of the list has to be Eclipse, I solely use it for 99% of my
development - even looking at and editing native code for Notes and
Domino. It is by far my most useful tool for all kinds of software
editing. Granted I use it mostly for Java development but with the many
projects you can install into it you can pretty much do any kind of
development. Eclipse is also the base platform under many commercial
products like Lotus Notes, Lotus Expdeditor, Lotus Symphony, and Lotus
This web browser should arguably be at the top of the list. I use it
every single day on all of my computers. I think its the best browser
out there and of course it is free! It has a ton of plugin support and
is a very fast and reliable web browser. I could probably write an post
about my favorite plugins just for this great piece of software.
Lotus Symphony and Open Office
At the start of 2009 I started using Lotus Symphony solely for all of
my work at IBM instead of Microsoft Office. I still use Open Office at
home on my machine and for my kids. They use it for all homework and
other little projects. In short, both of these are great tools and in
my mind a must have for all people and businesses. They can do more
than the 80% of what most people need in an office suite, I would say
it is well above 90% at this point. So if you are paying for an office
suite like Microsoft Office then you are most likely wasting your money.
Graphics editing - GIMP
By far the most popular graphics editing tool on the open market is
GIMP. It is arguably ?better? than PhotoShop and for the price it is
unparalleled. I use to use Paint Shop Pro and Microsofts Image Composer
for the longest time but some time last year I started using GIMP
exclusively for graphics and screen mockups. I still have Image
Composer installed and have used it a few times but I think I will be
uninstalling it shortly.
Remote Desktop - TightVNC
I do use the built in Microsoft Remote Desktop software a lot but many
times I use TightVNC to share between developers or take control of a
customers machine. This is by far the best open source remote desktop
The play list:
Other tools on my list but I don?t necessarily use daily. I play around
a lot and learn from many of these. Either way, these are great things
to share and pass on to people who have interest in software
MySQL - 100% free and open source database. I actually use this on
balfes.net for a few things but that is about it. You can obviously use
it for any relational task.
ImageMagick - great tool where you can convert images between formats
using scripts or your language of choice. If you want to write graphics
applications this library will be key for you.
Audacity - this is an awesome tool for editing audio files. I actually
used this to create ring tones for my old windows mobile phone. This
application also has a lot of plugins available to extend its
Blender - want to write computer games or become a graphics artist for
games and movies? Start with Blender, its an awesome application that
will teach you all of the basics.
Unreal Development Kit - I just started playing with this again this
past year. This is arguably one of the best game engines on the market.
Many 3D based games use this engine. It comes with a world editor, a
script language, and libraries to bind with. You can pretty much create
amazing games and animations with this free kit.
If you are really interested in free software you can check out ?Best
Open Source Software? page, it has a lot of software categorized for
easy browsing.
technorati tags: eclipse, free, Open Source, tools
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Balfes.net using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-07 16:27:24
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bioprinters... 
Organovo Has Its First Commercial
3D Bioprinter
Singularity Hub Dec. 3, 2009
Organovo has developed a research
prototype of a bioprinter capable of
producing very basic tissues like
blood vessels....

@_date: 2009-12-07 23:31:31
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?b?VGljaywgdG9jaywgdGljaywgdG9ja+KApiBCSU5H?= 
Human level computational intelligence.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Tick, tock, tick, tock? BING via
vetta project by Shane Legg on 12/7/09
Am I the only one who, upon hearing the year 2010, imagines some date
far off in the future? I think I felt the same way in the weeks before
2000, so I?m sure it will pass. Anyway, another year has gone, indeed
another decade, and it?s time for my annual review of predictions. You
can find my last annual post here.
It?s been an interesting year in which I?ve been exposed to far more
neuroscience than ever before. What I?ve learnt, plus other news I?ve
absorbed during the year, has helped to clarify my thinking on the
future of AI. First, let?s begin with computer power. I recently gave a
talk at the Gatsby Unit on the singularity in which I used the
following graph showing the estimated LINPACK scores of the fastest
computers over the last 50 years.
The first two points beyond 2010 are for some supercomputers that are
already partly constructed. In the past performance estimates for these
kinds of machines near to their delivery have been reasonably accurate
so I?ve put these on the graph. Rather more speculative is the 2019
data point for the first ExaFLOPS machine. IBM is in discussions about
how to put this machine together based on the technology used in the 20
PetaFLOPS machine due in a year and a bit. Based on articles on
supercomputer sites like top 500, it appears to be a fairly mainstream
opinion that this target should be achievable. Nevertheless, 9 years is
a while away so I?ve marked it in grey.
First observation: just like the people who told me in 1990 that
exponential growth in supercomputer power couldn?t continue for another
decade, the people who told me this in 2000 were again completely
wrong. Ha ha, told you so! So let me make another prediction: for the
next decade this pattern will once again roughly hold, taking us to
about 10^18 FLOPS by 2020.
Second observation: I?ve always been a bit sceptical of Kurzweil?s
claim that computer power growth was double exponential, but I?m now
thinking that there is some evidence for this having spent some time
putting together data for this graph and attempting to compensate for
changes in measurement etc. in the data. That said, I think it?s
unlikely to remain double exponential much longer.
Third observation: it looks like we?re heading towards 10^20 FLOPS
before 2030, even if things slow down a bit from 2020 onwards. That?s
just plain nuts. Let me try to explain just how nuts: 10^20 is about
the number of neurons in all human brains combined. It is also about
the estimated number of grains of sand on all the beaches in the world.
That?s a truly insane number of calculations in 1 second.
Desktop performance is also continuing this trend. I recently saw that
a PC with just two high end graphics cards is around 10^13 FLOPS of
SGEMM performance. I also read a paper recently showing that less
powerful versions of these cards lead to around 100x performance
increases over CPU computation when learning large deep belief networks.
By the way, in case you think the brain is doing weird quantum voodoo:
I had a chat to a quantum physicist here at UCL about the recent claims
that there is some evidence for this. He?d gone through the papers
making these claims with some interest as they touch on topics close to
his area of research. His conclusion was that it?s a lot of bull as
they make assumptions (not backed up with new evidence) in their
analysis that essentially everybody in the field believes to be false,
among other problems.
Conclusion: computer power is unlikely to be the issue anymore in terms
of AGI being possible. The main question is whether we can find the
right algorithms. Of course, with more computer power we have a more
powerful tool with which to hunt for the right algorithms and it also
allows any algorithms we find to be less efficient. Thus growth in
computer power will continue to be an important factor.
Having dealt with computation, now we get to the algorithm side of
things. One of the big things influencing me this year has been
learning about how much we understand about how the brain works, in
particular, how much we know that should be of interest to AGI
designers. I won?t get into it all here, but suffice to say that just a
brief outline of all this information would be a 20 page journal paper
(there is currently a suggestion that I write such a paper next year
with some Gatsby Unit neuroscientists, but for the time being I?ve got
too many other things to attend to). At a high level what we are seeing
in the brain is a fairly sensible looking AGI design. You?ve got
hierarchical temporal abstraction formed for perception and action
combined with more precise timing motor control, with an underlying
system for reinforcement learning. The reinforcement learning system is
essentially a type of temporal difference learning though unfortunately
at the moment there is evidence in favour of actor-critic, Q-learning
and also Sarsa type mechanisms ? this picture should clear up in the
next year or so. The system contains a long list of features that you
might expect to see in a sophisticated reinforcement learner such as
pseudo rewards for informative queues, inverse reward computations,
uncertainty and environmental change modelling, dual model based and
model free modes of operation, things to monitor context, it even seems
to have mechanisms that reward the development of conceptual knowledge.
When I ask leading experts in the field whether we will understand
reinforcement learning in the human brain within ten years, the answer
I get back is ?yes, in fact we already have a pretty good idea how it
works and our knowledge is developing rapidly.?
The really tough nut to crack will be how the cortical system works.
There is a lot of effort going into this, but based on what I?ve seen,
it?s hard to say just how much real progress is being made. From the
experimental neuroscience side of things we will soon have much more
detailed wiring information, though this information by itself is not
all that enlightening. What would be more useful is to be able to
observe the cortex in action and at the moment our ability to do this
is limited. Moreover, even if we could, we would still most likely have
a major challenge ahead of us to try to come up with a useful
conceptual understanding of what is going on. Thus I suspect that for
the next 5 years, and probably longer, neuroscientists working on
understanding cortex aren?t going to be of much use to AGI efforts. My
guess is that sometime in the next 10 years developments in deep belief
networks, temporal graphical models, liquid computation models, slow
feature analysis etc. will produce sufficiently powerful hierarchical
temporal generative models to essentially fill the role of cortex
within an AGI. I hope to spend most of next year looking at this so in
my next yearly update I should have a clearer picture of how things are
progressing in this area.
Right, so my prediction for the last 10 years has been for roughly
human level AGI in the year 2025 (though I also predict that sceptics
will deny that it?s happened when it does!) This year I?ve tried to
come up with something a bit more precise. In doing so what I?ve found
is that while my mode is about 2025, my expected value is actually a
bit higher at 2028. This is not because I?ve become more pessimistic
during the year, rather it?s because this time I?ve tried to quantify
my beliefs more systematically and found that the probability I assign
between 2030 and 2040 drags the expectation up. Perhaps more useful is
my 90% credibility region, which from my current belief distribution
comes out at 2018 to 2036.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to vetta project using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-07 23:35:52
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Pushing Reset on Sustainable Development 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Pushing Reset on Sustainable
Development via Worldchanging: Bright Green by Alan AtKisson on 12/7/09
Essay originally submitted to the "Conclave of Thought Leaders on the
Future of Sustainable Development," United Nations Division for
Sustainable Development, New York, 11-12 May 2009; Updated 6 October
In Fall 2009, when the scale and magnitude of the world's economic
meltdown began to settle in, I posted the following update to Twitter
(which was automatically copied to my Facebook page):
Alan AtKisson is wondering how to continue accelerating sustainable
development in an era of financial collapse.
Responses posted to my Facebook wall (apologies to readers who do not
know that I am referring to short text messages published on popular
social networking websites) and by email were uniformly optimistic.
Corporate sustainability champions, university leaders, and other
consultants all said the same thing: "This is the best opportunity for
advancing sustainability that we've ever had."
The collapse, went the implied thinking, would make it more evident
that a massive overhaul was necessary in our use of energy and
materials, our treatment of the world's poor, the perverse incentives
in our economic models, etc. Everywhere one looked, someone
was "pushing the reset button" on everything from diplomatic relations
between countries to the structure of the global financial system. Now,
finally, the envisioned transformation to sustainability would
inevitably occur.
Time has marched on since then, and while there are obvious encouraging
signs of change, the case for unbridled optimism about a rapid
sustainability transformation has become more difficult to make. The
Obama Era was officially launched with its eco-friendly politics and
even a White House organic garden -- though the garden immediately came
under public relations attack by the chemical industry. More
importantly, the new Obama Administration hurried to reestablish a
privileged, instead of an embattled and diminished, role for science in
public policy making, and to effect the restitution of the rule of law
where it was deeply frayed, including the observance of international
agreements such as the Geneva Convention. (The mere fact that such
restitution was genuinely necessary still weighs heavy.)
These were American moments, but they were emblematic of a global
mood. "Yes, we can" was the Obama phrase snapped up by center, left and
right, around the world. Massive funds were committed to restart the
global economy, and all our most prominent and powerful leaders -- the
words of U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton are typical --
dedicated all their energies to "get growth going again."
Meanwhile, aid-dependent sustainable development programs in the
world's poorer countries began preparing for an era of greatly reduced
generosity. Natural systems remained harder pressed than ever, in
virtually every way they could be measured, and environmental
protection budgets could hardly expect increasing attention when the
jobless were marching in the streets or taking their former bosses
hostage. At a much smaller (and certainly much less tragic) scale of
indicator, sustainability officers and consultants were among the first
to look into their options as they joined the swelling ranks of the un-
or underemployed.
As of late-2009, despite some interesting new developments in the
global dialogue, the "global reset" still does not look uniformly
positive for sustainability-as-usual. Can it be that sustainable
development itself requires a reset?
Redefining "Reset"
Computers and video games have so permeated industrial consciousness
that even the statements of CEOs (Jeffrey Immelt of GE, writing about
capitalism and the world economy in his introduction to GE's 2008
Annual Report, published in 2009) and top diplomats (Hillary Clinton,
describing relations with Russia in early 2009) grabbed onto this
all-pervasive metaphor. What does "reset" mean?
Wikipedia (the free, crowd-sourced, internet-based encyclopedia)
defines it this way: "to clear any pending errors or events and bring a
system to normal condition or initial state usually in a controlled
We can see immediately that "reset," at least in its original computing
sense, is an inappropriate metaphor for our times. With the combination
of financial collapse, climate change urgency, shaky geopolitical
security, and weakening ecosystems, it will be quite impossible
to "bring the [world] system to normal condition or initial state" in
any manner whatsoever, much less a controlled one, in the foreseeable
future. There is no going back to a previous, apparently more stable
situation: that situation was, in fact, the cause of our current
So, if we are to continue using the "reset" metaphor, we must redefine
it. Let us say that it should mean truly starting afresh -- but
starting from where we are, taking a hard look at current conditions
and emerging trends, and setting a new and very different course that
is more likely to lead to the positive outcomes that (most of) the
world aspires to.
Here is a proposition: if the world is indeed in "reset" mode,
involving the transformation of many core institutions, policy
envelopes, and ways of structuring the collective game we call
the "global economy," then sustainable development must hit the "reset"
button as well. It needs a fresh start if it is to be meaningful and
effective in this increasingly different and difficult world. But a
fresh start compared to what?
Rethinking "Mainstream"
For the past twenty years, sustainability and sustainable development
work (there is a difference, we will come back to it) have been
pursuing a pathway of increasing professionalism and mainstreaming.
Sustainability has sought ? with apparent success ?to place itself
nearer and nearer to where fundamental decisions are made. Efforts to
promote integrated indicators and assessment in the 1990s evolved into
processes like the Global Reporting Initiative and Corporate Social
Responsibility, and finally into strategic investment, green product
development, and even the building of whole "eco-cities." Institutions
and governments have whole departments of sustainability. Corporate
leaders, especially, have moved dramatically to embrace the family of
concepts that place their operations in a more positive ethical light.
Sustainability proponents achieved this remarkable advance by embracing
two fundamental strategic principles:
1. Significant changes are necessary to safeguard the future and to
prevent calamitous loss or collapse in critical environmental and
social systems.
2. These changes are wholly compatible with mainstream planning,
management, and market-based investment processes, and will lead to
new, more effective, and more profitable ways of doing business in
every sector.
Principle 1 remains truer than ever. I submit, however, that in a reset
world, Principle 2 is no longer tenable.
First, and most obviously, the rules of the game for business and
management are in a process of real-time, continuous revision. While
optimism is a strategic necessity for the world's political leaders,
the reality is that they are making the global recovery up as they go
along, by trial and error; and the odds are that the trials will
continue, probably for years, before a new equilibrium is reached in
the structure and function of the world's economy. New global powers
like China, newly empowered protest movements, and the thrashings of
the old guard are all demanding to have a greater say, and will
continue to do so. Much of what was once "mainstream" in business,
financial, and government practice has become obsolete; and much of how
sustainability is professionally practiced is likely to require
adaptation or reinvention, along with the rest of the management
machinery in our world.
Second, and more controversially, it may be that several of the core
aims of sustainable development will be finally shown to be in
irreconcilable opposition to the aims of the predominant global
economic machine -- and that an over-reliance on economic instruments
and arguments is therefore an inadequate, even dangerous way forward.
The world's governments have, after all, shifted into hyperactive
efforts to restart the consumption-based economy. Yes, the Stiglitz
Commission has discovered, at long last, that the Gross Domestic
Product is "an inadequate metric to gauge well-being over time." Yes,
there are greatly enhanced efforts to build cleaner and more efficient
cars, and expand the production of renewable energy. Many continue to
see this as the great Moment of Opportunity, when the chaos of collapse
opens wide the door for innovations that previously were reduced to
pushing and squeezing their way through the small cracks opened by
corporate CSR programs, the Clean Development Mechanism, and similar
real, but symbolically small-scaled, nods to social and environmental
But as trillions of dollars are electronically printed and mobilized,
it must be observed that the great majority of gears that they are
aimed at restarting are not particularly green, humane, or just. They
are the gears of GDP-measured economic-growth-as-usual. One may easily
be blinded by the new funds going into building windmills, or the
restructuring of car companies around more efficient models (the demise
of vehicles like the Hummer certainly looked to many like the righteous
judgment that will be meted out to sinful souls during the Last Days).
Fundamentally, we are still watching a mad scramble to get people back
into the shopping malls and charter-trip aircraft of the world.
"Reset" is Radical
This global effort to push "reset" in its original computer-based
definition (a controlled return to pre-disturbance normalcy) continues
largely unchallenged, even as the visible disturbances and anomalies
continue to proliferate. The painfully obvious mismatch of unfolding
events with inadequate responses should, one notes ruefully, have been
sufficient to call the reset-to-normal project into question; instead,
the world watched heads of state debate the merits of exorbitant bonus
pay for bankers. One might assume in the face of such spectacle that
efforts to push for a more radical version of reset are fated to be
ineffectual, at least until the world suffers a far more catastrophic
meltdown in the global nexus among economic markets, fiscal policy,
geopolitics, and our planet's ever-weakening ecosystems. There is,
however, much else at play in the world system that one can, and
should, point toward in pushing for a more fearless diagnosis and a
more innovative and ambitious set of prescriptions -- the kind of
diagnosis and prescription that is (or should be) sustainability's
stock in trade.
For example, there is a growing consensus among many opinion leaders
that the global targets set as the expression of the world's
sustainability ambitions -- e.g. most prominently the Millennium
Development Goals (MDGs), and the various greenhouse gas emission
reduction targets (certainly the old Kyoto numbers, and probably the
new Copenhagen ones) -- are not going to be met. With regard to
climate, this observation is hardly controversial. With regard to the
MDGs, there remains some hesitancy to speak out: one does not wish to
poison the well of motivation with pessimism.
Despite the foresight some now claim to have had, the MDGs were
never "unmeetable" in any fundamental sense; we simply have not taken
the actions and made the investments sufficient to meet them. Nor were
these goals unrealistic in the first place; indeed, they were not
terribly ambitious.
True sustainable development, most would concede, is not to be measured
in halving the world's poverty or modestly reducing greenhouse
emissions, but in the elimination of poverty and the causes of
anthropogenic climate disturbance altogether. Goals like these are
usually not articulated in the world's centrally important public fora
for fear of being seen as infeasible or overly idealistic. "Realism,"
which has become nearly a synonym for fatalism, rules.
Meanwhile, while there are glimmers of progress in important
dimensions, some of that progress is illusory and masks a decline, not
an improvement, in the conditions of peoples and their countries. On a
visit to Nairobi in April 2009, I read in the daily newspapers that the
rapid improvement in gender balance in that nation's school system
(from 54/46 male/female just a few years ago, to 50/50 today) is not
the result of successful policies or cultural changes. It is the result
of thousands of young, poor teenage boys leaving school and joining the
Mungiki sect, a mafia-like quasi-religious movement making daily
headlines with horrific acts of violence, and a regime of protection
rackets that have poisoned the politics of Kenya's country towns
(beheadings are the Mungiki sect's preferred form of enforcement). The
girls of Kenya are now "more equal" because the boys, unable to see the
future in education, are abandoning the schools. A seeming contribution
to the MDGs is in fact a terribly worrying leading indicator of decline
in economic and social stability.
Similarly, progress of "cap-and-trade" legislation through the United
States Congress -- hailed as an historic breakthrough, and an exciting
reversal of policy after years of high-level scientific censorship in
America -- is not likely to bring more than a somewhat less awful
emissions future for the country. James Hansen, the NASA scientist
whose willingness to be out in front on raising the alarm on global
warming has unfortunately been justified by two decades of observed
data, calls cap-and-trade "worshipping at the temple of doom." He warns
that it will "lock in disasters for our children and grandchildren."
Once again, progress may in fact be regress in disguise.
Finally, it may in fact be highly problematic that sustainable
development has become so mainstream. While I am an avid and public
defender of the term "sustainable development" against all comers, it
is also the case that this mainstreaming has generally proceeded within
the framework of the dominant economic paradigm which, to say the
least, deserves to be inspected more closely for design flaws. There
may in fact be ways in which the most common forms of sustainable
development practice itself -- incrementalist, conservative,
market-privileging -- are contributing now to the kinds of
progress/regress illusion-making described above. In many contexts, it
might be masking the fact that the things that matter are getting
worse; or, it may in fact be making them worse.
At this juncture, a revisiting of definitions is in order. Sustainable
development is the practice of aiming development toward
sustainability. At least, that is what it should be -- and what it so
often is not.
Sustainability is a system state that can be fairly easily defined and
even quantitatively described for a vast array of ecological, economic,
and social systems. Skyrocketing crime rates are not sustainable;
social and economic development grinds to a halt or reverses. Decaying
ecosystems are not sustainable; water sources disappear and previously
free ecosystem services (e.g. pollination) start costing measurable
money. Ever-increasing leverage in the global financial system is not
sustainable; it leads inevitably to instabilities and crashes. (This
has recently been shown to be the case in complex simulation modeling
of the global economy, an after-the-fact theoretical explanation for
what seemed obvious when it was actually happening.) Analyzes of this
type are now elementary, and easily supported by reams of research.
And yet, one is often hard-pressed to find this elementary
understanding of sustainability's absolute requirements in the context
of sustainable development initiatives. The problem with sustainable
development is that it has not been properly coupled to its actual
goal: the achievement and maintenance of sustainability in every major
system on which the health, well-being, and stability of our world
(human and natural) depends.
Reset Means Putting More Sustainability Into Sustainable Development
Because sustainability is an idealized or at least optimal system
state, it can and ought to be a powerful global driver for more
ambitious and accelerated change, and more honestly defined standards
of achievement. Why is setting ambitious goals still seen as
controversial in the context of global agenda-setting? After all, even
Toyota markets itself with the aid of "zero emissions" as a vision
(though its car fleet is far from being zero emissions in actual fact).
It is standard practice in corporate management to strive for
perfection, for zero defects, for the best possible performance. The
most successful companies are often distinguished by this practice, and
management literature is full of such exhortations. Why is excellence
and idealism not more clearly embraced and promoted by those pushing
for the attainment of the world's most urgent goals?
I propose an explanation: excellence and idealism in sustainable
development lead us inevitably to a confrontation with business,
government, and economics as usual. The goal of sustainability carries
with it an imperative to go beyond incremental improvements, and to
consider transformative changes in the deeper structures of these
systems -- changes that are very likely necessary to achieve our most
urgent goals.
Professionals in the practice of sustainable development have a special
ethical obligation to act as advocates for sustainability. This ironic
but all-too-necessary plea involves standing up for those system
conditions that we know, via current research as well as the
observations of history, to be sustainable. It also involves not shying
away from the imperative of transformative change, if that is what
sustainability requires.
This obligation includes, among other things, speaking out more
strongly for values, and methods of valuation, that are not limited by
neo-classical economics and methods of monetization. A climate-neutral
economy ... a world free from hunger and poverty ... all children
afforded the education and other essentials promised to them in the
Universal Declaration of Human Rights ... these things cannot be
achieved through Clean Development Mechanisms and other market-based
instruments alone. They must also be achieved by ethical commitment, by
social change, by building public understanding and willingness to
sacrifice (in the sense of undergo wrenching transitions) for the
greater good, the good of future generations, and the health of
planetary ecosystems.
When the world's markets have failed so miserably even to deliver on a
rather narrow band of materialistic promises, we cannot continue to
pretend that those same, now rickety, markets can still be hitched to
the wagon of sustainable development and prove adequate to make the
It is not that the economics is unimportant. There remains, to be sure,
a centrally important place for markets and market mechanisms in the
pursuit of sustainability goals. It is simply that these kinds of
instruments, and the mindsets behind them, have increasingly been
allowed to hog that central position. And when singing solo, they sing
false. Their voices lead us astray. This is part of what reset means:
for sustainable development to have any chance of producing actual
sustainability, the spotlight must widen to shine on a much broader
array of approaches and motivations, which can in turn mobilize a much
wider array of forces for positive change. The solo voice of economics
must be joined by the strong voices of social and natural science,
principled political leadership, idealistic citizen activism, cultural
questioning of consumerist habits and values, and much more.
This change should be seen as a corrective to the earlier strategic
success of the sustainability movement. In the early 1990s, I was one
of the many people who urged professional environmentalists to learn
the language of economics. By framing sustainability ideas in economic
and incrementalist terms, went our reasoning, the perceived relevance
and acceptability of these ideas would be increased. That strategy
succeeded, but the pendulum has now swung as far as we dare let it. I
believe that the theorists and especially the practitioners of
sustainable development are now called upon to speak, and act, in ways
that reflect a more holistic, more principled, and much more ambitious
view of what sustainability requires. And how to achieve it. And why.
Which brings us back to the word "reset". The origins of sustainability
as a concept, and sustainable development as a practice, can be found
in ground-breaking studies from decades ago, such as
The Limits to Growth (1972) -- a book which suffered the scathing
attack of economists for most of its history, but which was recently
lifted up by no less than the front page of The Wall Street Journal (as
well as some of its former economic critics) as both prescient and
urgently relevant. If we continue down this path, we will come to
catastrophe, warned the authors of books like Limits, thereby earning
scorn and derision and dismissal as modern "Cassandras"
and "Neo-Malthusians." But their uncompromising look at what the
requirements of sustainability would be in an industrialized world, and
their willingness to speak clearly about it, were matched by a second,
more optimistic, and more helpful message which was largely ignored by
their critics: We can change, and we must. But we will not change
enough if we rely exclusively on the steerage of economics as currently
practiced. That message is more relevant today than it has ever been.
Perhaps the word "reset" -- a return to an original state, in this case
the origins of our understanding of sustainable development, in terms
of both systems science and social change -- is the right metaphor
after all.
References and Reading List
Cho, Adrian. "Leverage: The Root of All Financial Turmoil," Science, 24
April 2009, pp. 452-453.
Clinton, Hillary. "Secretary Clinton?s Interview with Reporters
Previewing Asia Trip," 13 Feb 2009, Interview Transcript.
Immelt, Jeffrey. Introductory letter, 2008 Annual Report: We Are GE.
Lahart, Justin, Patrick Barta, and Andrew Batson. "New Limits to Growth
Revive Malthusian Fears," Wall Street Journal, 24 March 2008, page A1.
Meadow, Donella H., Dennis Meadows, and J?rgen Randers. Limits to
Growth: The Thirty-Year Update, Chelsea Green Pub., 2004.
Snyder, Jim. "First Lady's organic garden concerns chemical firms," The
Hill, 9 April 2009.
Stiglitz, Joseph E., Amartya Sen, and Jean-Paul Fitoussi. "Report by
the Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social
Progress," 2009.
United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs -
IRIN. 'AFRICA: "Crisis upon crisis" for poor countries,' 7 May 2009.
World Bank. Global Monitoring Report 2009: A Development Emergency,
Washington, 2009.
This piece was originally published by The Pardee Center
Comments for Alan AtKisson can be sent to:
Image credit: Grace*c*
Help us change the world - DONATE NOW!
(Posted by Alan AtKisson in Features at 11:18 AM)
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Worldchanging: Bright Green using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-08 05:52:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I'm told printing flesh is increasingly possible...there are prototypes.
Instead of ink, we may soon have amino acids and proteins in jars attached
to printers.
The times they are a-changin'.
I have been a skeptic on the rapid AGI/robotics stuff until this year when
the trend lines clearly show major change.  MIT launched a 20 person
(faculty) AI/robotics program this week to re-found AI. I hear money is
starting to flow as people smell the prospects.
On Mon, Dec 7, 2009 at 9:36 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-12-08 08:20:04
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bruce E. Levine: Are Americans Too Broken for 
My own experience on this topic (mostly with governments and with broken
businesses) is that each case is highly specialized...and rules aren't
of much use.  In general, self-esteem is essential to both individuals and
organizations to achieve productivity.  P2P assumes self-esteem to some
extent...like any individualist philosophy.  In reality, we need slow
careful processes to build and maintain self esteem.  In much of Europe and
Asia, strong cultural norms set these tones.  In more diverse places,
cultural norms do not work as well.  People need civil society organs to
help them survive the normal everyday crises that strike us all, but that
only the stonger ones survive and flourish through.
State socialism excludes the prospect of self-esteem.  The self's identity
is melded into the state...or society...as with China under Mao.  A
professor-friend of mind was recently in China and asked numerous people
what the greatest change has been in 20 years...almost all said the rise of
individualism.  This was ironic, my friend felt, because it was obvious
there was virtually no individualism by Western standards.  But by Chinese
standards, individualism has exploded.  People literally have an individual
identity.  That is new there.
I think it is fair to say that individualism is strongest globally in the
US...and most prominent amongst the economically strong.  It is also fair to
say that in some ways the US is broken.  To return self-esteem and capacity
to the bottom, some socialization process (as happened with the New Deal and
with Civil Rights) will become necessary to maintain social stability;
therefore, it will happen.  It may be that P2P systems could fulfull that
role, but only if they organize as a true net of civil society entities
rather than as fragmented little causes.
The trouble is that we are moving toward highly complex intervention
scenarios that require lengthy individualized treatments.  It may be the
case that P2P thus becomes an enabling method to help the weaker persons
gain some strength through participation in non-economic non-threatening
systems that are not handled as government hand-outs...which I generally see
as dependency-sponsoring...essentially like an addictive drug.  There is
nothing morally wrong with social programmes...what is morally wrong is
social programmes that create addicts.   Hence the TANF reforms in the US
with strict time limits, etc.  These often fail at the margins because
individual cases are too difficult to manage.  I can imagine small P2P
social organizations helping people get situated and then building their
self-esteem and capacity...from the bottom.  In essence, this is like
Alcoholics Anonymous, etc. as P2P entities.
The sorts of entities described in another list email on traits of a P2P
community need to rope together to create the sort of safety net referral
infrastructure to support the weaker persons of society who are getting
crushed by capitalism's melting and iceberg fragments.  The trouble with
spontaneous organization is that it seems to defy the usual paths of
leadership-driven formation.  Do we simply sit by and hope P2P happens and

@_date: 2009-12-08 12:40:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Personally, I have no doubts about global warming and the catastrophe that
it is.  I tend to agree with you that the end of labor is understated by
comparison...but a real prospect.  The transitions to both will be
We cannot yet imagine being replaced mentally and physically--it is beyond
our belief...even the most sci-fi of us.  More importantly, I'm sure if you
asked most leading scientists how they would feel about having a presence in
their lab or operating room that made them subordinate, they would be less
than thrilled.  That question so far has only been posed to those who turn
wrenches--and with similar results.
Part of the new MIT initative is to focus on brain co-processors so as to
minimize the threat to humans contemplating their research.  The end results
quickly become the same.  Even if you walk around "knowing" everything there
is in Wikipedia...or a machine can use that information as a human, the
differences are pretty minimal.
It seems that about 20 years from now...2030...is the real crux of so many
things.  Growing organs on plates, AGI in AI, solving aging, robotics
of post-human agility and capability.  If I were a futurist, that would be
my target year--2030.  Hope I get to see it.  As absurd as it would have
seemed to me just last year, I am with you...the world as we know it ends by
2030 in terms of medicine, labor, aging, AI.  If I had to guess, the most
transformative culture will be Japan...they have the real social barriers
while having the social discipline to change...and thus will embrace the
change first.

@_date: 2009-12-08 12:51:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The bigger picture on health care (was Re: NY 
I also agree the P2P medicine is underdone...protocols...models...modes of
getting data...we aren't moving very fast!

@_date: 2009-12-09 00:43:54
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Role of Social Stock Exchanges 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Role of Social Stock
Exchanges via Tactical Philanthropy by Sean Stannard-Stockton on 12/8/09
This is a guest post from Alex Rossides, the founder of Growth
Philanthropy Network, the organization behind the Social Impact
Exchange. Alex?s post is a follow up to my post last week profiling the
Exchange and my post yesterday envisioning the future of social stock
exchanges in the year 2033.
By Alex Rossides
Thanks to Sean for envisioning the future of social stock exchanges and
for his recent write-up regarding the Social Impact Exchange as an
early form of such exchanges, developed in partnership with Duke
University and Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.
Sean helped clarify a key difference between for-profit stock exchanges
and social exchanges ? in the social sector there is no price per share
and stock is not exchanging hands. But, the broader analogy holds of an
exchange that matches buyers and sellers i.e. investor and nonprofit
organizations with an explicit promise of standards and transparency.
Exchanges in the for profit sector are the focal points for capital
marketplaces. One primary function of stock exchanges is to enable the
efficient flow of capital to growing companies so they can finance
their economic activity. The social sector does not currently have
exchanges to enable a more efficient transfer of capital to scaling
nonprofits to finance their social initiatives.
As Sean pointed out, the member-driven Social Impact Exchange is
designed in part to help play this role in the area of growth capital.
It has a number of collaborative funding venues to connect high-impact,
growing nonprofits to funders, based on transparent investor
information, such as its online investment platform, National
Investment Fair and Business Plan Competition to be held at its June
2010 Conference.
The Exchange is designed however to facilitate the exchange of more
than just dollars. Its two other equally important goals are to (1)
serve as a learning community and forum to develop and share knowledge
on scaling, and (2) serve as a common ground where members can help
build the field of scaling together. The focus on more than capital is
an example of how the unique qualities of the social sector may help
create social stock exchanges in the future that differ from their
brethren in the for-profit sector in ways that could be better suited
to the goals of social progress.
In the social sector, exchanges can be built with a focus on
collaboration and networks that compound our learning, magnify our
financing and accelerate the development of marketplaces that drive
social progress. Exchanges can become true community resources, that
provide opportunities to jointly build necessary field infrastructure
and enable organizations across the sector to work together to solve
our toughest social problems. They can combine the action oriented
transactional nature of exchanges, with joint knowledge and
infrastructure building to create social sector marketplaces.
The Social Impact Exchange is an early attempt to do just that. Its
structure consists of working groups where members can work together on
important field initiatives such as developing investment standards for
scaling organizations, supporting the work of growth intermediaries,
identifying models that work in different issues, sharing knowledge,
and creating new products and distribution channels for scaling which
the field can leverage. It is designed to be a cross-sector initiative
so that we all have a hand in creating a more effective marketplace for
financing positive social change.
Social stock exchanges, whether they are local, national, international
or issue based, hold the great promise of combining collaborative,
mission driven activities with marketplace structures to enable
philanthropic capital to flow towards its greatest good. By 2033 let us
hope that philanthropic capital distribution will be more results
driven, based upon quality due diligence and business planning, better
financial reporting, greater transparency, shared standards and
enhanced accountability.
But, by 2033 social stock exchanges could also be nexus points for
marketplaces where large numbers of funders aggregate to find
high-quality organizations that they collaboratively fund in amounts
large enough for nonprofits to execute multi-year strategies. They
could be environments where business models of capital and information
intermediaries thrive because they can more effectively broker capital
rounds and information services, and where nonprofits that qualify can
finally attract capital efficiently in one place based on the impact of
their work.
To get there will be hard work and slower than we?d all like, but by
working together we have an opportunity to realize a vision that
enables us to make progress on our most difficult social problems and
hopefully improve the lives of millions of individuals.
Tweet This Post
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Tactical Philanthropy using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-09 01:29:51
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Next Open Source Revolution: The Democratization 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Next Open Source
Revolution: The Democratization of BPM - Miguel Valdes Faura,
LinuxInsider via Techno-News Blog by Ray on 12/8/09
Radical change is coming to the enterprise software world. Open source
BPM is poised to "democratize" business process management by
delivering intuitive, powerful, user-friendly, affordable solutions to
customers not served, nor likely to be served, by expensive, complex
proprietary BPM applications.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Techno-News Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-09 07:27:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Tick, tock, tick, tock? BING 
The denial group is winning for two reasons:
1. On the right, it is an issue that threatens radical change to the status
quo that requires national and international coordination...in short,
effective government.  That is something the right cannot and will not admit
2. On the left, there is a demand for clear science so as to move things to
a purely technocratic dialogue.  In short, the greens don't want to argue
politics, they want to argue fact.  Such clear and compelling analysis is
unlikely for a vast topic.  No one can futurize the warming accurately.  The
models simply aren't there.  I think there is even a less helpful element of
the left that is hoping for collapses so as to advance the prospect of
catalyzed change.  Again, a destructive and naive view, but one I think is
quite popular.  I have even heard of protest plans for Copenhagen from the
left.  Bizarre.  By denying normal politics, they make themselves friends of
their enemies.
I am generally sympathetic to point 2 but it is bad politics and is
contributing to a collapse that plays into the hands of the right...as the
naive left so often does.  It looks like Europe is going to lead on this in
Copenhagen thanks to the hope of Labour in the UK of making it their new
defining political issue.  20% cuts from 1990 carbon levels would be a major
goal and an achievement...especially if targeted within 6 months for a start
as law.

@_date: 2009-12-09 16:21:26
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
It is definitely gestalt-ish.  But if there was one overriding factor, it is
the fact that pools of labor are starting to develop in very libertarian
nations (e.g. the US) where there is little or no hope of economically
meaninful use of their skills.  That is, the system cannot find a way to do
something useful with these folks (in systemic terms of useful).
I expect that number to reach 20-40% of most industrialized societies fairly
shortly.  If capitalism continues, they'll either become a state burden or
will be somehow disposed of.  This has been the case with the 3rd world
where bodies have largely been warehoused.  Now it is happening even when
people have an attractive passport.
In my opinion, much of the current housing and consumption bubble is driven
by segments of society who realize, in the long run, they have no economic
meaning to the system.  That number will increase...I watch it increase all
the time.  We simply cannot keep pace with the skill demands of the modern
world.  We don't wish to be poor.  Therefore, you either need new rules or
mass slaughters.  I'm not convinced mass slaughter isn't the outcome...it
often has been in the past, but we've reached a point where we are going to
have large and growing classes who cannot participate meaningfully in the

@_date: 2009-12-10 08:16:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I have followed Marshall Brain's efforts on the web for a number of years.
I note your enthusiasm and will read some of the links.  I agree largely
with what follows...

@_date: 2009-12-10 08:35:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Structural Unemployment... round #3527 
These are Misian versus utilitarian arguments.  That sort of market
utilitarianism isn't going to get much of a response here.  People feel it
is simply silly to keep refuting these things...rather like continually
refuting global warming skeptics and evolution skeptics.
The actual utilitarians would easily be with the P2P advocates I strongly
suspect...especially J.S. Mill.  The libertarians and Marxists who
bastardized Mill would be our enemies...always will be.  One side is blinded
by "markets" the other "equality."  Both are lies.

@_date: 2009-12-10 10:47:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Structural Unemployment... round #3527 
Totally agree P2P activism doesn't need to be based in any sort of belief in
imminent doom.  Far from it.
But P2P theory is informed by structural evolutions of society.  Looking out
20-50 years these are split typically between utopian and dystopian
Not many people who are serious about the future (I'm not sure if I'd put
Rifkin in that camp or not...he seems more a salesman than a futurist...sort
of like Faith Popcorn or Al Gore) see things contining as now.
Will 2030 be more or less different from 2010 than 1990?  If one goes back
to 1990, most of the major issues on the agenda today were not prominent
issues then.  If one buys into social acceleration, we begin to see 2050 as
very different from now compared to 1970.  I remember 1970 quite well...3
television channels, no computers, 35 cent gas, no knowledge of genetics,
robotics or nanotechnology to speak of...etc.  I also remember 1990
extremely well.  And I would say that now is incredibly different...though
significantly similar as well.
My guess is that 2030 will look quite different from 2010.  If repealing the
minimum wage is our big idea for response, I doubt we'll be up to the
Many on this list will live to 2050...a very different world from now.
People are on this list I think because they care about what 2050 looks
like...and 2030.

@_date: 2009-12-10 21:07:11
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Protofarm 2050 Speculates On The Future Of Farming 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Protofarm 2050 Speculates On
The Future Of Farming via PSFK by Kyle Studstill on 12/9/09
The Protofarm 2050 project explores the broad possible futures of
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to PSFK using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-11 08:02:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I disagree completely.  Productivity has been wiping out jobs for some
time.  Whether the variable term "robotics" has any meaning on the topic is
debatable, but not so much in Detroit.  Robotics in the AGI sense is still
10-20 years off.  I can say that in my field, workforce development, it
isn't even controversial.  There is less work than there is economic
capacity to do it.  Always has been...and it is getting worse.  It will get
much worse.
Our workforce here has exploded with unskilled labor in areas like house
helpers.  But people don't want them...just as they didn't in South Africa
when I was there.  Do you think people will choose a human who carries
germs, has an attitude, needs help when sick, etc. to load their washing
machine when they can spend 10,000 USD for a robot to do it?  It won't be
close.  People will always choose automation...just as businesses have.
Automation doesn't form unions, doesn't call in sick, doesn't need
retraining, and has a consistent measureable level of quality and output
that can generally be improved.
The more basic and simple problem is that people cannot consume what we can
make under any economic model that makes even the remotest sense in market
terms.  It is, I believe, why we have invented the super-rich again.  Their
capacity to consume and waste is simply necessary for capital to work.
Just look at farming where one or 2% of the population over-produces demand
easily...and 2% is down from 90%.  Imagine industrialized production coming
online in Africa which is far more fertile and has much longer and better
growing seasons than nearby Europe.
Why would that change in other fields?  The real controversy is that people
thought there was infinite economic demand.  There isn't.  Japan is proving
that decisively...2x their GDP in stimulus has pushed a rope.  There is no
uptake.  Even with the explosive consumerism in Europe and the US in recent
years, there is no prospect of ever really de-leveraging consumer and small
business debt (certainly not in our lifetimes).  Thus demand will again be
stagnant for at least 10-30 years.  It was the libertarian market guys who
got the world wholly wrong.  They destroyed us.
Even still, we deliberately kept the developing world developing so as to
avoid their labor influx to a low-demand world.  Now we have the technology
to improve productivity without unskilled labor.
If you wish to starve in the future, have skills that have no economic
meaning.  Your choice.  Governments are no longer able to carry the weak.
So, we are essentially returning to something like Russia in 1916.  There
are vast numbers of useless people.  Something must be done...either they
gain power (which has never worked before) or they are eliminated (which is
gruesome but works) or there is a third way.  I vote for the third way...
The end of any project of scarcity is always increasing scarcity and social
collapse.  With technology and market knowledge, it is impossible to
maintain scarcity in balance with workforce at a level that maintains social
stability.  Thus, abundance theory isn't an interesting take on information
fields, it is an essential political philosophy of the future that breaks
with the now long-obsolete thoughts of the 19th and 18th centuries.

@_date: 2009-12-11 08:30:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Tick, tock, tick, tock? BING 
This is exactly how I characterize the same argument.  I am right because
you don't know every fact.  It is a destructive mode of argument...very
dangerous when supporting a status quo that people wish to maintain.
Either climate change or the end of labor would be World War level issues
for leaders to deal with.  The perfect storm is arising with the emerging
necessity of dealing with both simultaneously.

@_date: 2009-12-11 12:50:28
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Tick, tock, tick, tock? BING 
I hope you are right because that is the way we have treated it and appears
to be the way we will treat it going forward.  To me, it is a cumulative
problem.   The longer it is left unattended, the worse the outcomes will be.
It is quite possible I miss Dyson's point.  He has said he knows little or
nothing on the topic.  I stopped listening there.

@_date: 2009-12-11 17:03:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Development for Climate Change 
Good idea.  Universities should lead the way...agreeing to commit all
technology in this area to an open pool.  That'd be a great start.

@_date: 2009-12-12 03:00:36
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 3D printing and fabrication: Open source hardware 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: 3D printing and fabrication:
Open source hardware 2009 - The definitive guide to open source
hardware projects in 2009 via MAKE Magazine by Phillip Torrone on
Part of The definitive guide to open source hardware projects in 2009
3D printing - Open source hardware is now making things. Physical
things you can print out, over the last few year 2-3 projects have
really gained momentum and made some wonderful advances in low-cost
desktop 3D printing. Projects include Fab at Home, MakerBot and RepRap. A
new project was also added this year, s DIY open source construction
set for experimental personal fabrication.
Contraptor is a DIY open source construction set for experimental
personal fabrication, desktop manufacturing, prototyping and
Price: See site
Visit project page
Fab at Home
Fab at Home is a project dedicated to making and using fabbers - machines
that can make almost anything, right on your desktop. This website
provides everything you need to know in order to build or buy your own
simple fabber, and to use it to print three dimensional objects. The
hardware designs and software on this website are free and open-source.
Once you have your own fabber, you can also download and print various
items, try out new materials, or upload and share your own projects.
Advanced users can modify and improve the fabber itself
Price: $2,700 and up
Visit the project page
MakerBeam is a project to build a toy and tool for the open source
imagination. Based on Mini-T, a new open source standard, MakerBeam
will develop a construction toy for our times: open source precision
hardware equally at home doing desktop fabrication or serving as a
drawbridged castle for action figures.
Price: See page for details
Visit the project page
MakerBot is an affordable, open source 3D printer. It makes almost
anything up to 4" x 4" x 6" using ABD plastic.
Price: $750 and up
Visit the project page
RepRap is short for Replicating Rapid-prototyper. It is the practical
self-copying 3D printer shown on the right - a self-replicating
machine. This 3D printer builds the parts up in layers of plastic. This
technology already exists, but the cheapest commercial machine would
cost you about ?30,000. And it isn't even designed so that it can make
itself. So what the RepRap team are doing is to develop and to give
away the designs for a much cheaper machine with the novel capability
of being able to self-copy (material costs are about ?500). That way
it's accessible to small communities in the developing world as well as
individuals in the developed world.
Price: Various
Visit the project page
Read more | Permalink | Comments | Read more articles in Open source
hardware | Digg this!
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to MAKE Magazine using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-11 22:21:57
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
State your estimate of the probability that capitalism ends as now for every
5 year period going forward.  Combine that with the probability that this
end will be peaceful and easy.  That is the likelihood, in a given period,
you think your outcome will occur.
Capital is mostly money now.  If by capitalism, you mean a credit driven
economy of markets, then, yes, I mean capitalism.  If you mean it as Marx
did, then no, I don't mean capitalism.
Capitalism doesn't require scarcity.  I requires selective demand.  It isn't
scarcity that is dying, it is selective demand.  People will always prefer
the rare and the best...they just can't economically justify the costs to
get variance.
Treating profit as a reward for current owner incents scarcity and
Profit is a form of reward for risk.  Risk is taken because someone has
superior information, abilities to plan, or out of sheer gambling.  Want it
incents is greater risk-taking so long as it doesn't fail.  Now, it is
failing at every turn because money returns on loans are not working out.
 It has nothing to do (so far as I can tell) with what capitalism
causes...or how it is driven...the problem is demand based...Capitalism
isn't failing by some other rules...it is failing by its own rules.  Credit
doesn't work any more.  That's the issue.

@_date: 2009-12-12 08:09:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Here is the current scenario as I see it:
1. Technology has made labor "abundant."  As opposed to the era of the Great
Plague (1350) when capitalism started and modern technology took off, we
don't have a rarity of labor, we have far too much.
2. Sensing this, consumers over-consumed credit.  They had a party.
3. Short-term biases in compensation caused by faulty theories of management
and banking led executives to focus on the short-term and to ignore market
realities of point 2.
4. Technology reallocated these risks globally hiding the problem for a long
5. Consumers and small businesses sensing a sea change stopped consuming.
They cannot expand their earnings because demand is slow.
6. People with high skills continued to earn.  Those with low skills became
poor.  Skill is a function of value/demand.
7. With falling demand, credit became dysfunctional.  Even with large
monetary expansions, there is deflation--violating all monetarism and
proving it false in several important circumstances of capitalism.
8. We now have abundant labor with technology able to make it more abundant
Logical outcome: Long term deflation, high unemployment and rapidly falling
populations as nations reach wealth.  Technology will accelerate because
labor is so unattractive it is functioning like a low-labor environment.
That is, costs of hiring people at a dignified wage cannot be justified.

@_date: 2009-12-12 16:45:15
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Recession or revolution 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Recession or revolution via
Johnnie Moore's Weblog by Johnnie Moore on 12/12/09
Rob has some punchy things to say about the recession, suggesting that
people simply aren't going to go back to the kind of jobs they did
before. This is not your usual recession. It is a work revolution.
The trackback link for this entry is:
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Johnnie Moore's Weblog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-12 19:48:51
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Assistive Technology: eViacam Head Mouse 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Open Source Assistive
Technology: eViacam Head Mouse (control your computer with your head or
even with your finger in the air) via TechPsych by Lynn V. Marentette
on 12/12/09
I just downloaded and tried eViacam, an open-source head mouse
software, and found it to work accurately and smoothly. I used the
software on my HP TouchSmart PC, which has an embedded...
[[ This is a content summary only. Visit my website for full links,
other content, and more! ]]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to TechPsych using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-12 16:56:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
It is a reasonable model.  It does freeze and immobilize capital.   That
would be the stock complaint you'd hear.
Well, this is where I am confused.  I would normally agree.  But imagine a
robot in one generation being more capable than any human at virtually
anything.  What's there to then trade?  Right now, my own probability
assessments set this event at about 0.7 probability prior to 2050.  Fairly
likely.  I'd put it at 0.9 by 2075...just 65 years from now.  People reading
this list will maybe see that. As you move toward that sort of AGI robotic
capability, skill means little.  AGI will hit first in things like
programming...which is a relatively simple process intellectually compared
to, say, dynamically managing an organization.  We'll find out very quickly
what intelligence is because those things a robot cannot do easily will be,
by definition, more intelligent processes.
Iceland and a few Nordic countries are starting to use this model
now...owned cows again on shared commons.  Shares of beef supplied in
co-ops, etc.  Really it is capitalism writ small.  Same models of
micro-ownership envisioned by market theorists when they opened up the stock
exchanges to individual trades that had low transaction costs.
I was reading Das Kapital the other day online and was stunned at how
ridiculous it is.  That people defend it now and claim to be "Marxists"
boggles me.  Of course I am equally boggled by people who find Ayn Rand or
Ludwig von Mises definitive.  I suppose I am always disappointed in people's
willingness to accept rather old and lame social philosophy...even that of
the US founders, which I see as reasoned, but ridiculous in modern terms (I
believe they would have agreed).
I think the power of Marxian ideas was in its revolutionary force.  That is
what attracts people to it.  As an intellectual work, it is primitive.  The
guy was very smart, but next to Jesus, this is the biggest deal made over a
weird foray into the obscure that has ever occurred.  I've given up ever
arguing about it again.  If someone finds it useful, I personally wish them
well.  They're on a very different path of reality and understanding than
I think the main purpose of these policies (and they were ill-thought) was
to preserve non-existent markets for social purposes--literally to protect
the way of life of farmers.  We wanted to not destroy farms based on low
prices, so we subsidized them as social policy.  Those days are over or
ending.  There is no money with which to do it...even though Europe, the US
and Canada all continually engage in this.  It had nothing to do with
"profit." It has everything to do with politics of land (19th and 18th
century stuff).  Same reason the US has two Senators from S. Dakota and 2
from California but calls itself a democracy.
In fact very few business ideas now point to large profits.  It is hard to
make a profit.  Those enamored of a profitless world are rapidly getting
their wish.  Even those organizations that can and do profit (e.g. large
banks) are widely recognized as adding little to no economic value even by
people within the system.  Volcker recently stated that banks are not useful
in economic terms.  I think he meant it.  In short, they are a transaction
cost.  The Internet could do what they do relatively efficiently.
See above.  Same answer.
Agreed.  And we are stopping doing so because credit is failing.  Labor is
tied to credit. People have no idea how profound the surplus labor problem
is...it is vast.  We simply have too many people.  So it will change...and
fairly soon...whether one wants it to or not.
I still don't see a linkage.  We produce largely what we want to produce.
Investment banking is hugely profitable...isn't that hard, and yet it
employs 1 in ever 300 to 500 people in the US, Japan or Europe.  In human
terms, it is meaningless.  In profit terms...it is the great vast majority
of current profits.  Oil is similar...a low employment high profit
industry.  Take those and healthcare away in the US, and you've probably
eaten up 60% of all profits.
...Interesting discussion to me...thanks for helping me flesh out some of my
own ideas.

@_date: 2009-12-12 17:37:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
On Sat, Dec 12, 2009 at 2:32 PM, J. Andrew Rogers
The same policies have been tried many times in the history of labor.  Many
times.  They always fail at some significant level.
You've got systems now in France which protect certain modes of producing
wine or cheese, etc.  It has excellent product outcomes, but in economic
terms, the systems need protection...walls, fences.   These generally lead
to systematic poverty when other nations blow by through investment.  So,
you've got to decide as a society what you want...openness, liberty,
technology or the social system you've had for years.
The simple undeniable issue that is apparently Warren Buffett's number 1
social peeve, is that we simply have too many people.  With fertility rates
in Europe often around 1.3 - 1.5, you can see that the wealthy willingly
stop growing.  In Asia, Africa and South America, the fertility rates are
often well over 2...sometimes over 3 or even 4.  In such societies, we
either have to absorb huge numbers of such people into the modern world, put
a fence around them, or kill them.  We've chosen the fence for the most
part.  Now we are choosing absorb since fences no longer work.  That isn't
feasible with carbon.  So now what?  A new way or kill.  Fences no longer
work.  The Internet and cell phones destroyed them.  Killing isn't really
feasible given numbers without massive plagues or nuclear war.  Even with
all the killing in the Congo, populations are up.  Millions died there in
war.  Still not enough to absorb the people.  So the question is one of
labor futures.  Burning the tractors is like smashing thermometers on global
warming. Might feel good...doesn't answer the questions.

@_date: 2009-12-12 22:43:44
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
On Sat, Dec 12, 2009 at 8:26 PM, J. Andrew Rogers
Interesting ideas 250 years ago.  Now rather silly...as you imply.  Of
course people have been saying it since at least the 1950s. Ironically, with
the new budget operations, the Senate has grown in power and so has
seniority. Seniority tends to be more likely in small states. Thus, we have
empowered people from minor states to run our government disproportionately
when they were already disproportionately in charge.  The electoral college
is downright silly.  Even in 1800 people knew it was silly.  So the US is
effectively ruled by our most backward and small states...West Virginia,
South Dakota, Wyoming, Utah, etc.  California and NY are relatively weak by
comparison.  Odd to say the least.
Consequently we have a system that is almost impossible to change and that
has rapidly grown obsolete while patting itself on the back as
world-leading--ironically the rest of the world is even more backward.
There really isn't a good democratic constitutional system around now.  The
US system relies on the president who is increasingly powerless over the
Senate.  Those enamored of Obama are finding rapidly just how naive they
were.   Another element of the perfect storm...governments unable to change.

@_date: 2009-12-12 23:01:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open patents for development 
India is soul-searching now because it cannot innovate.  It is too
bureaucratic.  The outcome of that soul-searching will probably define much
of the future.  If they decide to become efficient outside of corporate
spheres, they may move toward the sort of radical adoption of peer
production you seem to intimate.
I think Japan is the most interesting country in terms of likely radical
social change.  India is probably the most likely P2P revolutionary
society.  They have the means, the systems, the capacity, possible the
democratic and egalitarian ideals.  The question is, can they overcome the
19th century bureaucracy that keeps the trains running.  I tend to doubt
they can.  Short of something like a sustained war, I just don't see them
changing their core systems of basic employment and social stability--that
is, there political bureaucracy.  Without such change, they simply won't

@_date: 2009-12-13 07:08:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open patents for development 
My guess is the radical growth of IP paralleled the rapid growth of law
schools.  More lawyers, more legal issues. I guess we'd have to say we have
"abundant lawyers."

@_date: 2009-12-13 07:20:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
The interesting and powerful theory missing from P2P at present is a path by
which countries like Asian or African countries might become localized in a
way that isn't primitive and yet isn't planet destroying.  The future is in
India...and Brazil...and Indonesia...and China.
In a sense the West is going to have to sell China and India (and Indonesia,
etc.) on being energy wise in the means of how they raise living standards.
No one has ever achieved that before...Cuba has become energy wise...but
their GDP has probably fallen since 2000.  Plus they are a command and
control economy...relatively primitive.  It is far from clear that it can be
done.  This is the whole "green economy" idea that really now MUST work.
There is no longer a choice...US right wing Senators like Lindsey Graham are
now saying that on TV so you know something is changing.
The challenge in the West is going to relate to surplus labor and price.  Of
course this all may be a lull and full-employment capitalism may yet be
reborn as the Phoenix.  Smart people are saying otherwise...which is my
justification for saying this time is different...plus my own
It isn't structural unemployment in the classic sense where something can be
done...it is permanent oversupply of labor.

@_date: 2009-12-13 09:59:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
On Sat, Dec 12, 2009 at 11:56 PM, J. Andrew Rogers
I'd rate that as a highly improbably outcome.   Frankly, I'd be for it.  It
isn't going to happen. If it did happen, the center of the country would be
impoverished in a generation.
This way, no one will have to worry about senators from
I tend to agree.  It goes in both directions.  I'd be much happier with much
stronger states...but it isn't going to happen...let's be clear...the trends
are strongly in the other direction and have been, particularly since Teddy
Again, agreed.  That's why I have been saying disintegration is all but
inevitable.  Particularly at the end of cheap transportation...if such an
end occurs.  The US has become brittle by becoming
Washington-centric...particularly in the very undemocratic way it has done
Each state is winner take all...that makes puny places matter
disproportionately to their votes.  It has also completely skewed population
distributions...right wing people leave Vermont...left wing people leave
These issues were settled in 1865 and in the Supreme Court.  These are
standard parts of any constitutional law text in the US...long settled.  Not
sure what you are getting at...but it isn't the case and hasn't been since
the 19th century.
Frankly, I wish what you say were true. Issues of Federalism in the US are
profound...but largely settled in a legal sense.  Sadly, the states lost.
There really hasn't been a meaningful 10th amendment case...ever.  The
Reagan era Supreme Court (e.g. New York v. United States) tried to turn this
around a bit...got nowhere.  It was Sandra Day O'Conner's big idea.  Any
power in this arena relates to the Commerce Clause...and there isn't much.
Never heard of such a thing in 3 PhD level courses on Constitutional Law I
have taken...I'd like to see a local sheriff exercise any power over a Fed.
He she would be immediately arrested.  Huge amounts of case law on this in
any Federalism Constitutional Law text used standardly in law or public
administration programs in the US.
But the bribe part is right.  It is pork flows from big states to small
states arranged by local senators.  The recent healthcare circumstances
showed Louisiana selling a vote for 310 million.  This is old and standard
Senate politics. Ever wonder why so many big military bases are in the
South?  So many national parks in the West?  The sale was always a bribe for
some national policy or other.
One or the other works for me.  Either be France, or be the EU...dont' be
something in between.  But the EU is getting much stronger...it will get
stronger still..headed toward something like the 20th century US...which is
too bad for Europe.  Same with Canada.  Same Australia.  Local in politics
is weaker than it has ever been...globally.  So if we are going local...the
politics sure hasn't pointed the way.  Personally, I'll always opt for
strong local.  It just never holds.  It used to not hold because of
reformers...now it doesn't hold because of conservatives.  Both were equally
wrong in my view.  The US and African Americans would have been much better
off without a Civil War.
The Swiss system...is America in 1771.  It's really a bunch of loosely
affiliated countries.  Spain is best IMO.  They have a strong central system
with reasonable distributions of power.   South Africa also has a very
interesting and modern system.  Still, I don't think there is a modern
democracy right now...the British system is very democratic...but it is
prone to heavy civil servant control.  Some would say that is best...India
is the British system taken to its logical extreme...very democratic...very
Personally, I think the Senate has been a disaster.  It is the biggest block
to a Progressive US.  It has empowered the stupid and backward forcing New
York, Florida, Texas and California to negotiate with Mississippi, Nebraska
and Idaho.  I can see no sense in that.  I agree Federalist 10 and 51 were
well argued...for 1780.  They aren't relevant now with 310 million people
mostly concentrated in a few urban areas.  Regardless, it isn't going to
change.  I accept the US system as a good one...but very backward.  Whether
it is fragile is an interesting question...but there are far more
interesting ones.  My own dissertation now in progress is on Federalism...so
I respect the topic as complex and unsettled.  Probably 40% of all political
science/political economy and public administration students in the US are
working on this in some way continually and have been for 50 years.  We
aren't much further along.

@_date: 2009-12-13 17:22:01
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
The US would largely prefer to have a much diminished role.  It simply
cannot afford a lot more war.  Without war, it is really powerless to do
much.  It is no longer a trade dominant force.  The real power of the US and
the US presidency is the military...and deploying that is more expensive
than it was for Roman caesars.  I think hegemonic US power is already badly
weakened. It is deeply in debt to China...powerless with India, Brazil,
Indonesia and Africa.  No significant turn-around is on the horizon.  It
will be forced to cut its military.  No military, no power.
First, I agree with all above that you wrote.  Second, there isn't a plan.
Look to US state budget crises to give a clue.  If they Fed bails out states
like California, it means a much stronger Washington.  If it doesn't...the
US will be in a quiet doldrums that will make Japan look vibrant.  My guess
is that the states languish and the US goes into a regional decay.
See above.  While I think Iraq was in part about oil, financially, it is has
been financial disaster.  The Right in the US is very upset because they did
not anticipate policy turns leading to a massive stimulus...now the AAA
rating is mildly in question.  The whole of the national financial system is
predicated on printing money at a whim by issuing 30 year debt.  Lately the
30 year issues have been very weak..."stinking up the place" is a phrase
I've heard repeatedly from blogs and family members in the business.  The
yield curve is steep now and will probably get steeper.  The US has little
credit capacity longer than 10 years (really 2 years)...a very hard place to
be because you can only issue so much short-term debt and inflation isn't a
logical defense.
Thus, Right wing of the US in particular have been blocked by their own
game...deficits. If the US situation becomes bad enough, the only prospect
will be military cuts.  Politically, military cuts are suicide for a
president.  I think the Senate would rather flirt with bankruptcy than cut
the military.  A president would have to lead...as with healthcare.  And
even giving healthcare is controversial on costs...imagine proposing
military cuts...every politician who has done it since WW2 has been
The US is going to quietly have to ask China and India to start importing US
goods and services significantly.  That's like asking the town beggar to
give you a blood transfusion when you've been the guy in the big
house...tricky politics.
In the long run, I'd bet on fragmentation of one sort or another.  No one
thought the USSR would come apart.  I think the US could act swiftly if the
financial crisis were bad enough.  Suspending the Constitution in the US is
impossible/very hard because people swear oaths to it and small states have
the controlling votes...another joke.  Thus, it would have to be an obvious
good for all...hard to see that as a possibility, but I'd still bet it is
the way it goes. One way of doing it is to re-empower the states.  I just
can't see that happening.  We've been going so long and so hard in the other
direction, I can't see US states ever becoming meaningful entities again (in
the nation-state sense).
Wow.  It is Americans who make movies about these sorts of scenarios.  Not
other people about us.
It is a bad time.  The issues are profound.  I have to admit, I don't see a
good path right now and I haven't read one from pundits.  In my opinion, it
will prove bad for the world to see the US stumble...but that may be
national pride and hubris showing.  I love my country.  I was raised to be
patriotic and see myself as so.  That said, I think there has to be good
options.  One option would be to become a military power that is not
benign.  Again, hard to imagine--like your scenario...but easy to do as a US
president.  If I were the world, I'd want to see the US weaker than it is.
My guess is that will happen.  Obama was a bone to the world to stop being
threatened by us...I don't think it worked for 2 reasons.  1...Obama sees
himself as a Kennedy Democrat...essentially a Right winger by modern
standards.  2. Time is going to expose 1 to the world...if it hasn't
already.  He's very centrist...even Right.  The Left naively thought he was
a Leftist.

@_date: 2009-12-13 17:43:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
On Sun, Dec 13, 2009 at 1:33 PM, J. Andrew Rogers
The Midwest and the South rely heavily on Federal flows and transfers.
Always have.  Take away the Federal money flows and poverty ensues.  See...
I can see the argument.  But it is winner take all and even Nebraska and
Maine have stilted formulas.  It isn't national.  The truth is that voters
in New York and California (almost always Democrat) are washed away by
strong majorities.  Hence states like Nevada and New Hampshire matter.  If
you see that as democratic, you'd have made a great Russian (just kidding).
Really, there is no justification for states in the modern world.  What role
they play, constitutionally, is so screwed up after Wickard (1942) that the
whole discussion becomes crazy.  Wickard is the 3rd US Constitution.  No
other court case mattered as much in all history.  It has defined the modern
world.  Without WW2...really the Great Depression, it wouldn't have
happened.  It is the most important court case in world history...and it is
about chicken feed...literally.
 > These issues were settled in 1865 and in the Supreme Court.  These are
Again, I see the argument.  It isn't the constitutional history I know and
love.  States are tolerated by the Feds...truth is, they are hated and
thought to be backward and slovenly.  Very few are respected as
administrations.  California was one that was respected.  Mostly the states
are seen as headaches to Washington.
Sure it was.  And the national parks too.  And we named aircraft carriers
after John Stennis because he was a great guy.
The armed services committee of the Senate has moved more pork than the
Union Pacific railroad.  The whole purpose of the modern Senate is to
distribute pork.   Really, what else does it do?  Think about it...what else
would it do?  When was the last time the Senate led on major legislation
that wasn't a boondoggle for the states or for an industry?  I can't think
of a time...education, healthcare, etc...always the follower...never the

@_date: 2009-12-13 17:47:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
On Sun, Dec 13, 2009 at 2:34 PM, Kevin Carson <
I used to buy into this very academic idea...a beautiful one, really.  That
government can simply "melt away."  Trouble is, all the big civil society
actors are supported by either direct flows or tax breaks.  It might still
be the way...I used to study it by looking at community foundations...I
still see them as great ideas.  They are, like sovereign wealth funds, an
idea for good times...not bad ones.  When times get bad, the solution is
always governmental...or it is collapse.  People expect solutions from
governments, not the local charity.

@_date: 2009-12-14 09:07:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I hope you are right, but it isn't the story I hear.  It would be great to
kill off the farm subsidy.  I've been told by Senate staffers it will be the
last pork to ever be cut.  The farm lobby owns the Senate (along with the
banking lobby).
They are both good states in terms of political balance...which has hurt
their pork consumption...that simple table could feed several PhD
dissertations!  Both of those particular states matter in elections (the
point I was making) exactly because they are swing states....the same reason
they don't get a lot of pork.  I agree, more of those would be better.
Still, having Nevada "matter" in a national election seems, in democratic
terms, pretty backward.  It has a tiny franction of the population of
Calfiornia all settled in Los Vegas...effectively a Californian (and New
York crime family) invention.
That is a pretty good summation. At one time, California actually was
an exemplar state as such things go, but I don't see that happening
again without a reboot.
California is still respected though it fights to overcome Reagan-era
dysfunctions such as gridlock.  Republicans chose (and choose) to
precipitate crises to make their points.  Bad for the country, but good
politics.  Virginia is respected.  Arizona is well run and balanced...though
financially they real estate bomb has killed them.  Washington, Montana and
Oregon are well run.  Florida is pretty well run.  Poor state administration
are the usual small corrupt states (West Virginia, South Carolina) and the
big corrupt states...Texas and Illinois...Michigan is pretty well run.  New
York...not so much.
The Senate deals with international matters, executive oversight, and
is supposed to be a firewall against populist foolishness in the
House.  I think the only part of US Federal governance that has not
obviously inserted themselves in the money process is the Judicial
Yest, that was the theory of it.  Never worked out that way.  They were
supposed to be quasi-presidential advisors.  The Senate is the great failure
of the US besides slavery.  It really was a nod to elitists.  Populism was
never a threat with the House...they could have lengthened the House terms
and done away with the Senate...but then we'd be something very close to

@_date: 2009-12-14 17:01:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Farm subsidies by state:
almost exactly equals the number of farms by state in the Midwest.  Corn and
grain are heavily subsidized: The economic impact in rural areas is vast...pretty much keeps most
"fly-over" states going.
Nevada has a middling population for a US State.  A number of US
states in New England, the Midwest, and elsewhere have significantly
smaller populations. In any case, you will appreciate the current
state of affairs more in the future since the South is going to be the
dominant population center while places like New England depopulate.
There are only two metro areas in Nevada because ~90% of the land (and
growing) is under Federal control. There is no more room and the
Federal government refuses to relinquish control, even unmanaged land
with no Federal purpose (~40% of the state), under any circumstances
for any price. The way cities in Nevada grow is by buying a big piece
of land elsewhere in the State and trading it for a small piece of
Federal land adjacent to an existing city. There is simply not enough
private land for a sustainable economy in most of Nevada, and in some
counties the property tax base is ~1-2% of the actual property in the
This pattern is why the mountain West is the most urbanized region of
the US outside of the NYC-Boston corridor and, compounded by a
historical pattern of abuses of power and bad behavior going back a
century and a half, explains why there is a strong anti-Federal streak
and distrust of government in western politics. The difference now is
that it is (demographically) very young and rapidly growing region of
the US instead of a backwater without political influence.
Nevada is 35th in population--a little larger than the city of Houston..
84% of the state is under federal control...the highest in the country.
State pops... Remember...each state gets 2 seats in the upper chamber regardless of
population...and the recent budget laws give the Senate overpowering control
of spending.  Also, with the unique "filibuster", any senator can
effectively block any legislation that does not have 60/100 votes...meaning
that a Senator from a small state can block progress of the national budget
or any legislation at will if he/she has the backing of a 39
Senators...often far fewer because some are out sick, travelling, etc.

@_date: 2009-12-14 18:04:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
when similar peripheral regions are not, and how >come the population are
better-off than the similar population in the likes of Niger and Mauritius.
Is it because the outflow of >money is less, because the prices of primary
commodities and services are higher/fairer, because the prices of primary
indirect impact of the option of out-migration on wages, >because of general
entitlements arising from being an American (such as access to jobs and
welfare), because there has never >been a full-scale colonial plunder?  I'm
sure a lot of peripheral countries would love to be doing as well as Nevada,
outflows or not...
There are obvious dividends to be part of real free trade system with high
subsidies from a federal source. Even without high dollar flows directly,
places like Nevada get free roads, free police, military, etc. for places
their size.
Los Vegas...the whole basis of the Nevada economy, was invented to avoid
California police and legislators.  It was LA's vice project.  Vice is good
If you want to be sort of rich...live next to someone who is rich and
convince them to have free and open borders.  Part of Africa's problem is
that it has no history of success.  Once it does, like South America, it
will be off to the races.

@_date: 2009-12-14 18:54:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
On Mon, Dec 14, 2009 at 6:42 PM, J. Andrew Rogers
Oil taxes do pay a big chunk of road construction...but the roads were
financed by the Feds at cheap interest rates Nevada would never see by
The real industry of the state is vice...and the subsidy was, in part,
allowing it.  Doesn't bother me, but it is what it is.  It has been
subsidized by cheap federal power supplies from dams, Nellis air base, huge
water grants, huge highway grants, etc.

@_date: 2009-12-20 11:22:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Interesting the implicit hope this is true in all these notes from an
otherwise skeptical crowd.  Do we really think that US/NATO is the bad
Regardless, the Pentagon has whole units of disinformation that reveal and
move information at will.  No doubt a way to target and track high value
assets is to tell them to turn on a passive dish which can easily be seen by
air assets.  I've known people who have gone to work at CIA. They aren't
stupid.  They recruit the best young minds from the very top institutions
regularly...and are quite successful at doing it.
There was an old story a few years ago that a standard radar detector in a
cockpit could smoke out a 30 million dollar radar in an F-14.  Sure enough,
cheap radar detectors (which are easily readable) started appearing in
cockpits in Syria, Iraq, etc.  It made tracking and understanding the
awareness of the enemy pilots trivial.
I'd hate to be associated with any cell phone or radio signal that has been
within 3 km of an active dish in the last 4 years.  Those folks are
The truth is, the Predator is turning the tide in Afghanistan.  Leaders
cannot communicate with troops or even spend daylight hours outside.  Pretty
miserable way to live for 8 or 10 years while new schools get built, police
get trained, army officers get taught about fighting corruption, etc.

@_date: 2009-12-20 14:27:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
I don't know.  I've seen fundamental Islam and what it does to children and
women.   I've seen the US.  It's a pretty easy choice.
I think we do the world a disservice when we don't choose the lesser of two
On Sun, Dec 20, 2009 at 1:36 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2009-12-20 15:35:37
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
To my mind, it is fairly easy to say the Taliban is evil.  The left often
stumbles to make such judgments.  They wish to protect enemies of the West
regardless of how unsavory they are.
That's too bad really because it destroys the credibility of the
left...people think it is a naive POV.  Often it is.
I always hope for a sound, realistic, socially pragmatic progressive group
to rise to the fore.  Obama is about the best closest I've seen.  European
leaders are almost always hopeless naive and idealistic.  I suppose the
politicians reflect their people.  Corrupt people get corrupt governments.
Naive and idealistic people get similar governments.  What is sad is when
the match isn't apt.
On Sun, Dec 20, 2009 at 3:25 PM, J. Andrew Rogers

@_date: 2009-12-20 16:49:30
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
People don't understand victory post WW2.  Winning isn't about military
matters at all.  Militaries exist to hold on until the social fabric of a
place can be re-woven into something totally new.  It's a meme machine.
That is and always has been US strategy from Japan to Europe to
Korea/Vietnam and now Central Asia.
America won the Southeast Asia wars just as they are winning the Central
Asian wars now regardless of military outcomes.  Victory is about social
DNA.  America succeeds at spreading that like no one else. Even for the
post-industrial world, American ideals, approaches, technologies, memes are
totally and absolutely dominant.  The new China is really just the old
America in Asia.  There's nothing American's don't recognize who visit
there.  It feels like the US in 1950.
The American model is simple and, so far, unstoppable.  The objective is to
turn people into Americans...baseball, sports interests, beer brand focused,
and business friendly... and smothe desire for cheap and systematically
similar meals of relatively high quality/low cost...particularly those
favored by children, cigarettes, cheap chocolate...cheap beer, ease on the
weekends, style set by movies and television...the desire for individual
hopes and dreams, religions beholden to businesses...or even businesses
themselves...all the American way.   I guarantee you that right now
Americans are working on televangelized Islam with silver haired Imams
asking for donations every 4 minutes even while they say whatever it is
muslims want to hear.
Indians talk about the autonomy of Bollywood...its memes are totally
American...circa 1935.  Europeans claim to hate American consumerism but
nearly all their meaningful firms are modeled on US lines and deliver
products aimed at US contexts.   The whole niche of European production is
to avoid US low end products.  America opens markets, Europe responds to the
elitists that education and savoir faire create.  It was Japan 25 years ago,
now it is the Gulf.  In 25 more years it will be Vietnam and India.
Unfortunately, the system is breaking down.  So all the critics will have to
deal with a world where the very productive and liberating model of the last
50 years is now dying.   We'll still see iPods and Marlboros for a while,
but the new system is going to be local...and that will lead to a lot of
misery for those who never gained the worldview to be liberated.

@_date: 2009-12-21 18:19:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
People aren't amazed a machine can lift a truck...that sort of strength
doesn't frighten us...that is, any more.  What is pending now are machines
that are greatly more powerful than our minds.  That is indeed frightening
because it sets those who have been relatively unphased by the economic
realities of industrialization on their heels as they wonder whether
thinking is about as out of date as using a shovel.  It is about like using
a shovel...or soon will be.
Where in the world am I (and every other two-bit intellectual) if everything
clever I can concoct can be met with an equally clever tete-a-tete by a
For years we'll have our John Henry rail driving contests between machines
and meat.  But meat will likely lose.  Why wouldn't it?  Brains just aren't
that interesting.  We've been civilized for less than 10K years.  It was an
amusing period, but learning is a self-destructive technology.  Once the
leap to better modes is enjoyed, meat will be what it is...a hunk of cells.
The arrogance of the social constructivists is just a rebirthing of the old
homo-centric worldview of our simple minds starting to touch enlightenment.
We aren't that interesting...and the world is moving beyond us...and will be
beyond...within 30 years.  The irony of the present is that the
post-modernists have become the arch conservative reactionaries.

@_date: 2009-12-22 09:38:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
I have to say, I've not heard of her either...that isn't to say, she isn't a
world's authority...those arise quickly...the new European AGI guys are news
to me from 6 months ago...and seem to have come out of nowhere.  That's the
math model intelligence Andrew is talking about.  It is an information
theory proof that intelligence (human) is not beyond conventional
computational limits.  If that proves out, the last 30 years of algorithm
searches will be irrelevant.  We'll simply conquer intelligence by brut
machinery.  So far, it looks like the AGI guys are right.  If I had to bet,
I'd say they are.  Evolution isn't that good a designer (intelligent
designers notwithstanding).
Most serious AI folks don't hold high expectations for cognitive science
which has moved pretty slowly compared to information theory approaches.
Figuring out humans is like trying to invent a steam shovel by dissecting
arm muscles.
I was involved in cognitive science and AI in the 1980s and no one then even
dreamed we'd be close to where we are now.  I was Technical Director in
Roger Schank's lab and was regularly host to visitors like Daniel Dennett
and others.  So I know what the claims were then and now amongst the
mainstream of the field.   No one seriously thought it would move as fast as
it has.  We did think the moves would come from completely different
directions than they have.  If you would have told me Google or a
Google-like algorithm would press boundaries of AI, I would have laughed out
loud at you.  I guess that's why I'm not a venture capitalist.
Regardless, the truth is that the old style academic discourse is now
getting very long in the tooth.  Technology is encroaching from several
sides and people are starting to become afraid. I get that. Change is hard.
We've tried for years to find a way to make humans be more interesting than
we are...intellectually, morally, legally, etc.  In the end, we're monkeys
with a thumb that evolved enough to start learning on its steady path.  Soon
the meat won't be necessary.  No big deal.

@_date: 2009-12-22 09:51:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
This is the same argument the anti-technology green left uses against global
warming...you don't know everything therefore you know nothing...James Randi
is the latest to fall into this trap.
Trend analysis is the foundation of modern social science.  We evaluate
probabilities of outcomes given current states.  It isn't perfect, but the
paths tend to work...e.g. Moore's Law (the simplest case).  Now it is true
that few trends continue indefinitely.  There are limits.  Those should be
evaluated in probabilistic terms as well.  That's the current field of
futurism in a nutshell.
Given those sorts of analyses, the probabilities set by almost anyone in the
know are quite high that machines surpass humans in virtually all ways
within the next 100 years...probabilities are above 0.7 for most analyses
that it will happen 30 years hence.   It is just reasonable extrapolation
with known feasible boundaries.
To me, these aren't emotional arguments.   My heart rate doesn't even rise 3
beats a minute in thinking through it.  There's no emotion at all...it's
just a probability...like the probability my plane will land safely or the
probability I'll get swine flu.
It is always an amusing topic...has been for 20 years.

@_date: 2009-12-22 14:09:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Totally agree, Michel.  And I have heretofore been a huge James Randi fan.
The left has been late to the denial game.  To my knowledge their
reverse-psychology argument is meant to spur research to be
definitive...highly improbable when studying an open system....like a mind
or an ecosystem.  I'm all for better research, but there is a political
aspect to all science...to all knowledge.  No one disputes that.  But just
because there is a political element doesn't mean truth isn't a high
probability game.  Without probabilities, we have no idea what we are
talking about.
What is the probability there was a guy named Jesus?  A Christian says,
100%.  I say, maybe 70%.  What's the probability he was Son of God?  A
Christian...99.9%...me, 0.000001%  Linking the two together you get a
Christian with a very high probability analysis that Jesus is the son of
God.  My analysis is more like zero...or approaching it.  Science is the set
of those probabilities amongst esteemed persons given a set of interpretive
There isn't equivalency in coming up with a different answer.  Some answers,
some probabilistic assessments, are better than others because they use
highly probable inputs as roots.
Social constructivists want equality of evaluation.  That's rubbish.
Subjectivity doesn't mean equivalence.  What is the probability your root
idea is true when authentically evaluated widely and skeptically?
In a reverse argument, when probabilistic arguments are slightly low, people
say that something is "unknown" as a means of spurring on better
probabilities.  That's what is going on with the left anti-climate change
element now.  I think, I strongly suspect, that is what James Randi is up
I don't see it a lot and the left has been leaders on climate change...I'm
with them totally.  Go greenies!  Wrong on atomic energy in my book...but
it's a quibble.
Why? A reasonable person looking at the details says...hmmm, probability of
anthro-driven climate change...90%.  Probability that it could prove highly
destructive if we do nothing within 30-100 years...90%.  So a reasonable and
informed person is about 81% (0.9 * 0.9) that bad days a cummin.  If it is
4/5 my plane comes down, I'm not flying unless I hope to be a hero of some
sort.  On the other hand, if my set of equations comes out to 1/100 bad days
are coming...then I'm not going to stop driving my SUV and airconditioning
my 2000 square meter mansion.
A skeptic starts that first equation anthro equation at .01 and the second
at maybe 0.0001.  Thus their worries are close to zero...or their concern
is.  They just don't see it as worth it.  This is why we need models...we
need plans and expectation of how things play out.  That's literally the
I think the arguments against incomplete knowledge as a failure are
rubbish.  P values of .4 matter.  We have to plan for that as a 40%
chance...carry an unbrella if rain is a 40% chance if we like our suit of
More importantly, we have to build knowledge more quickly by pursuing high
probability outcomes.  That's what a computer would do.
Dreams yes, expectations no.  No one expected us to be this far.  No one
could have.  I had the fastest IBM RS/6000 in the world on my desk in Roger
Schank's lab for a time when it was a new machine...that thing is far weaker
than my iPod touch.  We thought that might happen...but we didn't know it.
If we had, we would have gone about our research in wholly different ways.
We thought you had to be smart about how brains worked...we didn't know you
just had to be smart about data and outcomes.  That's why Wolfram's Alpha
project is so interesting...even though primitive.
In my opinion, dreams are going to be far surpassed here shortly.  You were
in the right place...just 10-20 years early, I'd say.
I love being human, but I'm not impressed.  I see ornate termite mounds and
incredibly complex bird's nests.  I don't seek the builders out as peers.  I
see them as nice models of a few billion years of cellular evolution.
Learning will surpass that in 200 years.
To me it isn't reductionism at all.  Reductionism is the social
constructivist world...we can't know anything and therefore everything is
relative.  That reduces us to meer humanists.  As much as I love Spinoza or
the Romantics, I'm interested in Humanism 2.0...not more wallowing in
Frankenstein monster myths.
We can know things and we can progress.  And if we can progress, then we can
project how fast and where we will progress.  I'm not saying Kurzweil is
Nostradamus...but I am saying he's got us starting to approach the problem
in the right way...conventional academia gave us a bum steer with
neo-Romanticism and all the silly dead ends of Humanism 1.0.  They told us
we were complex and unknowable and constantly surprising.  I doubt it.  No
harm finding out.  If we are creatures made in the image of the divine, I
doubt our flying machines will carry us.  But in 1880, few people thought
our flying machines would carry us.  100 years later, we all knew.

@_date: 2009-12-22 14:44:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
I agree with what follows, but it isn't that simple.  Science isn't linear.
There are starts and fits...but those are predictable sometimes.
We push in certain places, find dead ends, or seeming dead ends, and then
find another path to push somewhere else new.  Sometimes those paths
eventually link up...the history of modern physics now takes this as
standard...biology as well.
What is interesting about intelligence is that we are so poor at defining
it.  That's why the AGI guys constantly start there.  AIT has other
ends...like being Google.  Learning in schools, by the way, is hamstrung in
just the same way.  If we knew what to teach, learning it wouldn't be that
hard.  We keep changing the rules.
Thus, what is important is knowing what we want--governance.  If the purpose
of a robot is to fly a plane, we've been doing that for years.  In fact, the
Predators that started this discussion are routinely landed and flown with
precision exceeding manned missions.
AGI is curious because the purpose is to be us.  That is, we are arrogant
enough to define "us" as intelligent.  Ludicrous in my view, but that's the
current goal.  Would we be happy if a machine solved mathematical proofs?
Mathematicians have begged computer scientists to not try...mostly because
they suspect it is quite feasible.  The V-jer star trek movie played all the
heart strings on this point.
What about painting new interpretive art works?  That's simple for a
machine...but we don't care.
To me, being human is largely wrapped up in learning, acting and
experiencing--that's what I value in another piece of flesh--potential.  If
my sexual partner were a robot, would that be bad if I was fulfilled and
found it to be responsive to my needs and allowed me to be responsble to its
needs?  Who knows?  We're about to find out, though.  The same is true of
conversation.  The same is true of a game of chess.  I know a grand master
who likes playing humans because he enjoys when they make silly errors he
can pounce on?  Now where is the humanity in that equation?
If a machine can learn and reason, why do I denegrate that?  It is my peer.
If it can surpass me at reasoning and applying knowledge, at crafting poetry
and painting pictures, do I hate it because it is not flesh?  And if that is
so, what does that say about me?

@_date: 2009-12-22 14:59:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Quite so.  Cell phones in Africa are the obvious case and are being used
regularly now by researchers in all sorts of ways.  Not great news for
anthropologists who wish to celebrate their primitive subjects, but it is
good news for anyone who genuinely wants to get to know a person in Darfur
in a realistic context for being a human on this planet.  Change happens.
The INSNA list covers a lot on sensors and nets...ones that are more latent
than cell phones.
A lot of these are unfortuntely deployed for military purposes.  But like
GPS, every gets the civilian apps.
Computers do not suffer from the limitation of needing one set of ears or
one set of eyes.  They are inherently extendible.  Yet in our movies and
films (like Wall-E) we give them our limitations--limitations they would
never have if/when they designed themselves.

@_date: 2009-12-22 17:26:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
No more so than a quantum computer.  If humans are desirably random, so then
can be machines.
The game here isn't to copy people.  That's pretty uninteresting after a
point--if that were a goal, cloning would be a better path.
The game is to surpass humans. Humanity 2.0.   To reason better, faster,
with more insight, knowledge brought to bear, etc.  I would be totally
disappointed if the best AI can do in 100 years is to mimic humans.  The
place to start is with understanding if "intelligence" is compute feasible.
So far, it appears to be so.  If it is, copying humans is about like copying
the human DNA...yes yours is different and mine, but knowing a whole
sequence and being able to search it and analyze it is a huge leap forward.

@_date: 2009-12-23 21:29:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Several things about this argument confuse me because I simply don't share
one or more points of view--not in a falsifying way...but in a fundamental
First, there is the interesting focus on legitimacy of fields of
specialization.  Human enough, and just the sort of oddness computers won't
have for long...because they don't need to.  We can  focus as much as we
want, we won't be able to compete.  Specialization is inherently about
competition (and I suppose a little about self-fulfillment...but hardly).
Competition falls away rapidly when systems surpass us.  Power lifting is
still a sport but it isn't something very gripping for most of us.  Fernhout
was actually particularly elegant on this point I thought.  He actually
helped be start to visualize post-market worlds more clearly.  The key word
is abundance...which has nothing to do with stuff, but with capacity.  When
you have abundant cranes and forklifts, power lifters are uninteresting.
With regard to privacy, I suppose it is a worry.  But my dog doesn't worry
about privacy from me.  I protect it, walk with it, be its companion, feed
it, take it out to pee.  If I was the dog, I don't think I'd care very much
about privacy.  I don't think less of dogs because they don't, and I am not
wicked toward them because I could be.  As pervasive sensors become more or
less omniscient, I don't see why I'd care.  I don't care now.  The only
threat is from other people...not from machines.  If machines wish to kill
us, I suspect others will wish to protect us.
We can easily stop most crime now by rfiding all vehicles and making all
money electronic.  I suppose it is better to have privacy, but I for one
would quickly trade it for a stamp on my car and new card in my wallet (with
no cash.)   Fearing governments is a bit 20th century Orwell was a brilliant
writer and an interesting guy, but the gig is sort of up.  I actually like
my Big Brothers.  Wouldn't mind a few more.  My brothers aren't bad beings.
Should I abandon the idea of big brothers because they might be bad?
Overall, of course people can try to prohibit progress and learning, but it
has never worked before.  It won't work with machines.  Learning is a
feedback technology.  Dark Ages result from stifling forces, but
renaissances are practically inevitable.  Our evolution makes us learners.
Machines' evolution is making them learners. For now, we breed them.  Soon,
they will breed themselves.
I never realized (and I mean this with complete sincerity and wonder) that
humans were so anthropocentric in social philosophy.  I am genuinely
surprised.  I guess I have been hanging with biologists and AI people so
long that that is comes as a surprise to me.  What is the big deal?  We're
really not that remarkable.  It is learning that is remarkable.  And
learning will be increasingly decoupled from us.

@_date: 2009-12-24 09:36:04
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
But the point is clear that there is nothing going on in brains that cannot
be simulated that has been identified so far in terms of learning processes
or "thinking".  I don't see anything Andrew has said is in any way
deterministic or reductionist...particularly in any naive way.  Sometimes a
bit testy and snarky, yes, reductionist or deterministic, no.
The object here isn't to meld your brain with a machine and have it take
over your identity.  I realize that is some of the singularity press.  To my
mind that is salesmanship.  The aim is to build machines that have a much
higher probability of doing things we find getting from human brains as
useful.  That is, to limit the artificial scarcity of human intellect.
Smart doesn't have to be elite...we won't need thinkers.  That can be
offloading to systems far better suited to do it.  People can simple improve
for the fun of it...just like we have distance runners even though we have
cars and motorbikes.
In what way can this possibly be offensive?  To me it sounds great.  It puts
to the test all of the shibboleths of being human.  Thus, the transhuman
term is quite appropriate and accurate.  I don't want to live on perpetually
in a machine.  I want to know my children will live in a safe world ruled by
robots that respond to crises in appropriate ways and with learning and
reasoning vastly beyond what mere politicians and philosophers can muster.
Why is that not an appropriate goal now that it starts to appear

@_date: 2009-12-24 13:13:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
I don't think that will be their aim.  I don't aim to replace horses or dogs
by buying a tractor or a security system.  Roles and responsibilities
As for ethical judgment, we don't have much of a record.  I'd just as soon
cede power.  The orginal 1950s film "The Day the Earth Stood Still" depicted
this quite nicely.
I'm not talking about tools.  Tools as a concept requires a certain moral
elitism.  We use.  Why?  Why can't they be autonomous?  In fact, I can't
imagine they wouldn't be.
I'm sure it is for some.  But it won't be in the long run.  Whatever people
who call themselves transhumanists think now, they are probably like the
first biologists who stumbled into eugenics.  Their approach isn't
wrong...their level of social development is.

@_date: 2009-12-24 15:12:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
I see no need of breakthrough.  To me, P2P becomes increasingly obvious as
we move toward a highly intelligent environment where abundant capacity
comes to the fore.
To your credit Michel, you have been all around the problem space, I'd
suggest you need only stop rejecting seeming dead ends and reuse the
components to combine theories into new outcomes.
Thirty years ago, no nanotech, minimal serious genetics, no cell phones, no
PCs...almost no understanding of complex diseases, large data sets, etc.  30
years from now we will have accelerated much further regardless of what
ethics people deploy.
I suppose it also depends on what we mean by human.  The Science &
Technology Studies (STS) crowd plays with this a lot.  We'll have hybrids
and monsters of all sorts in the interim.
Whether we are extending the bounds of what it is to be human, or creating
something that is new and autonomous is a quibble, ultimately.  First flight
was a glider or a kite-like affair little more than a human extension.
Within 4 decades we had jets and guided missiles.
I prefer (at the risk of reductionism) to think of our component elements as
things we can do or things we can automate.  Clearly we can automate lifting
or locomotion now quite trivially...though it was just 200 years ago that
serious automation of locomotion began.
What is interesting about us in a modern sense is our capacity to
learn--morality is an afterthought.  Learning is really the feature that
makes us different.
We learn because we have evolved structures that facilitate learning, but
our sensors aren't all that great (good but not great).  What makes us
different is the neural capacity to learn.  Reasoning is trivial...Plato
built reasonable models of it 2500 years ago.  Morality is largely normative
or trivial...automating a static minded Supreme Court judge would be easier
than automating a student.  It is learning that is complex.
We do need to be a bit reductionist to understand learning...and we have
tried different approaches...many of which will now start to merge together
and accelerate.  With the current advances, we will soon have the compute
ability to simulate (reasonably) a human mind.  We know more and more about
our own actions.   We can predict our own approaches...how we start to
approach learning.
It is not something to be feared I am confident.  If we had abundant
learning, abundant moral reasoning, we could indeed cede power to that
better angel of ourselves.

@_date: 2009-12-24 15:56:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Andy, I mean you no ill will.  I'm sure in a general sense you feel the same
I also realize the political theory of the present and the near future don't
jive very well with that of 150-250 years ago and that those old fellows are
the received canon...of course those old fellows often threw aside their
received canons quite aggressively and judgementally.
I feel as if you are trying to reason about current science by reading
Lister and Pasteur.  Those were interesting mileposts, but times do
change...even in political theory.  Perhaps their are deep abiding social
truths...but as something of a student of politics myself, I tend to doubt
I think it is very useful to have people shouting "totalitarian" "Nazi" or
other academic slurs at those of us muddling through.  It gives one a
passing thought and perhaps some pause.  I for one hope you will continue to
raise the warning flags and keep chucking the epithets even if they are
fired in anger or interpreted in anger.
Those of us who work in government do try to listen and it is worthwhile.
Of course I separate my work strongly from my non-work...including dabbling
here.  But in some ways Eliot the poet was Eliot the banker.
We also try our own methods of coping and moving forward.  I share your
concerns about failures of justice.  There are many frustrating crises of
humanity now.  One huge one, Cuba, sits just a few tens of miles from where
I write right now.  We would undoubtedly view that situation through very
different eyes.  One of us may be right and the other wrong, but I doubt it
is that simple.
How we view the ideals of the future prospects of humanity are where I think
the discussion matters. You are largely driven by a canon.  Your views thus
strike me as quasi-religious...with a strong sense of what is and what is
not orthodox.  It is frustrating for both the holder of a canon and those
who argue with them to try to have a discourse about anything other than the
Where the interesting possibilities lie is in unexplored turf...where the
canon need not be defining and the received conventional wisdom need not be
dogma.  Maybe it is there we can continue to share discussion.  I certainly
hope so.  It is valuable to deal with incorrigible students.  They do
sometimes correct...or move us to do so. q

@_date: 2009-12-25 09:40:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
Hi Michel,
Very interesting link.  Much of it I disagree with, but much is, I think,
spot on, but it misses the big picture.
I have been following the supply push inflation argument for some time (as
one sees in this article).  So far, there is no sign it is true...or little
sign.  States can quite happily leave interest rates low AND print money.  I
think the reasons for this are two-fold:
1. The world would literally collapse if credit stopped flowing.  Collapse
is something so terrible to comprehend that no one who has any serious power
wants it.  Credit is the life-blood of the present...not capital.  The
fundamental equation of capitalism was...I can find projects by being clever
that merit my borrowing funds with a high likelihood of pay-back of risk
capital.  Sadly, there are few projects during this recession that can
justify debt even at low costs.  Thus, interest rates cannot climb...no
matter how much cash supply flows in the economy.
2. Governments, long the source of Keynesian uptake of surplus credit have
over-extended themselves trying to bribe the public with get goods now pay
later schemes. Thus, no one wants to lend them money and they will not pay
higher prices to borrow...
No one really knows the outcome of this because it has never happened
before.  Anyone who says otherwise, I assure you, is ill-informed.  We are
simply in a new place economically.  It is "peak leverage."  It isn't that
we don't have more money to lend...it is that no one has the capacity to
borrow.  So supply push inflation is not likely...despite what the article
suggests.  I also think collapse is unlikely...because as soon as an
capacity emerges, it will again be leveraged...especially by governments
which cannot exist without bribing voters.  In the old days, monarchs would
simply hammer the poor.  Today, the poor tend to vote.
It is broadly assumed that either the governments or the private sector must
de-lever (reduce their debt loads).  The trouble is, the private sector
de-levers by having jobs and high incomes.  Right now, there are few
projects that merit investment so there are few that can generate cash flows
for high-wage jobs.  Governments cannot de-lever without raising
taxes...which makes the situation even worse on those trying to gain some
traction against their own personal debt loads.
Consequently, the perfect storm exists of governments being deeply in debt,
individuals being deeply in debt and projects being few for creating growth
(that is, there are no ideas so compelling people want them regardless, so
they will take even more risk...)
There is no simple way out of this but that does not imply collapse.  It
probably implies slow down...a general malaise lasting a generation or
more.  That is neither the answer that go-go capitalists or revolutionary
socialists want, but it is the probably reality.  Thus, for those in
relatively OK shape...in short, the wealthy, they are hunkering down,
conserving and trying to last out the storm...which may go on for a
generation or two.  Meanwhile technology advances...even accelerates.
My own personal view is that there is no way out of this problem without
radical improvements in technology that effectively change the game.  In
short, the old system hasn't died, but it is so sick and will be so for so
long, that it cannot be relied upon.  Thus, both the left and right are
contemplating what could serve as the new normal.
In the US the right is trying to gain time...blocking any change at all
until they can come up with a feasible strategy for preserving wealth and
the political status quo.  I am fairly confident no such outcome exists...so
really, they are in a  long death strategy...call it aging gracefully.  The
left lacks the compelling political message to motivate large numbers who
are, frankly, terrified of the abyss they see swallowing more and more of
their friends.  The left is equally in survival mode trying to get basic
services for those who have been destroyed by the slow-down.  Easy money for
the unskilled is gone.  Skills are getting vastly more complex rapidly...a
few at the bottom of the ladder can keep up.  This will fuel growth for the
marginal left, local greens, etc. but it won't matter much in the grand
scheme.  Politically it might matter...especially in Europe...but Europe is
becoming peripheral...not so much economically, but in terms of social power
and influence.  Colonialism is finally dying.
The only (good) answer is technology movements that shift the game.  I
simply see no other feasible answer that arises in less than 20 years.  On
the other hand, I for one believe the probabilities are very very high
(above 0.7) that technology does come up with game shifting advances
relatively soon.   And now that we have the internet, these will be known
almost instantly...
Anyway, that's my way of viewing it...always interested in others...

@_date: 2009-12-25 11:08:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
I think very few crises occur without sea change technology events.
Printing presses, airplanes/telephones, PCs/Internets typically create
vortexes that distend systems into great crises.  The game changes (or sea
changes) rarely come from within the economy itself.  I actually think
capitalism is fairly stable ceteris paribus...particularly in the absence of
Your wave, if it comes, will come on the back of technology shifts.  Which
ones, I have no idea.  The obvious candidates would be cheap/low carbon
energy, life extension technologies, robotics/AGI detroying human labor as a
reasonable prospect.  That's my bet anyway.
Radical inflation is a boon to governments...I think that's why the
conspiracy/anti-government crowd loves the idea.  As usual, they are blinded
from the facts by their own ideology.

@_date: 2009-12-25 11:50:37
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
I work to make states better.  I am no apologist for them.  I try to work
with reality and try to relax current real rules when trying to see various
futures.  I know of no other way forward. If there are others that are
realistic, I'm certainly open to them.
I don't intend to hide in technology arguments.  I don't hide behind much.
I try to be forthright and clear.
I like to think I participate here so as to learn for my own improvement.  I
have no ego invested, no stake, no reputation I seek to gird or extend.  The
beauty of these sorts of venues is that they draw smart people who don't
have to play the little social games of the academy.  They dysfunctions and
coteries of institutional power and rhetoric are mercifully minimal here.  I
don't earn my living from anything even remotely close to what is discussed
here.  I do care about people and futures and I try to find pragmatic ways
forward.  Like many, I find my mind vexed by difficult times from which I
have found little comfort in religious texts, economic texts or political
My ideas are simply my ideas.  I am not trying to convince you nor anyone
else.  In context, I write on occasion, provocatively.  Ideas need a certain
raw edge to merit any focus.  But I try to feel legitimately about what I
write.  I am not usually ignorant; naivety is a subjective assessment.  I
tend to think being a touch naive opens up some fresh possibilities.
You may be right that governments are inherently evil and technology will be
our undoing as a repressive instrument of the Man.  Thinking that way makes
me rather low.
I work with excellent people in government who serve out of deep commitment
to others.  Perfect?  No.  Inherently flawed?  Maybe.  But they get their
hands dirty in Walzer's sense.  That may merit dismissal and cynicism as a
class action.  But I'm not buying it.  I know the truth is different...at
least the truth I experience.

@_date: 2009-12-26 14:05:18
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A bibliography on Spanish online politics and 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: A bibliography on Spanish
online politics and Politics 2.0 via ICTlogy by Ismael Pe?a-L?pez on
For a paper I am preparing about Politics 2.0 in Spain ? and that has
already produced a definition of Politics 2.0 ? I had to gather quite a
good bunch of literature. There is quite some information about online
politics, some about politics 2.0, but very few about Politics 2.0,
especially academic literature about Politics 2.0 in Spain, which is
scarce. Thus, writing that paper has required some interesting academic
Below I?ve listed the bibliography that so far I?m using to structure
and back my paper. Beyond the bibliography that follows, three events
helped much in collecting insights, ideas and find many interesting
references. My gratitude to the speakers at these events:
- 5th Internet, Law and Politics Conference: The Pros and Cons of
Social Networking Sites
- Citizen Politics: Are the New Media Reshaping Political Engagement?
- 4th Internet, Law and Politics Congress: Towards citizenship 2.0? Tag
cloud of the bibliography
- Communication
- Digital Divide
- Digital Literacy
- e-Democracy
- e-Government
- e-Politics
- e-Readiness
- Government
- Human Rights
- ICT & Information Society
- ICT Infrastructure
- Participation & Uses
- Politics and Political Science
- Regulation
- Social Software
- Sociology A bibliography on Spanish online politics and Politics 2.0
Anduiza, E., Gallego, A. & Jorba, L. (2009). The Political Knowledge
Gap in the New Media Environment: Evidence from Spain. Prepared for the
seminar Citizen Politics: Are the New Media Reshaping Political
Engagement? Barcelona, May 28th-30th 2009. Barcelona: IGOP. Arnstein,
S. R. (1969). ?A Ladder of Citizen Participation?. In American
Institute of Planners,
Journal of the American Institute of Planners, Vol. 35, No. 4, July
1969, pp. 216-224. Boston: American Institute of Planners. Batlle, A.,
Borge, R., Cardenal, A. S. & Padr?-Solanet, A. (2007). Reconsidering
the analysis of the uses of ICTs by political parties: an application
to the Catalan case. Communication presented at the 4th ECPR General
Conference. Pisa: ECPR. Bimber, B. & Davis, R. (2003). Campaigning
Online. The Internet in U.S. Elections. Oxford: Oxford University
Press. Borge, R. (2005). ?La participaci?n electr?nica: estado de la
cuesti?n y aproximaci?n a su clasificaci?n?. In
IDP. Revista de Internet, Derecho y Ciencia Pol?tica, (1). Barcelona:
UOC. Borge, R., Colombo, C. & Welp, Y. (2009). ?Online and offline
participation at the local level. A quantitative analysis of the
Catalan municipalities?. In
Information, Communication & Society, 12 (6), 1-30 . London: Routledge.
Cantijoch, M. (2009). Reinforcement and mobilization: the influence of
the Internet on different types of political participation. Prepared
for the seminar Citizen Politics: Are the New Media Reshaping Political
Engagement? Barcelona, May 28th-30th 2009. Barcelona: IGOP. Castells,
M. (2007). ?Communication, Power and Counter-power in the Network
Society?. In
International Journal of Communication, 1, 238-266. Los Angeles: USC
Annenberg Press. Chadwick, A. & Howard, P. N. (2008). Routledge
Handbook of Internet Politics. New York: Routledge. Chadwick, A.
(2009). ?Web 2.0: New Challenges for the Study of E-Democracy in an Era
of Informational Exuberance?. In
I/S: A Journal of Law and Policy for the Information Society, 5 (1), 9
? 41. Columbus: Ohio State University. Cornfield, M. (2005). The
Internet and Campaign 2004: A Look Back at the Campaigners. Washington,
DC: Pew Internet & American Life Project. Criado, J. I. & Mart?nez
Fuentes, G. (2009). ??Hacia la conquista pol?tica de la blogosfera?
Blogging electoral en la campa?a de los comicios municipales del 2007?.
IDP. Revista de Internet, Derecho y Ciencia Pol?tica, (8). Barcelona:
Universitat Oberta de Catalunya.
Cristancho, C. & Salcedo, J. (2009). Assessing Internet Mobilization ?
Integrating Web Analysis and Survey Data. Prepared for the seminar
Citizen Politics: Are the New Media Reshaping Political Engagement?
Barcelona, May 28th-30th 2009. Barcelona: IGOP. Davies, T. & Pe?a
Gangadharan, S. (Eds.) (2009). Online Deliberation. Design, Research,
and Practice. Standford: CSLI Publications. Dutta, S. & Mia, I. (Eds.)
(2009). Global Information Technology Report 2008-2009: Mobility in a
Networked World. Basingstoke: Palgrave Macmillan. Dutton, W. H. (2007).
Through the Network (of Networks) ? the Fifth Estate. Inaugural
Lecture, Examination Schools, University of Oxford, 15 October 2007.
Oxford: Oxford Internet Institute. Elmer, G., Langlois, G., Devereaux,
Z., Ryan, P. M., McKelvey, F., Redden, J. & Curlew, A. B. (2009).
??Blogs I Read?: Partisanship and Party Loyalty in the Canadian
Political Blogosphere?. In
Journal of Information Technology & Politics, 6 (2), 156 ? 165. London:
Routledge. Fleishman-Hillard (2009). European Parliament Digital
Trends. Brussels: Fleishman-Hillard. Franco ?lvarez, G. & Garc?a
Martul, D. (2008). ?Los efectos de las redes ciudadanas en la campa?a
electoral del 9-M?. In
?mbitos, (17), 25-36. Sevilla: Universidad de Sevilla. Gibson, R. K.
(2009). ?New Media and the Revitalisation of Politics?. In
Representation, 45 (3), 289 ? 299. London: Routledge. Gonzalez-Bailon,
S. (2008). The inner digital divide: How the web contributes (or not)
to political equality. Working Paper Number 2008-02. Oxford: University
of Oxford. Hara, N. (2008). ?Internet use for political mobilization:
Voices of the participants?. In
First Monday, 7 July 2008, 13 (7). [online]: First Monday. Hillygus,
S. & Shields, T. (2007). The Persuadable Voter: Campaign Strategy,
Wedge Issues, And The Fragmentation Of American Politics. Princeton:
Princeton University Press. Howard, P. N. (2005). ?Deep Democracy, Thin
Citizenship: The Impact of Digital Media in Political Campaing
Strategy?. In
The ANNALS of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, 597
(1), 153-170. London: SAGE Publications.
Institute for Politics, Democracy & the Internet (2004). Political
Influentials Online in the 2004 Presidential Campaign. Washington, DC:
The George Washington University. Jacobson, D. (1999). ?Impression
Formation in Cyberspace?. In
Journal of Computer-Mediated Communication, 5 (1). Washington, DC:
International Communication Association. Jensen, M. J. (2009).
Political Participation, Alienation, and the Internet in the United
States and Spain. Prepared for the seminar Citizen Politics: Are the
New Media Reshaping Political Engagement? Barcelona, May 28th-30th
2009. Barcelona: IGOP. Katz, J. E., Rice, R. E. & Aspden, P. (2001).
?The Internet, 1995-2000: Access, Civic Involvement, and Social
Interaction?. In
American Behaviorial Scientist, 45 (3), 405-419. London: SAGE
Publications. Kelly, J., Fisher, D. & Smith, M. (2005). Debate,
Division, and Diversity: Political Discourse Networks in USENET
Newsgroups. Paper prepared for the. Palo Alto: Stanford University.
Kelly, J. (2008). Pride of Place: Mainstream Media and the Networked
Public Sphere. Media Re:public Side Papers. Cambridge: Berkman Center
for Internet and Society at Harvard University. Kirkman, G., Cornelius,
P. K., Sachs, J. D. & Schwab, K. (Eds.) (2002). Global Information
Technology Report 2001-2002: Readiness for the Networked World. New
York: Oxford University Press. Lenhart, A. (2009). Adults and social
network websites. Washington, DC: Pew Internet & American Life Project.
Morozov, E. (2009). ?How dictators watch us on the web?. In
Prospect, December 2009, (165). London: Prospect Publishing Limited.
Norris, P. & Curtice, J. (2006). ?If You Build a Political Web Site,
Will They Come? The Internet and Political Activism in Britain?. In
International Journal of Electronic Government Research, 2 (2), 1-21.
Hershey: IGI Global. Noveck, B. S. (2005). ?A democracy of groups?. In
First Monday, 10 (11). [online]: First Monday.
Noveck, B. S. (2008). ?Wiki-Government?. In
Democracy, Winter 2008, (7), 31-43. Washington, DC: Democracy, a
Journal of Ideas, Inc.. O?Reilly, T. (2005). What Is Web 2.0.
Sebastopol: O. Oates, S., Owen, D. & Gibson, R. K. (Eds.) (2006). The
Internet and Politics. Citizens, Voters and Activists. New York:
Routledge. Observatorio Nacional de las Telecomunicaciones y la
Sociedad de la Informaci?n (2009). Evoluci?n de los usos de Internet en
Espa?a 2009. Madrid: ONTSI. Padr?-Solanet, A. (2009). The Strategic
Adaptation of Party Organizations to the New Information and
Communication Technologies: A Study of Catalan and Spanish Parties.
Paper prepared for presentation at the Workshop 20: ?Parliaments,
Parties and Politicians in Cyberspace? ECPR Joint Sessions Lisbon,
April 14-19 2009. Lisbon: ECPR. Pe?a-L?pez, I. (2008). Ciudadanos
Digitales vs. Insituciones Anal?gicas. Conference imparted in
Candelaria, May 9th, 2008 at the iCities Conference about Blogs,
e-Government and Digital Participation. Candelaria: ICTlogy.
Pe?a-L?pez, I. (2009a). Goverati: New competencies for politics,
government and participation. Seminar at the Course: Digital
Competences: Knowledge, skills and attitudes for the Network Society.
CUIMPB, 16th July 2009. Barcelona: ICTlogy. Pe?a-L?pez, I. (2009b).
Measuring digital development for policy-making: Models, stages,
characteristics and causes. PhD Thesis. [mimeo] Pew Research Center for
The People & The Press (2008). Social Networking and Online Videos Take
Off. Internet?s Broader Role in Campaign 2008. Washington, D.C.: Pew
Research Center for the People & the Press. Peytib?, F. X., Rodr?guez,
J. A. & Guti?rrez-Rub?, A. (2008). ?La experiencia de las elecciones
generales del 2008?. In
IDP. Revista de Internet, Derecho y Ciencia Pol?tica, (7). Barcelona:
Universitat Oberta de Catalunya. Robles, J. M. (2008). Ciudadan?a
Digital. Un acercamiento a las causas de la ideolog?a de los
internautas espa?oles. Research seminar held on July, 3rd, 2008 in
Barcelona, Universitat Oberta de Catalunya. [mimeo] Smith, A. (2008).
Post-Election Voter Engagement. Washington, D.C.: Pew Internet &
American Life Project. Smith, A. & Rainie, L. (2008). The internet and
the 2008 election. Washington, D.C.: Pew Internet & American Life
Project. Sunstein, C. R. (2001). Republic.com. Princeton: Princeton
University Press. Tichenor, P. J., Donohue, G. A. & Olien, C. N.
(1970). ?Mass media flow and differential growth in knowledge?. In
Public Opinion Quarterly, 34 (2), 159 ? 170. Oxford: Oxford University
Press. Traficantes de Sue?os (Ed.) (2004). ?P?salo! Relatos y an?lisis
sobre el 11-M y los d?as que le siguieron. Madrid: Traficantes de
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to ICTlogy using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-26 09:08:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A year review of robotic advances for 2009 
Will soon be an interesting historical document...

@_date: 2009-12-26 17:46:41
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
Yes, when information was sparse, that was the case.  Though changes in
organization are just a different form of technology.
But now, I doubt it can be the case that technology can lay dormant.  It is
information sharing mechanisms that shatters times.  The Kindle device sold
more units this Christmas than Amazon sold books.  Think of the implications
of that!  We are rapidly moving toward hyper-informational protocols where
old systems like books, journals, academic coteries, etc. are going to seem
very backward indeed.  It is the organizations that are now hopelessly
lagging.  Harvard and Oxford are a joke.  They have no idea how to respond
to free, rapid, abundant data and ideas from large quantity open-source
sensors and sharing systems.  They'll look innovative when they catch up.
The universities now are bastions of backwardness.  They are fortresses of
darkness...like something from a Pink Floyd album, terrified that people are
going to see how stupid it all is and how wasteful...the cozy and biased
committees, the closed-minded journal editors, the self-serving university
presses that protect a way of life more than their fundamental ideals.
The Droid is blowing out of stores...totally revolutionary in terms of open
source and open systems content.  The first mass market open systems device
really.  In 2012 we will have 75 lap tablets in the OLPC system that are
going to bring easy technology to virtually every child on earth where
governments aren't completely evil (e.g. Islamic countries, state socialist
countries, etc.) including full Internet access.
We are winning the technology war on close-mindedness and hierarchy...and we
are doing it with the market in tow.  It is very exciting.
If that be technology determinism, then I plead guilty.
By the way, UK scientists have just cured high blood pressure in about 80%
of cases with a 1 hour 500 dollar operation that is trivial.  That will save
millions of lives per year and extend life expectancy a decade in many
I remember talking to a venture capitalist once who said the real
revolutions of the sixties happened in computer garages and in biology
labs.  It was true.  The same is happening now. The world is transforming
and 99.9% of the people don't have a vague clue about just how extraordinary
the change is...one transformative technology after the other.  It is the
organizations and the social mores that are primitive.

@_date: 2009-12-26 20:31:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
You are of course right.  There is much in doubt.  My point is what is
hopeful IS technology.  I am not trying to be naive and idealistic about
what will undoubtedly be only an insufficient impact.  But THE hope is
technology.  We are actually making little ground socially.  Copenhagen just
fell apart.  There is much to feel gloomy about.  To me, it is a race.
Technology versus doom (and I do not feel that is hyperbole).  I have little
choice but to hope for technology.

@_date: 2009-12-26 20:36:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Good diagnosis...hopelessly antiquated solutions.  It is neither through
radical reductions and government and growth in markets nor is it through
some rebirthing of all the deleterious socialist models of the past that the
future will be born.
I am so disappointed to read the Europeans.  The seem lost in the 19th
century.  I hope that wonderful continent wakes up to the future rather than
pining so pitifully for the past.

@_date: 2009-12-26 20:54:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
Yes, I agree.  But only if there is technology embedded and the construction
is progressive...not backward looking and sentimental.  The past cannot help

@_date: 2009-12-27 17:02:36
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Barry Yeoman's "Green-Collar Work Plan" excerpted in 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Barry Yeoman's "Green-Collar
Work Plan" excerpted in new issue of Utne Reader [Terra Sigillata] via
ScienceBlogs : Combined Feed by Abel Pharmboy none at example.com on
Sitting back today looking at news and webcams in my former home of
Colorado had me also reflecting on the events that conspired to put me
in North Carolina. This unexpected turn in my life also opened me up to
a local community of remarkably creative people with national and
international reputations in their respective fields.
One of these people whom I am fortunate to call a local hero is
journalist Barry Yeoman. Barry was described in the Columbia Journalism
Review as, "(One of) the best unsung investigative journalists working
in print in the United States.... Yeoman specializes in becoming a part
of his subjects' lives; he works hard to dispel the image of the
parachute journalist who drops in, grabs the story, and runs."
Consistent with that description, Barry recently wrote an article for
Audubon magazine on the real-life potential for economic and workforce
revitalization by expansion of the green industry. "Green-Collar Work
Plan" has now been picked up in excerpted form for the January-February
2010 issue of Utne Reader. Barry's article is one of four focusing on
the cover theme: how to benefit financially in the green economy.
The article describes the turnaround in Newton, Iowa, from loss of
laundry appliance maker Maytag then expands to a cross-country
assessment of reharnessing manufacturing and other blue-collar
expertise for the renewable energy industry. For all the warm fuzzies
many of us get about solar energy, windfarms, and biodiesel, folks with
the big bucks are only going to invest in an industry that is
economically viable. Yeoman tells an engaging story, with several cases
where it is working, and weaves in facts of which I was previously
Read the rest of this post... | Read the comments on this post...
Also check out the featured ScienceBlog of the week: Effect Measure
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to ScienceBlogs : Combined Feed using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-27 14:05:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What happens in one minute... 
15 babies are born with birth defects.  Oprah Winfrey makes 523 dollars.

@_date: 2009-12-28 08:59:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
Historical consciousness is inevitable--and you are correct that it is
overdone....Europe to me, seems fixated on the past either out of guilt or
the need for identity as their societies shatter and transform over
demographic issues (which you note).  The US markets to each other...Europe
sells the past (and some utopian non-future) to itself.  We are green...we
are young...we are peaceful...we have matured to be the way the world should
be!   In reality, we created a huge colonial mess because (after all) our
culture is superior, we did nothing about it, we've exhausted ourselves on
petty and egotistical wars and now we are fixated on meaningless cultural
fineries that will die with us because our young people realize spending
huge amounts of time refining a chocolate or a glass of wine, or spending
millions to recover some old sunken wooden boat that is 3/4 rotted, is just
a tad self-involved. In turn, our young have become hopeless idealists who
have no workable theory of the world other than I want to do what I think is
useful and cool and the government should pay for it while I throw rocks at
Group of 8 events and "hang out".
More seriously, I do admire the Nordic nation shaping and idealist turned
action plan, but the core of Europe is a basket case that makes America look
hopeful.  Hardly an American in the political or business elite isn't aware
that Germany will likely be a Muslim majority nation by 2030.  Europe seems,
once again, to be in a blissful state of ennui concerning its own very real
issues.  Ignore the demographic calamity...recycle our bottles!   Don't
engage in the messes we've made and get dirty, instead focus on the 19th
century or talk about the Nazis...all over a nice glass of wine and a pretty
confection...if only Americans were so refined they wouldn't be so obese!
Surely the tourists will still come...we've got ALL the art...all the pretty
little buildings with rococo carvings so carefully guarded from acid rain!
You'll never see a strip mall here!
The US is not so much fixated on a real past as it is sentimental about a
past that never existed.   Which is worse, I cannot say.  But both are
diseases of decline.  At least the US is aware it is ill and trying to do
something about it...though rather pitifully.
Moreover, we dwell on the past continuously in any sort of educated
circles.  There are few lessons there and almost no good ideas--god help us
from the political and economic writers of the last 500 years who meant well
but simply don't apply to the modern human condition.  Contexts vary too
much.  In that sense, social constructivists were right.  They were also
right about sensemaking and the failure to create enduring facts about
non-tautological data.  They were also right about category errors--though
that criticism is now overdone. Where they have been tragically
wrong--criminally wrong--is in stoking equivalency in moral reasoning and in
suggesting that point of view carried as a much weight as more objective
measures of "truthiness."  That has caused almost endless mischief from the
evil folks of the world (Imams, deniers, terrorists, etc.)...and it was the
social constructivists who largely enabled them and gave them legitimacy
beyond their own power structures.
I agree that what you call neoliberalism attempts self-revival.  I see it
every day.  I also believe that, from my perspective (and this is a highly
subjective opinion) that their heart is no longer in it.  They no longer
believe their own tropes, they are only rationalizing their plunder.
Dark times.  And yet the brightest of times.  The revolution of the iPhone,
the blackberry, the Nokia phone, the Internet, Facebook, etc. marches
on...shattering worlds while being happily ignored lest we forget the very
real insights of the Icarian Movement or Fourier.  Doctors hide information
and act more like business players than healers...and yet people communicate
on the Internet about their conditions and try to build relevant portraits
of the truth...no relativism there.  Some take a vaccine, some don't.  But
at least decisions are made.

@_date: 2009-12-28 09:29:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
I actually disagree about Latin America...but I am ignorant.  It seems a
socialist morass to me tied to population and government budget time bombs.
Venezuela is on the brink of collapse.  War is really their only
answer...thus they rattle the sabers with Colombia.  Brazil looks somewhat
promising.  Argentina is practically a US state...uses the dollar, looks
like California, etc.  I hear from people who visit there that it feels very
American.  Costa Rica, Honduras, etc...all in political and/or gang crises.
Panama seems to be doing quite well.  Mexico is always on the
brink...American (sorry, US) politicians are terrified Mexico will implode.
Japan, agreed.  I think it is the future...they are facing the end-times
that Europe is ignoring, but the difference is they are not so much
importing cheap labor at the cost of their social identity.
I try to be hopeful about Africa, but they always seem to find a new way to
fail.  Asia...is the future.  If I were young, I'd go and find my place
there as the coming century becomes what it will be in Japan, Korea,
Thailand, China, Indonesia, India, etc.  It is a huge fraction of the
population and the land mass.  But that is an American worldview...moving to
where the future will be.
I read where Portland Oregon is the second most green city on the planet.
How one does that it an American context, I have no idea.  I also read where
Switzerland recycles 90%+ of its glass.  Amazing.  Maybe we need to be less
bounded and more open to the possibilities that seem to be emerging all
over.  All those old prejudices and walls die hard.
I wonder why good software isn't coming from Latin America or Africa yet?
There is something about peripheries and technology development that is very
strange...even where they could amass skills, they do not.

@_date: 2009-12-28 11:10:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
It seems we are stalled at the 3G/4G barrier.  Korea and few others seem to
be crossing it.  What is the social/economic problem?  I assume it is not a
technical hurdle.  I'm thinking it is a pricing issue...4G is simply too
powerful for the pricing models of all the older products to survive.
While I know I have positioned myself as a technology fan and optimist, I
always worry about the necessary leaps beyond various boundaries.  3g/4g
seems a huge hurdles we've been discussing for 10 years.

@_date: 2009-12-28 12:27:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Your Amazon.com order 102-0690203-1681842 has 
Dear rlanham1963 at gmail.com,
Today ButterflyPhoto shipped item(s) in your order, placed on December 24,
SHIPPING DETAILS
The following items were sold by and shipped from ButterflyPhoto in
package 1 of this shipment:
1 of JBL On Stage Micro Portable Speaker Dock for iPod (Green)
Shipping Carrier: FedEx
Ship Date: December 27, 2009
Shipping Speed: Standard
Carrier Tracking ID: 840748810113366
Your shipping address:
   Ryan & Katherine Lanham (NCI-6023)
   7260 NW 25TH ST
   MIAMI, FL 33122-1701
   United States
If you have additional items in your order, you will receive an e-mail
when those items have shipped.
If you have questions about this order, including the status of your
shipment, you can either visit  or
e-mail ButterflyPhoto to get in touch directly with ButterflyPhoto.
Safe Shopping Tips
Amazon.com works hard to protect our customers. For your safety, when
ordering items advertised by sellers other than Amazon.com:
* Always place your orders directly through Amazon.com. Never send money
directly to sellers through wire transfers or checks; we do not guarantee
such transactions.
* Beware of e-mails that request direct payments, request payment to
international locations, or ask for personal information. Amazon.com will
never e-mail you to pay for Marketplace transactions outside our shopping
cart, or ask you to confirm personal information such as a credit card
number or password via e-mail. If a particular e-mail looks suspicious or
unusual, please contact us directly.
Reporting suspicious activity at
 will help us enhance
marketplace safety and serve you better in the future.
For more safe-shopping tips, read about Safe Online Transactions at
Order Details
Amazon Order       102-0690203-1681842
 1 of JBL On Stage Micro Portable Speaker Dock for iPod (Green), $73.49*
*above item(s) sold by and shipped from ButterflyPhoto

@_date: 2009-12-28 18:05:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Your Amazon.com order 102-0690203-1681842 
Sorry to all...apparently a baby visiting our house banged my keyboard while
gmail was up.  I have a shortcut of cntrl-p to forward.  Whoops!
By the way, no worries on my info...it is a freight forwarding company
listed...not a personal address.  Amazon doesn't ship direct to the Cayman
Islands...we need to use freight forwarding and customs brokers.

@_date: 2009-12-29 14:22:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
Please point me to interesting developments in Latin America as you see
them.  I'd love to be proven wrong.  A friend just told me that Panama is
the new el Dorado.  Who knows...  I don't know Spanish so my ignorance of
the topic is almost boundless.

@_date: 2009-12-29 14:27:14
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
Link doesn't work for me...tried just gliderlab...anybody have any ideas?

@_date: 2009-12-30 13:35:14
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Panasonic=E2=80=99s_new_home_battery_cou?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Panasonic?s new home battery
could store a week?s-worth of electricity via VentureBeat by Camille
Ricketts on 12/24/09
Panasonic is charging into the green space headlong ? first with deals
to supply batteries for electric and hybrid vehicles ? and now
announcing that it will launch a massive lithium-ion storage battery
capable of powering an average home for up to a week, the company says.
This is significant for two reasons. First, if home batteries like this
one become commonplace, renewable sources of energy like rooftop solar
and residential turbines could finally take off. The biggest roadblock
to their adoption is that they are intermittent; reliable storage is
needed to make them effective. Second, if affordable storage is
achieved on the home-level, there might be less need for grid-scale
storage, which is pricier and harder to accomplish.
The announcement is hastened by Panasonic?s acquisition of a more than
50 percent stake in Sanyo, making the company a battery manufacturing
powerhouse that could trounce almost everyone else in the market,
including A123Systems, Johnson Controls-Saft, Valence Technologies, and
others. Becoming the earliest entrant into the home storage space would
solidify its dominance.
Panasonic, which says it has already thoroughly tested this technology,
plans to bundle its storage device with a home energy monitoring system
that would allow users to view how much power they are using and how
much it is costing them right on their television displays. This could
make the company a major player in the smart grid arena as well.
Depending on how successful Panasonic is at marketing its household
battery (and bringing down the cost), it could become a formidable
competitor for fuel-cell makers like Clear Edge Power. Fuel cells also
allow for low-emission operations, converting natural gas into
electricity and recycled heat. But they don?t store electricity for use
later, which is a major need for alternative energies to gain traction.
Panasonic, which scored a deal to supply batteries to Tesla Motors in
October, has already successfully pushed automotive battery makers out
of the market, like Imara, which shuttered earlier this month. Valence,
being kept afloat by a new contract with Smith Electric Vehicles, could
be next if it doesn?t move fast. In any case, it will have a head
start, with Panasonic?s storage system not hitting stores until 2011.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to VentureBeat using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-12-30 09:32:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
It sounds mysteriously like "government."  Do people really think this will
work?  I can think of 1000 problems almost instantly.  First, who controls
the working release?  Governance will be a continual headache and there will
be no clear way to identify who has the expertise and the commitment to be
good at governance.  Second, no one will fund start-up risks--this only
works where markets fail.  Third, you have to "nationalize" success by
taking away risk venture incentives away from entrepreneurs.  Fourth,
government programs are always rife with excessive start up costs and
intensive free riding issues.  Nothing here addresses those. (And I work for
In the case of Twitter, lots of people are thinking through monetizing the
engine now.  If it doesn't work, then it is entirely possible the owners
will make it a co-op...a very standard and widely used market model.
Sorry, but I see nothing new here at all.

@_date: 2009-12-30 10:56:04
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
HI Michel,
I do hope for the people who live there's sake, you are right about
Venezuela and I am a victim of anti-left propaganda.  We'll see.  My guess
is that Chavez has burned through his foreign reserves and distributed them
to his poor as social programs.  Whether that shock caused lasting good
things, time will tell.  It seems to have moved the numbers for a time.

@_date: 2009-12-30 11:02:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
To my mind, what made Mozilla and Apache such great successes is that they
started with governance and funding.  I like microfunding ideas in
general...but the tough part is the link to governance.  If there are new
and exciting ways around those issues, I'm for it.  What if Twitter was
Apache is an interesting discussion.  But the fact is, it isn't.  On
Christmas Even (24 December) there were more tweets than humans on the
planet.  That's some serious infrastructure costs and technical risk.  I'm
not sure something like that (or Firefox) can be managed without very
sophisticated organizational units that enjoy pay/benefits etc. along lines
of a conventional organization.
There's no question the idea of the sharing and micropayments are big

@_date: 2009-12-31 09:33:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] fakeness of recovery 
I cannot speak to the details of any social situation.  I know what is going
on in Venezuela is profound and beyond reversal and have heard this from a
few people I've asked informally who are more knowledgeable than me.  The
jury is somewhat out...but trending pretty negative from people I've chatted
with here.  Most of the old Venezuelan oligarchs are now ensconced in a
thriving Panama.  Panama and Colombia are emerging as economic powerhouses.
Chile and Bolivia are trading a great deal of natural resources to China and
some finished products (e.g. wine) to the U.S.
People I talked to here were very positive about Colombia and Argentina.
Chile was dismissed as a natural resource story...as was Bolivia.  Bolivia,
I was told, compares very well with Zambia in Africa.  Both possible risers
based on huge natural resource wealth (both in mostly copper).
People here regularly visit Colombia...Baranquillo especially...which is
booming.  I hear Caracas is like Havana...locked in a former time...sort of
frozen.  People who invest are investing in Panama.
We watch Honduras closely...have a regular flight there.  It is poor and
struggling, but only modestly corrupt compared to some others (especially
the much doubted Belize.)
I'll ask around and see if I can get anything more.  I hear Peru is
considered very corrupt...as is Ecuador.  Apparently the way to get a job
in those places is strictly through nepotism.  Belize is probably
the regional capital of corruption.

@_date: 2009-12-31 09:57:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] George Siemens rants about openness in education... 
George is, to my mind, one of the leading educational thinkers on the
planet...here he rants about openness and education...right as usual.

@_date: 2009-12-31 10:07:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Barcelona Charter... 
I think we've covered this before...but here is a link to the Barcelona
It was in the comments on the Geo. Siemens article.

@_date: 2009-12-31 22:54:09
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cost of Health Care By Country, 
============================== START ==============================
  Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Cost of Health Care By Country,
as Compared to Life Expectancy via GOOD by Zach Frechette on 12/31/09
National Geographic presents an excellent infographic illustrating the
cost of health care in different countries vs. life expectancy. Via
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to GOOD using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-07-08 08:17:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The rise and fall (and rise) of the commons 
I have been in Savannah GA the last few days.  It is interesting.  The
colony was founded in 1733 as a haven for debtors.  The idea was to advance
the commons in all its forms and to have people work together toward common
abundance.  Streets were planned around commons with public trust spaces
given the priority on every commons.  Interesting aside tht I had never
noticed before is that the first "public houses" became "pubs"--bars.  That
was 1733.
The experiment really never started off in any ideal sense with people
immediately jockeying for individual advantage, status and reduced work, and
it collapsed totally by 1755 when slavery was introduced (Georgia was the
only one of the 13 colonies founded without slavery and was a global
innovator in that respect).
Those interested in the success and failure of the commons would find much
of interest in the early founding ideas of Savannah.  One wonders what we
might have learned to make success any more likely.
Savannah has collapsed, burned and regrown again and again as a now
beautiful but sometimes troubled city--really an American ideal of sorts.
Its current leading enterprise is the fastest growing arts university in the
US, the Savannah College of Art and Design, which regularly uses its
academic output in historical preservation as a gift to the city and has
innovated by moving massive quantities of quality buildings it buys and
restores into its own inventory of distributed classrooms and studios.
The commons is an idea that continuously fails...and continuously thrives in
new manifestations and forms.  Savannah is perhaps one of the most
interesting versions of the rise, fall and rise again of the commons.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-07-16 14:47:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
On Thu, Jul 16, 2009 at 12:53 PM, Kevin Carson <
Centralization actually is quite efficient without qualification.  What
follows below is a different set of political goals than efficiency which is
typically taking as greatest output at lowest net cost.
I agree with all of this again.  But it isn't going to happen if the primary
social driver is efficiency.  You need to establish political systems that
value full employment, low consumption of energy, etc. for some clear gain
in comparative terms to how those gains could otherwise be achieved.
It's far from clear you will end up with these outcomes if you simply set
objectives (like a cap and trade system).  As the original writer wrote (and
I agree) decentralized agrarian systems are not very sensible ways to live
in a modern world.  Technologies for harvesting trees by the dozens an hour
in Minnesota or Norway make far more sense than hiring two guys in Brazil or
Indonesia to swing an axe.
I certainly wouldn't want to be amongst those damned to live on a 1/4
hectare when Europeans and Americans get to eat strawberries in November and
fatty fish in the Caribbean when they crawl off a huge diesel-powered cruise
ship.  I'd want my shot at wealth like those enjoying the best the planet
has to offer.
So, you either compel people to give up the opportunity for improvement or
you create incentives (income redistributions) for the political outcomes
you want (and can convince others to want.)
Decreasing amounts of microcredit are used for agricultural production
globally.  It's not a very safe business--risks are high and production is
quite variable.  Scale it up just a bit, and you get lots of credit from
governments, but still relatively little business credit.  Yet China has
booming shrimp farms (almost all smaller scale) and similar enterprises.
These sell shrimp that are eaten in restaurants in Florida (or Georgia)
where one sees billboards complaining about it.  But such systems give
people cheap shrimp and lots of logistics people good jobs flying airplanes,
working in airports, etc.  You can't just wipe that out without realizing
you are compelling places to a lower standard of living.  If the trade-offs
are worth it to informed citizens, they will lower their outputs in favor of
the environment, etc.  The issue is one of education and politics...not one
of technology.
Protein production is very challenging and fish/sea creatures are the
answer.  Asia is well ahead on this front...especially China.  But pollution
is high and resource use is dramatic.  But why shouldn't they do it if they
can make a good living?  Europe and the US will need to volunteer to be poor
before developing countries will volunteer to not be wealthier.

@_date: 2009-07-16 20:07:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
I hope it works for you.
I have many broken mindsets.  But I don't look forward to a world where
people don't profit.  I think such a world would be very unproductive,
boring and depressed.
What often appears as utopian is really dystopian.  I am inclined toward the
broken realities of the present that have been tested.  My hope is that all
those who see a better world test the outcomes on themselves before they
foist them on the rest of us.  That's always been the way to real progress.

@_date: 2009-07-17 11:58:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
Hi Michel:
When oil is $400 a barrel, the world will be different and people will act
differently.  But why would people act like oil is $400 a barrel when it is
$60 a barrel and many experts say the right price is $32 a barrel?
Clearly it is not realistic for India and China to become the US, but should
they volunteer to not become so?  I wouldn't if I were them, would you?  If
I were them, I'd say let Nigeria starve while I get closer to what
Mississippi or Romania has!  In short, why should anyone be selfless first?
Sure, that leads to problems, but that's the challenge of coming up with
solutions...you need incentives and mutual commitments.
Notably, those who have surpluses are the most likely to be generous.  I
don't see Sri Lanka falling all over itself to give its rather decent
software technology to Indonesia.  The analogy often used is a bucket of
crabs...crabs don't coordinate to get one or two of their kind out of a
bucket...instead they act to pull their compatriots back down into the buck
when they climb on the masses to get out.
Someday I will die, but I carry on consuming now because I am alive.  I work
to prevent preventable health crises, but I haven't always and most people
do not do so.  Many smoke, drink to excess, gain excessive weight, eat
poorly, etc.  It is a matter of choice.
We can either compel them against their will to what we think is right for
them, or let them choose what they think is right for them.  If you compel,
I am against you...to the death...and so are the great vast majorities of
the military and human powers that exist on the planet.  That said, I invite
any to try their own experiments in selflessness and idealism.  My ideals
include sharing...but also include profit and choice.  Painful balances, but
that is the price of being human.

@_date: 2009-07-17 12:07:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
besides profit, like charity, contribution, art, etc.  I simply hold the
view that profit greatly enhances global productivity...and probably the
great vast majority of humans tend to agree with my view.
People who see value in profit aren't evil or different, we just have
different views and priorities.  To pity us suggests you have found a
higher, better way with superior priorities, and that you have attained a
special enlightenment.  You haven't.  You've just found one you prefer.
There is no evidence yours leads to better outcomes...only differing ones.
Indeed your holding different preferences suggests you already believe
deeply in markets, personal choice and the rights to dissent.
Your way only becomes a higher way when you convince me (or others) to
prefer it of my own free will.  I certainly encourage you to experiment on
yourself all you want and to report back.  We always seem to have an excess
of theorists who discuss and shortage of leaders who do, but that is only my
opinion...not a fact in any discernable sense.

@_date: 2009-07-18 07:11:01
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a challenge to social media enthusiasm .. what 
What you include below doesn't surprise me at all; in fact, I've experienced
it first hand several times.  By the way, I think it is equally true of open
source ventures where I have noted an extreme capacity for organizations to
harbor the socially mal-adept, cynical, crypto-elitist and otherwise
self-serving ego-driven types as an overwhelming majority.  As we both have
some first hand experience and since it is a obvious target, it is easy to
visualize a personality profile of, say, Richard Stallman.  One finds
numerous deontologists, etc. in these domains and if these folks entered
paradise they'd complain about the rules.  In short, judgmental people are
drawn to organized commons.  They are contentious, combative, highly
self-certain and almost always judgmental.
It doesn't take a PhD in psychology to realize that many of these people are
expressing power and control in areas where they can do so because they are
maladjusted to conventional social frameworks.  But it does open the
question as to why altruism and selflessness do often occur--and when and
While I have no data to match this Israeli study, my own experience is that
those most committed to public good simply act on it and don't spend so much
time debating their role, how others should act, or what the governance
model is.  They aren't flamboyant about their service.  They simply just do
it.  They are pragmatists.  These are likened to "the spiritual" in
faith-based terms.  And then there is what I can only identify in my own
views as the religious.  They are all about the structure, their position,
the judgment, what is a crisis and what is the solution...and not so much
about the actual doing of something.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-07-18 09:46:24
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] US Foreclosures 
Note the difference in this map between Vermont (considered socialist by US
standards) and New Hampshire (considered Libertarian by US standards).

@_date: 2009-07-18 09:58:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peak Oil by Producing Nation 
One can almost see the social collapse coming soon in Venezuela.  Foreign
reserves will be depleted, and it will fall into Cuban-styled
authoritarianism. That will send ripples of fear through the right wings of
the South and Central Americas which will in turn hammer any sort of social

@_date: 2009-07-18 10:16:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] California Higher Ed versus Prisons 
Some insight from John Hagel's tweet on California's financial crisis:
John Hagel  RT  Ouch.
California's funding of UC system: $2.4 billion, amount spent on CA state
prisons: $11 billion

@_date: 2009-07-18 18:11:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Kolakowski is dead... 
His how to be a liberal-conservative-socialist...
...was a piece that helped put me onto cross boundary studies in the history
of ideas.  It wasn't new to the world, but it was new to me.  Still very
original writing.

@_date: 2009-07-19 09:51:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Kolakowski is dead... 
up with a great deal of cynicism about human organization.  That zeal led
the conservative movement to last as long as it did...it is now, I think it
is fair to say, dying or dead.
unintented consequences and though achievements
some areas are possible and I think are not difficult > to see (abolition of
slavery comes to mind)
far wealthier, far less Euro-centric, etc.
equality does not hold entirely. I think in fact that both > condition each
other, that both are prerequisites for each other. In peer production it is
the freedom to contribute,
but of course, within the limits of the peer project itself.
social principle.
tend to overemphasize equality versus other social goods...like fairness.
My own view is that post-modernism is far more libertarian than modernism.
Modernism enabled the left and Nehru jacket-styled socialism.  That sort of
systematic governmental socialism now seems absurd.  It is more dead than
classic conservatism.  Of course both still have vocal and committed
I see a world driven by a polyarchy of governmental, for-profit, religious
and  civil society organizations trying to blunt power-based corruption and
to enable good actions like P2P voluntary models.  Most people approach this
polyarchy with frustration that their worldview is not dominant or
increasingly dominant.  The new "New" is functioning outside the mainstream,
or rather, in the polystream with a good cheer and a relaxed desire for
intellectual hegemony.  I think P2P's growth is easily associated with this

@_date: 2009-07-19 09:58:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Kolakowski is dead... 
yes, pluralism both in the economy and governance is necessary to avoid any
Funny.  That WOULD be a catastrophe...
It wasn't but a couple (or a few) years ago that Wikipedia as governance
model was extremely popular in graduate school discussions.
The future of organizations is low participation, low linkage, high capacity
for customization.  P2P helped write that agenda.  Wikipedia was a step
toward the low impact governance we're tending toward.

@_date: 2009-07-19 10:13:44
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Kolakowski is dead... 
Yes, I think I agree though the term "abundance" puts me off because it
sounds inherently silly.  We have abundant outmoded code.  It isn't a boon.
What is a boon is high-access to relevant tools. Relevance is part of the
P2P discussion...soon resilience will be, too.
Abundance isn't a good.  Widely available items that are wanted and needed
is the boon. Maybe that is implied in abundance, but the word itself strikes
me as...self-defeating.
I wonder if the decline of organizational centrality is simply leading to
low-threshold (and I like this concept...you are on to something)
participation simply by absence of the boundaries imposed by the vanguard of
the peers (aka Wikipedia editors!)
What puts me off about communism most isn't the idea of the commune, I
rather can accept that intellectually, what alienates me from the left is
the hypocrisy of the so-called vanguards who expect everyone else to sit in
the back of the bus while they fly first class because of their
"leadership."  Phooey on that.

@_date: 2009-07-19 10:27:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Kolakowski is dead... 
What makes the time dark is the threat of "abundance."  We have abundant
pollution.  Abundant population.  The marginal costs of producing those
things and the equipotential gain of all of us treating the world badly...is
the threat.
Abundance must, I argue, tie to relevance.  Relevance is only determined by
markets.  Where am I not seeing the key point?
How would we define sufficiency?  I like drinking bourbon--and place high
value on the pleasure.  A sufficient amount is zero--I admit.  But my
sufficient amount is about 3/4 of liter every two weeks.  What do I do about
those sorts of "needs."

@_date: 2009-07-19 10:45:07
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Europe on the brink? 
Maybe the new "New" will come from Europe because it will be first to
collapse financially...

@_date: 2009-07-20 10:58:35
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
Hi Michel:
I wish I had written it myself.  Excellent points all.

@_date: 2009-07-22 13:58:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
In digital media, I agree.  Just saw Chris Anderson on Charlie Rose's show.
He was talking about his new book "Free."  He wasn't very interesting, but
he made the point that business models are changing.  I think we can't make
fundamental economic assumptions because economics, like all social science,
is contextual to the times in which it is spun.  Patents made more sense 50
years ago and so did copyrights, now the latter makes little sense as
generally set in law and the former is making less and less sense.
Innovation requires markets...not necessarily protections.  That said, small
groups will forever more protect themselves from global competition and who
can blame them.  If they can do it, why can a small group in a major
market?  So, it isn't going to go away.  The best option is to create as
many free or freemium products as is possible.  The ideology is increasingly
a waste of time.

@_date: 2009-07-22 14:29:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Lipids from Algae...for fuel...economics starting to 
Carbon is still an issue, but a number of people in labs in both industry
(petroleum) and universities are starting to think that large midocean
blooms of algae could provide sustainable diesel.  It doesn't solve the
carbon problem, but it does look like a credible way to maintain the fuel
pump economy indefinitely.

@_date: 2009-07-23 08:56:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
Hi Michel,
I suppose on further thought that you are right.  I should have said
that markets propel or accelerate innovation--not that innovation
requires markets.  Even my lesser assertion might be debated as well.
To my mind markets are a great good (much like a commons) that leads
people to challenge themselves, deliver what is demanded and to dream
of better ways.  Maybe those things can happen without profit or
markets, but the innovation of the market was a profound social
advance and one that occurred very broadly across a number of complex
Interesting that the market and the commons physically often occurred
in the same or similar spaces.  Fernand Braudel I suppose was the
clearest in tracing out the essential role of markets in paths that
led out of feudalism--markets that often were taken as a common good
to the cities they served.
To me, choice is a worthwhile social good.  Choosing a spouse, a home,
a city, a way to dress, the books and articles I wish to read...all
that choice to me derives largely from the advances of the social
ideas of the market.  It is perhaps humanity's greatest innovation
even if it does not cause innovation.

@_date: 2009-07-23 12:19:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Serious Person Proposes Artificial Human Brain 
BBC via Kurzweil...
Who will "own" the technology?

@_date: 2009-07-24 10:03:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I'd just point out that Mali is a poster child for corruption in
Africa...often ranked as one of a very few most corrupt nations on earth.
I'd strongly suspect the "gifts" are often a rationalization for corrupt
The Peace Corps has been there a long time but sends very few people because
the corruption is so difficult to overcome and the social groups (tribes)
that make up the nation are highly separated and very devisive...I don't
know about dama, but I've known Peace Corps folks who love and work hard in
other jobs in Africa who have told me Mali is a version of hell on
earth...poor treatment of women (e.g. a leader in female "circumcision"),
very corrupt processes, serious intergroup (tribal) violence, etc.
There are many means and modes of collective action and sharing in Africa
including local insurance schemes against AIDS in Kenya, etc. that are very
understudied.  Maybe dama is part of those ranks.  Association with Mali
certainly suggests it should get more scrutiny before it is moved into the
"ideal" column, in my opinion.
On Thu, Jul 23, 2009 at 11:10 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-07-24 10:26:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
There are a number of very good college research programs on philanthropy,
civil society, volunteering and related topics that regularly debate these
issues.  Notable ones include Boston College, Indiana, Tufts, and USC but
there are many others.
Civicus is a key NGO looking at what they call the Civil Society Index which
is a measure of non-governmental social involvment.  I personally would
consider most commons efforts to be part of civil society as an
academic disciplinary home.  Civil society is often a research topic in
planning, community development, public administration or even Divinity
studies.  I am less certain where it falls internationally (e.g. in Europe)
but I would expect similar areas.  The US gives mostly through foundations,
and Europe, I believe tends to see more individual volunteers.  I don't know
about Asia or other continents.  Most philanthropy is of course associated
with churches.  The Catholic Church, I believe, is still by far the largest
philanthropic entity on earth...serves more AIDS patients, etc. The US gives
more in total dollars than anyone and is very high in total gifts as a
percentage of income, but the numbers are always debated and argued.
Clearly the US is not as active as a volunteer nation as many others,
particularly if faith-based organizations are excluded.
Most major universities have a department in charge of facilitating Peace
Corps volunteers in the US, and that's the department that is usually
researching philanthropy, volunteering, etc.
ARNOVA  is the big research group of academics, and
it is a good one.  It has a number of conferences, a big international one,
and lots of supporting information on the sorts of issues you are raising
On Fri, Jul 24, 2009 at 7:43 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-07-24 11:52:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Participatory Culture Foundation Releases Miro 2.5 
Yes! We have just released Miro 2.5, a major update with new features,
faster performance, audio podcasts, and lots of polish.
Download Miro 2.5
*Here are the biggest changes:*
? Miro 2.5 launches 2 ? 4 times faster (especially for users with lots of
videos and feeds)
? New audio podcast section of the Miro Guide
? Better interface for audio playback
? Button to download from YouTube when you add as sidebar site ? also see: <
? Smarter handling of bittorrent files, especially videos
? New Library interface with ?Video?, ?Audio?, and ?Other? sections
? New keyboard shortcuts for virtually all functions (great for programming
a remote control)
? Interface polish and refinement
? Easier hacking: the database layer was rewritten to use a simplified
SQLite schema and we?ve created a new developer documentation site. <
 (more deets <
? Lots of bug fixes and tweaks
For a more complete list of what?s new and different, see the Miro 2.5
Release Notes. <
Please help us spread the word, tweet about Miro 2.5.

@_date: 2009-07-26 13:15:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
Practicing theorist sounds like a promising development.  I'd still prefer
theorizing practitioner as the overwhelmingly most important species in the
ecosystem of the commons, but one takes what one can get.

@_date: 2009-07-26 13:18:28
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
The PhD program at the Open University of Catalonia is an exciting academic
venture...very open, very e-learning based, and very inexpensive.  Happy to
see its products are friends of the P2P movement.

@_date: 2009-07-26 13:29:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: OpenStuff/Fairware 
There is a new pop site getting a lot of play that sort of reminds me of
what is being discussed here.  It is called Atlas Obscura:
It's purpose is to crowdsource all the weird sites in the world into one
open(?) geobase, but it is also "edited."
I wonder if this is a commons?  There are .org and .com extensions
associated with the site and its creators.  The financial model of the
venture is less than clear but the idea of a crowdsourced map is close to
what Smari seems to be envisioning in some ways.
I wonder if the Atlas Obscura framework could be reused?  The descriptions
of the founders seem to present relatively open minded people if one can
judge from such a small description.

@_date: 2009-07-26 13:55:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] From the Arduino Blog...Hackers Helping Hackers 
Hackers helping hackers from Arduino
This post is not about Arduino (for a change).
Forskningsavdelningen (Swe. ?The Research Department?), the hacker
collective in Malm?, Sweden participated in the summer festival from the
city area of M?llev?ngen (Swe. ?the windmill meadow?). This annual festival
grows as an alternative to the official events arranged by the council. It
is a community-driven activity where the different associations in the area
co-create a friendly and open atmosphere. This year, among the traditional
concerts, carnival parade and food-stands, the Research Department launched
a project to help out other hacker communities in the world.
*Press release*
* *
*Local hacker group launches jewellery-making project to support third-world
wireless sharing project*
The vibrant M?llev?ngen neighborhood will again be electrified with two
intense days of events and happenings. The Research Department will join
this effort, hosting open sessions both days.
One of these workshops, hosted by Forskningsavdelningen, is about re-using
found electronic parts, either building new things, or remaking them into
jewellery. Yes, ear-rings and brooches, made out of the innards of home
electronics. The maker pays for the materials, and all these proceeds are
sent on to a similar group in a developing country.
The beneficiary of the donation will be the Jalalabad FabLab in Afghanistan.
Visitors get to build and wear cool ear-rings, or a brooch, and at the same
time, wireless hackers in Afghanistan get support for their community
projects. Currently, the Jalalabad FabLab is engaged in the FabFi project,
which creatively and cheaply shares Net connections wirelessly. The FabLab
recently built and installed FabFi networks in a school, hospital,
university, and a non-governmental organization in Jalalabad.
*Read more*
Forskningsavdelningen?s English-language website is  The website of Jalalabad FabLab in Afghanistan is  which
lets you find their blog  The FabFi project can be
found at If you want us to support similar activities around your hood, let us know,
there is not much we can do but using our blog to make your voice heard.

@_date: 2009-07-26 13:58:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Artistic visualization (as a mandala) of all the 
Blessed unrest mandalafrom
[image: Blessed-Unrest-Mandala]
[image: Blessed-Unrest-Detail]
I?ve written beforeabout
Jordan ?s amazing hybrid info-graphics art that
dramatically depicts the mass scale of our environmental impact on the
world. His new piece, E. Pluribus
is based on Paul Hawken?s Blessed
In it he takes the names of all the grassroots groups in the world working
in some kind social justice movement to compose this giant mandala. I?ve
also posted a detail to get a sense of the immensity of this list.
If you haven?t seen Hawken?s inspirational talk that inspired the book, you
should definitely watch it here

@_date: 2009-07-26 14:02:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bike of the future? 
Bike of the future will pay you back for all of that
[image: Bike of the future will pay you back for all of that pedalling]
This amazing bike concept is part exercise machine, part electric scooter,
and will even help to pay your fare while providing a seat for the bus ride
home. Designed by M?rten W?llgren, Il Choi, David Seesing, and Miika
Hekkinen, it's the centerpiece of a car free concept for central London
called London Garden, and winner of the Seymour Powell award in a contest
called Future City Mobility.
The bike has solar
the hubless wheels, which along with your pedaling power charge a
battery that can drive the bike as an electric
The really cool part, is that the designers also envision electric buses
with docks for the folded bikes, that will tap your charged battery to help
run the bus in exchange for bus fare.
The concept goes further, with tree like bus shelters where the bikes can be
stored up
in the air, and where the blowing breeze moving the stored bikes
will also generate electricity.
This all sounds a bit utopian, and doesn't really take into account people
who aren't able to ride bikes, but 'm sure some parts of the design have
real world potential.
Marten Wallgren,
via TreeHugger.com

@_date: 2009-07-27 10:17:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "not a commons".... 
If this site is condemned by P2PF, how should an advocate of P2P feel about
academic journals which require sign-over of licenses or edited academic
books, which do the same?  Aren't those, in a sense, simply crowdsourced
with some agreement of attribution?

@_date: 2009-07-27 11:14:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Local currency links on Twine... 
Local Currency, Local Comfort - Westchester Magazine - July 2009 -
Westchester, NY
Bookmark added by jannouwen at 10:09 AM CDT
Local Currency, Local Comfort In the current economy, our communities may be
the best investment. I nstead of worrying about how the economic downturn is
affecting our property values, Westchesterites would do better to consider
how the collapse of many of the bigger corporations serving ...
Future Primitive - towards an effortless and aesthetic harmony with the
living world ? Blog Archive ? Interview with Douglas Rushkoff
Bookmark added by Fernanda Ibarra at 05:49 PM CDT
Douglas Rushkoff is an author, teacher, and documentarian who focuses on the
ways people, cultures, and institutions create, share, and influence each
other's values. He is the winner of the first Neil Postman award for Career
Achievement in Public Intellectual Activity.
trashtown - money
Bookmark added by Fernanda Ibarra at 01:41 PM CDT
Trashtown has different kinds of money (see Trashtown Magazine  Almost
all notes and coins are handmade. Trashtown has several banks. The First
Irrational Bank of NL was one of the first banks in Trashtown.
Complementary currencies, Exponential growth and model failures -
Bookmark added by Fernanda Ibarra at 01:42 PM CDT
Margrit Kennedy in english about why interest is not sustainable, unfair and
strongly inequal, hidden in every price and product. It is around the 25th
minute. She presents 3 problems, 3 results, 3 solutions of the interest and
monetary system and explain, as I have been doing it among many ...
Bookmark added by Fernanda Ibarra at 01:56 PM CDT
What is WikiWikiMoney? WikiWikiMoney is a subsidiary of Twollars. It started
as a small experiment but we quickly realized it needed its own home on the
web. What you see is the first move of the system. There is a lot more to
come so please bear with us and enjoy experimenting with your own ...
Green America: From Greed to Green: Interview with Bernard Lietaer
Bookmark added by Fernanda Ibarra at 02:12 PM CDT
This interview, conducted by Green America Editor Tracy Fernandez Rysavy,
complements "Re-examining the Structure of Money," a piece that appears in
the Spring 2009 issue of the Green American, From Greed to Green.

@_date: 2009-07-27 17:55:37
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why newspapers are dying...a history lesson. 
I am increasingly of a mind that this guy is very smart...Umair
Haque...interesting ideas on how and why newspapers are dying.

@_date: 2009-07-29 10:59:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
A friend of mine just returned from a tour of Iceland.  She found it
extremely commons-oriented--shared grazing rights...lots of community assets
(heated geo-thermal pools for instance which even small towns have)...lots
of fish in the diet from the sea, etc.
I think one set of discussions that is often played with here but never
really fleshed out is...which nations are most P2P and why?
Given her description, it sounds like Iceland is a candidate.  And yet no
country has had a worse outcome with messy speculative trading and losses
than Iceland in recent times.  So, maybe P2P isn't an ethos afterall.  Maybe
it is a vein of post-modernism--a piece but not a whole.

@_date: 2009-07-29 11:05:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Reburbia Contest 
Inhabitat's ad for a reburbia (redefining suburbia) contest...

@_date: 2009-07-29 13:38:01
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
On Wed, Jul 29, 2009 at 12:23 PM, Kevin Carson <
I think another one of the interesting social science topics that is
frequently avoided is the question of minimum requirements.  What are the
minimum requirements for democracy...or social anarchy...or a commons-based
Without some objective definition of minimum, the world is open to the
whining of utopians who are never going to be happy regardless of the
outcomes.  On the other hand, it is difficult to state minimums because we
might then be compelled to admit our ideas don't work in practice once they
are achieved in some venue.  Oh sure, we adjust our expectations, but in
reality, what constitutes a moral system has to be one that is attainable.
Else, the whole of the discussion becomes absurd.
I suppose I am saying that as I get older I am more impressed by practical
examples and by clear goals.  I must say I am terribly impressed by the
Obama administration in that they seem obsessed with metrics and with
attaining goals...loosely defined ones, but goals nonetheless.  I suppose it
is the sort of thing that would appeal to a pragmatist.  They seem
relentlessly practical in trying to achieve the best of the real situation.
I've started to find idealism so...vein.  I see people trying to mouth
ideals, but what increasingly I hear is egoism.  Reality is hard stuff.
Much better to deal with concepts, particularly when one has no power.  And
yet the real is the art of it all.  The old philosophers were so cold and,
to me, appear so dead because they detached.  There is science fiction or
utopian philosophy (often one in the same) or there is pragmatism.  I'm not
convinced there is much in the way of anything else.

@_date: 2009-07-30 09:32:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In the future...the cost of education will be 
I agree change is very hard...the hardest thing.  But I also think people do
not do evil intentionally for the msot part.  They work to survive and
continue on in their own microcosmic agenda of what they see as a greater
local good.  The key, I think is to measure and measure hard...and
comprehensively.  No one would not prefer to be poor in the US to being in
Cuba...and there is reason to doubt that global warming will happen at a
pace that really matters.  You and I may know better, but should a person
destroy their own livelihood to act on something that MIGHT happen?  Only a
fool would do so.
In the end, things change when people have compelling evidence that things
will be worse for them and theirs if they do not change.  All the more
reason why idealism without experiment and measurement is simply narcissism.

@_date: 2009-07-30 09:39:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: what to think of the market 
Of all the major commons efforts...truly global events like wikipedia, FSF,
Creative Commons, etc., how many have not started in the United States?
Isn't it clear that the US is easily the most P2P country?

@_date: 2009-07-30 09:59:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what to think of the market 
What you say above is not what I hear so often in these lists.  I hear of a
tipping point we are approaching where the commons becomes hyper-meaningful,
and abundance (etc.) flows like milk and honey.
To me it sounds like the worst sort of utopianism--detached from the messy
reality of politics, the dignity of human choice, and the difficulty of
making a case to those who might have very different perspectives.  If that
is not egomania, I know not how to define it.  Isn't it always the case that
ego-maniacs simply know better than the rest of us?
Instead, perhaps what may be emerging is that P2P and the commons REQUIRE
neo-liberalism and its excess cash, high education level surpluses and
technology prowess to exist in the modern world.  Poor countries are simply
to busy coping with corruption, disease, low productivity and hate to every
rise to a level of sharing and the commons on any meaningful levels.
And the only alternatives to the co-existance of neo-liberalism and P2P is a
reversion to primitive states or neo-feudalism--both of which are highly
unappealing to the great vast numbers of humans who enjoy their cable TV,
Google with ads and private properties.
There are truly no emergeant P2P states and the most neoliberal states--the
US, Northern Europe, Australia, India...seem to also be those that are most
Is it perhaps the narcissism of having a symbol of (social) wealth as the
capacity to share and have abundance that has replaced the simpler
narcissism of the 1980s where one simply flashed overt symbols of material
wealth.  The new symbolism is the egotistical desire to prove one is more
more, more selfless, more sharing than anyone else can be and is therefore a
"commons leader."

@_date: 2009-07-30 12:05:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In the future...the cost of education will be 
I agree the issue is one of education.  But education is a funny thing.  It
must be clear and received...not muddy and imposed.  Further, as with
obesity, smoking and numerous other human traits, we have a propensity to
accept self-destruction.  Jared Diamond would say we have repeatedly also
selected systematic destruction.  I wonder how this can change without
violating our own demands to not impose will on each other.
Is global warming akin to murder (hurting others rights), or is it akin to
obesity (mostly self destruction)?  And then there are questions of national
sovereignty.  Can the world impose on China to not develop?  Will China
care?  Climate change poses a set of new challenges we've never faced before
not only in the magnitude of the issue, but in the possible modes of
The only answer seems to be through some form of
legitimate governance...representatives who will do the right thing.  It
seems implausible to me that the necessary participants will act in time to
matter.  It is far easier to be blissfully self destructive as justified by
a localism where the greater good seems to be oriented toward local
advantage at the expense of global safety.  A global ethos is essential for
a workable solution to climate change...unless one takes on a sort of mutual
assured destruction perspective.
Else, why change if you are poor?  The game rests with India and China...and
eventually, Africa.  And I see very little motivation for them to behave
appropriately.  Even the US and much of Western Europe are failing to behave
appropriately.  Dicey stuff.
Most of the issues of power come back to how much collective will we are OK
imposing on the individual.  Old issues, but never easy ones.

@_date: 2009-06-01 08:44:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google's wave ends email? 
Yes, it basically allows realtime voice/video or recording integrated with
text or other media in a stream (conversation)--called a wave...as Matt
says.  It is very power as a metaphor and will, as Matt suggests, be quite
open to interface.  Google is closing in very rapidly on being able to
offer a complete suite of virtual cloud computing that is device independent
and open to linkage/service by any number of other systems.  If I were a
Microsoft shareholder, I'd be quaking in my boots.
Google is plowing interesting ground between for-profit and for-service
enterprises.  There is no doubt they mean to make money, but at the same
time, their strategies are extremely P2P friendly and remarkably
non-proprietary.  I think one rational expectation is that a P2P ethos is
starting to pervade their business model.
By contrast, Microsoft's new "Bing" seems to offer some really neat advances
but is being closely linked with other MS proprietary products.  Bing is
very exciting for search, but I predict it will fail for the very reasons
closed systems have always failed...people want APIs and options for
interface on their own terms.  Going to a site designed to pull you into
proprietary linkages is not the future...it's the past.
Microsoft believes it can make money by driving corporate customers to
suites of products.  But what corporate customers want is consistency
with access to free content that more P2P corporations like Google are
driving with YouTube, etc.  We've long since seen corporate P2P (for profit
firms that advance the commons in their own way or make profits off of
leveraging the commons), now we are starting to see P2P corporate
(proprietary R&D being moved in segments to the commons so that the for
profit aspects carry a tone of ethical balance and commitment).
A cynic could say that corporations will always be untrustworthy and that
the cheat will always wait until the most fateful moment.  An optimist would
say that we are entering a new age of openness and sharing while still
recognizing markets and innovation deserve financial recognition where
desired.  The truth is probably somewhere inbetween.
On Mon, Jun 1, 2009 at 7:33 AM, Matt Cooperrider

@_date: 2009-06-01 10:29:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
How would you deal with a skyscraper or a large urban hydroponic farm?
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-06-01 11:45:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Demurrage I understand just fine...it is an attempt to have controlled
inflation-like velocity without the negative effects of price
changes...essentially it is a velocity tax (to a conventional economist).  I
highly doubt it can be managed successfully, but it is interesting and has
open theoretical questions.
These alternative definitions of rent sound like pre-marginalism ideas that
don't make a lot of sense in current terms.  For example, they would
instantly run afoul of all manner of accounting problems.  Who defines
skill?  Who defines productivity levels?  How do you deal with unusual or
unpredictable changes in productivity features (a storm, etc.)

@_date: 2009-06-01 20:18:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 40 ways to download music legally... 
Yeah.  I know.  In *Blazing Saddles* the line was "Badges, we don't need no
stinkin' badges" which itself was an homage to a Bogart western.
On Mon, Jun 1, 2009 at 7:43 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2009-06-02 11:36:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A Penny for your P2P Thoughts 
*Should a P2P devotee take money for a contribution to the commons?*
Let's imagine a commons was somehow endowed...like a university.  Could it
be appropriate for the commons to pay for open contributions or is the very
idea of "open" simply outside the concept of getting some dosh for day's
I say take the buck, and perhaps even spend the buck--why shouldn't
wikipedia pay a great physicist for an article?  It is perfectly fine to be
paid for work and there is no crisis in calling something P2P if it has a
bit of the old modes attached.
One thinks of property trusts for real estate as a possible analogy.
Wouldn't it be nice in the post-life estates of certain academics or artists
if they gave their portfolio of intellectual properties to an open trust as
a P2P "gift?"  Surely it has already happened...perhaps many times.  And if
it is OK to die and pass something into a commons, why not have it be OK to
live and sell something to a commons?  Who loses?
Imagine that quaint New England town that surrounded the common grazing
grounds with houses.  Would it be so wrong if they paid the fellow living
next door for a little expansion turf?  Of course not.
People get edgy about markets--pro and con.  They get religious.  P2P ought
not to be of any given creed with regard to markets.  What P2P ought to be
is open, about responsibility and sharing, and interested in general
advancement.  It is about growing an open access commons for
non-hierarchical interactions and uses.  How it gets to these ends can be a
manifold story.

@_date: 2009-06-03 10:18:14
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Collapse 
Consumption is a positive in that it motivates concerned action.  This is
the hunters are the best conservationists argument.  There is good reason to
believe concerned parties do self-regulate.  My former teacher, Joe
Rees wrote a well-received book on this called "Hostages of Each Other"
about nuclear power self-regulation after 3 Mile Island.  His argument was
that complex systems are a sort of commons where communitarian action (he
was a student of Philip Selznick) is the most effective regulatory system.
The work has been influential in government regulatory circles and in law
research related to regulation.  Fishing should theoretically orient itself
in the same way.
Ironically, it was the Soviets who invented factory fishing.
I agree the book is a great one...

@_date: 2009-06-03 17:50:07
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More Communitarians on the Crisis 
The following article was published in the most recent issue of *The New
* *Spent: America after consumerism*
 by Amitai Etzioni
*The New Republic*
**Wednesday, June 17, 2009
"Much of the debate over how to address the economic crisis has focused on a
single word: regulation. And it's easy to understand why. Bad behavior by a
variety of businesses landed us in this mess--so it seems rather obvious
that the way to avoid future economic meltdowns is to create, and vigorously
enforce, new rules proscribing such behavior. But the truth is quite a bit
more complicated...The upshot is that regulation cannot be the linchpin of
attempts to reform our economy?What needs to be eradicated, or at least
greatly tempered, is consumerism: the obsession with acquisition that has
become the organizing principle of American life?
?The link to the economic crisis should be obvious. A culture in which the
urge to consume dominates the psychology of citizens is a culture in which
people will do most anything to acquire the means to consume?But it is not
enough to establish that which people ought not to do... Consumerism will
not just magically disappear from its central place in our culture. It needs
to be supplanted by *something*??
To read the full article, go

@_date: 2009-06-04 19:43:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More on the Demise of the University...this time 
Edge 288 - June 4, 2009
(11,675 words)
This online EDGE edition with streaming video is available at:
THE IMPENDING DEMISE OF THE UNIVERSITY
By Don Tapscott
In the industrial model of student mass production, the teacher is the
broadcaster. A broadcast is by definition the transmission of information
from transmitter to receiver in a one-way, linear fashion. The teacher is
the transmitter and student is a receptor in the learning process. The
formula goes like this: "I'm a professor and I have knowledge. You're a
student, you're an empty vessel and you don't. Get ready, here it comes.
Your goal is to take this data into your short-term memory and through
practice and repetition build deeper cognitive structures so you can recall
it to me when I test you."... The definition of a lecture has become the
process in which the notes of the teacher go to the notes of the student
without going through the brains of either.
DON TAPSCOTT is the author of 13 books on new technology in society, most
recently Grown Up Digital. He recently completed a $4 million dollar
investigation of the Net Generation. He is Chairman of the think tank
nGenera Insight and an Adjunct Professor at the Rotman School of Management,
University of Toronto.

@_date: 2009-06-06 11:08:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open money week on our blog 
Michel, here is my hope to get in on your blog set...*
The Need for New Theories of Money
Economics might be summed up as the field that studies allocation of
resources.  It might also be seen as a the field that studies the nature and
flow of moneys, or as a field that considers human behaviors in relationship
to happiness and resource allocation.
Remarkably, there is no good definition of the field's proper focal points
or boundaries.  It is, as the literary theorists have taught us to say,
increasingly contested.  While that contest is very much in the "periphery
of discourse" (more academic argot), the periphery is warming up through an
increasingly buzz in various social networks, not least of which is our
little P2P world here at the P2P Foundation, thanks largely to Michel's
catholic interests and sponsorship of discussion on these topics.
Economics, for now, has one dominant school (scarcity-based market theory)
and a set of heterodox sects such as Marxism, post-scarcity economics,
so-called post-autistic schools (which are typically closely linked to the
dominant domain) and other far-flung ideas that are trying to earn a seat at
the table...often while acting as if "the table" is absurd.  Some I read
here (on the P2P Foundation blog and in its research lists) frankly strike
me as laughably naive, but I am losing my hubris in the face of technology
futurism, economic crises and the advances of social media technologies.
Legitimacy as measured by academic appointments largely falls on very
conventional market theories with surprisingly few exceptions; it used to be
radical at the University of Chicago to be a behavioral economist!  Even
post-Keynesian writers are fairly rare in the academy--at least the academy
that anyone seriously considers.  It's a Monetarist World (of money) that
followed a long string of Nobelists from the Chicago School one must see as
conventionally dominant...but also as increasingly decaying.  Those people,
and their relatively close quibblers, tend to rule our big banks and our
economies in general though some, like Timothy Geithner in the US (the
Treasury Secretary), have remarkably little formal economic training of any
sort, and are problematic to classify as to theirs schools of thought much
beyond the dreaded left wing epithet of almost no rational
meaning--"neoliberal" or even worse, "market bureaucrat." Such shouting
doesn't seem to help.
Now, as core newspapers and universities decline and economic crises erode
institutional legitimacy of mainstream thinking in economics, one can almost
smell the ripeness for new radical (and I don't mean the term in the leftest
sense so much as the disruptive sense) theories of money and business.  The
P2P movement is square in the middle of such lines of thinking.  It is so
much in the middle of such thinking that I often worry that I'll tarnish my
own minimal credibility by association with some of the heterodoxy.  Clearly
cranks exist, and most of the ideas are patently crap.  But I've gotten over
that egoism largely by realizing that something meaningful is afoot, and
that Austrians, Behaviorists, monetarists, Marxists and Keynesians are not
the whole family of legitimate thinkers.  Something(s) else is emerging.
In short, we *need* new theories.  I hope those harboring truly radical
concepts start to bring them forward for real critical review.  We are
entering a transforming age and the very survival of our species (the times
demand that sort of seeming hyperbole) may depend on new approaches to how
we allocate stuff and how we judge our happiness and wealth.  Bring it on.
We need new and even outrageous ideas.  We need tests and alternative
currencies and new ways tried first by greeny hippies in Germany and
neo-Fabians and Utopians in France.  We need small nation currency
experiments and micro-credit enterprises to innovate and allow for serious
consideration of alternative models for both near and long-term
consideration.  We need Grameen dollars, twollers and everything else anyone
can think of.  We need ideas.  P2P is the right space for these ideas to be
treated with respectful encouragement and an occasional twinge of
skepticism.  Bring them on.

@_date: 2009-06-06 13:05:37
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Another take on being a contemporary 
It is a grand leap in the Age of Climate Change to suggest that
paternalistic social engineering isn't a necessity.  I think that argument
would have to sell first given any level of collective responsibility.
Liberty is great so long as it doesn't mean collective disaster.
Liberty+responsibility is key.  One doesn't outweigh.  When the two are
added, I get social engineering as a sum.
Paternalism is, to me, too little emphasis on responsibility in the other
direction.  Negotiating the balance between collective responsibility and
liberty has, so far, only been achieved reasonably in social democracies.
Those democracies where the corporation is king (Germany, US, France,
Britain, Mexico, etc.) tend to subsidize continuity and stability of
imperial models where labor mattered and capital is king.
Overall, corporate capitalism, as you call it, is mostly a form of
collective action by nations, cities, towns, etc. to keep stability.  It is
very expensive, as you have also pointed out, and will thus eventually die
of its own weight...as the very expensive authoritarian socialist projects
have.  Expensive, we now know, means high social costs as well as individual
ones...lost happiness, lost liberty, lost productivity, more death and
illness, etc.
I think social engineering is a process of having social aims and then
designing approaches to realize them.  Tell me any two of three variables, a
group's true intentions, it's progress toward achieving those intentions,
and its power to implement things democratically, and I'll tell you the
missing one.  If that's social engineering, then I am for it.  The question
is, how much information is lost through representative models in the hope
of achieving efficacy.  Grass-roots, local, P2P, etc. all work to make
representation moot.  We are learning slowly that efficacy through vanguards
and leaders is not that efficient.  In short, elites of any sort are
socially expensive.

@_date: 2009-06-07 21:24:24
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Money Ning 
My own feeling is we need to go back and discuss thoroughly what we mean by
"money."  Tokens, coupons, certificates, etc. all factor in this.  Money
should have certain characteristics in my view.  It should be fungible.  It
should be transferable with liquidity.  Liquidity is probably the real
question area.
Twollars is a sort of coupon earned for reputation.  Reputation rankings are
a form of value storage.  We don't understand these things.  Marx and Keynes
have little to offer us on the topic.  Someone's going to have to do some
original theory, I'm afraid.  The Internet is giving us a whole new set of
Stan, I share your interest in Wave.  It is shocking.  I think the world is
literally going to shake when people start figuring out the meaning of the
whole thing.  I'm not sure how...but I'm sure it will be big.  Knowledge
management is definitely going to evolve from a static base (a wikipedia
article) to something resembling a wikipedia article history...but that's
not right either.  I think it is going to have real implications for science
and how science is done.
I hope I am not made ridiculous by the true outcomes...I am rarely prone to
real hyperbole, but I would argue that Wave is one to watch more than most
in the past several years.

@_date: 2009-06-08 12:47:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
On Mon, Jun 8, 2009 at 1:55 AM, Chris Watkins
limit the wasted time now spent on indefinite meaning of terms.
Capitalism, markets, communism, socialism, autocracy, polyarchy, money,
coupon, stock, capital, democracy, etc. are all messy terms.  They do not
adhere well to ordered logic because few applications are consistent.  Long
deliberative processes in the open with lots of public vetting are necessary
to achieve much legitimacy.
One of the reasons universities are starting to die is that the individual
professor/researcher is no longer able to retain much legitimacy in the face
of the constant crackle of relevant blogs and other Web X.0 technologies.
Sensemaking is shifting from individuals to groups--to networks.
Wave, as I understand it, begins to offer a technology where group
legitimacy can be open, transparent and historic so that core terms are less
contested and new entrants can understand the history of discourse more
On your specific point, I think in the broader world it is considered a
crank position to be against markets as a means of allocation for most goods
and services.  No one has yet advanced anything like a coherent non-market
framework that would be freely chosen or even plausibly sensible for
implementation on a large scale.
Cranks sometimes create works of genius, but it isn't the way to bet.
Further, societies change slowly and generally only under crisis.  I think
there is a hope afoot now for some that the current economic storm might
devolve into something that motivates colossal change.  That seems unlikely
to me.
Climate change could become such a crisis, but you will only live to see it
in the large if you are under 20 years old.  There will be long transitions
with much new technology and innovation.  Markets and conventional money
will be the core of this system.  Will other elements exist or even thrive?
Yes, they will.  And as the world becomes more complex and localized, the
difference between core and periphery may be harder and harder to recognize.
What seems clear and most relevant to me is that P2P is here now and
deployed on very large scales.  It seems to be growing and thriving.
Linking it for or against economic models from the 19th century or before
seems irrelevant.  With all the new that the Internet has wrought, I am
continually perplexed that people keep wanting to go back to old
philosophers for answers.  The answers are in reality and action...not in
some dusty old book.

@_date: 2009-06-08 12:59:07
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tales of a russian mystery 
It is curious to see these auto-translated blogs.  In fact, Google Translate
is so good, I regularly now correspond with people in their own language
asking them to send me French, Spanish, German, etc.  Subtleties are lost,
but straight meaning is clear.
Even here I would recommend those who do not speak English as a strong
second language should simply send in their own tongue and then offer a link
to the translated text in Google (or some other.)  Google (and I know I am
starting to sound like a shill for them) works very well.
Es ist merkw?rdig, dass diese Auto-Blogs ?bersetzt. In der Tat, Google
Translate ist so gut, ich jetzt regelm??ig die mit Menschen in ihrer eigenen
Sprache, um sie zu senden Sie mir Franz?sisch, Spanisch, Deutsch, etc.
Feinheiten verloren gehen, sondern gerade Sinne ist klar.
Auch hier empfehle ich diejenigen, die nicht Englisch sprechen, da eine
starke zweite Sprache sollte schicken Sie einfach in ihrer eigenen Sprache
und dann ein Link zu den ?bersetzten Text in Google (oder einer anderen.)
Google (und ich wei?, dass ich am Beginn der Ton wie ein Grundsatz f?r sie)
sehr gut funktioniert.

@_date: 2009-06-09 11:47:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
First, let me agree with every point you make below.
With regard to energy, I'd like to make a few comments based on my own
A significant portion of my free time is given over to thinking about
energy--specifically solar energy trapped in ocean water--ocean thermal
energy.  It's an old topic--a physicist in France actually developed the
concept (and bankrupted himself trying to commercialize it) from about
1885-1915.  Its time has finally come I think.
The trouble with energy is that centralized production with distribution is
cheaper than distributed production.  That is, economies of scale apply
rather harshly to modes of production.  Further, that is unlikely to
change.  Therefore, modes of production that concentrate power at one
location are most most efficient.  Even with wind and solar, central
facilities are significantly more efficient than distributed ones by any
logical measure.
My own work and research on OTEC has lead me to believe the long-term
non-carbon answer needs to be a simple molecular fuel that can transport
energy.  Carbon-based fuels are obviously problematic.  Other complex
sugars, and so forth, require significant inputs to create the fuel.  Simple
molecules must be the answer.
The simplest and most obvious is hydrogen, but it isn't the only possible
answer.  Ammonia is also a possibility and there are others.  Fully 1.5%
(one point five percent) of the world's total power is now expended to make
ammonia--most of it goes to grow our food.  By contrast, the current
production of the sea (in all forms of commercial power) is under 20 MW.  To
put that in perspective, the tiny Cayman Islands with a population of 60,000
uses 104 MW at peak.  A medium to large sized US utility may have 30,000 MW
under management.  The island of Jamaica consumes about 600 MW for 4 million
people.  What's more, the sea is 5/6 of the planet.
My conclusion:  Make power from the sea, or you will die by land-based
carbon.  There is only one system for centralized power development at
sea--OTEC.  Further, wind, tide and current systems are variable with
If I had to bet now, the future of power involves making large amounts of
hydrogen in geo and ocean thermal production sites and then distributing
energy to land-based hydro plants as they are building in Finland.  These
are efficient, relatively small, and can drive consistent electrical
production at the scales necessary to have an electrically rich world with
8-9 billion people.  They can also be used to make and transport the
necessary ammonia to fuel such an economy with food.
The question is one of here to there.  I don't know the answer to that, but
I'd bet it involves public/corporate partnerships.  It would be nice to see
open modes of research and understanding used, but that will only occur if
civil society gets involved rapidly and protectively to assure that
developing nations have access to OTEC.  My own view is that the nations
that control OTEC/hydrogen/Ammonia will be the Arabia's of the future.
[Michel, I'd prefer these ideas not be blogged without significant editing]
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-06-09 16:20:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] People happier under Soviet-styled socialism? 
It may have something to do with where you start, and then where you test,
but even still, I am frankly surprised.

@_date: 2009-06-10 08:48:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] People happier under Soviet-styled socialism? 
I have met many people who lived under authoritarian regimes in Poland,
USSR, Romania (now family members) and other Comecon countries.  To the one
they all said the former system destroyed lives, hope and any sense of
fairness.  I've never heard any variance from that story, myself.
That said, clearly many were left behind.  Now they are starting to hate and
seeth with anger--just as whites in the Southern US did after the advent of
civil rights.  I must admit it is a bit frightening to have seen the EU
parliament turn so sharply to the right.  Nationalism and hate seem to be
alive and well in Europe just at the time the US seems to be moving away
from those trends for the first time in a long while.
I would contend it isn't capitalism or neoliberalism, but social collapse
caused by bankrupt governments and corruption that causes few services to
reach the needy.  Development was the necessary answer to tractor factories
building machines no one wants and cities relying on one industry.
Capitalism of one sort or another was the only way out of that.  Government
failed people in the transitions, but the governments were so bankrupted by
sloppy socialism that I'm not sure what alternative could have been used.
In addition, given the strong reliance on the state, there were no civil
society entities to rely upon.

@_date: 2009-06-10 09:31:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
The US is a fair model of a future world:
Transportation will decrease, but it will not remain carbon-based.  The only
serious alternative is electric.  Hydrogen will be a chunk, but not much.
Hybrid is a transition technology.
Local consumers in most places cannot access wind or solar in reasonable
quantities to make personal production realistic or economical.
I think small solar is a 3% at best sort of solution.  Centralized solar
turning turbines with hot air, etc. is more realistic.  Centralized power is
needed for industry and transportation and those aren't going away.  Yes,
there will be efficiencies and savings, but there will also be growth.
People in the undeveloped world are not going to agree to be poor while the
West gets to be rich with lights, heat/AC, mobility, shipping, intensive
mining and mineral use, etc.
Nuclear has a huge future role.  It has to.  People who argue otherwise are
simply hurting the planet--killing it.  We need power.  Nuclear is going to
be the main source (period.)  We should fight to minimize it wherever we
can, but it is the main source.
We need mostly decentralized medium scale distribution grids with medium
scale production resources that are sustainable and non-carbon.  That means
hydrogen to me.  Ocean energy can aid, but it isn't a real answer so far.
OTEC is the obvious vehicle to hydrogen--as is geo-thermal.  Iceland will be
rich one day when it uses its geo-thermal assets to make liquid hydrogen and
ship it around the world to hydro plants that fuel small and medium sized
coastal developments.  Everyone can be rich by building and deploying deep
ocean OTEC.  The Philippines, Indonesia, Australia, Nigeria,
Ethiopia/Somalia, India, Central America, the Caribbean--all obvious winners
with OTEC/hydrogen.
It has been positively criminal that hydrogen and means of production
haven't been pushed forward more vigorously.  Solar I see as a non-starter
that will be a minor player--it is too small to produce hydrogen and it is
too variable to be a realistic developed power source on its own.  The sun
is the answer, but you need energy storage--warm water gives you that...and
we've got plenty of it.

@_date: 2009-06-10 10:21:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
I mean you or your work no disrespect, but literally thousands of highly
trained development economists and related professionals (World Bank, UN,
IMF, etc.) and in NGOs, universities, etc. work on this every day and have
done so for years.  Their collective wisdom is perhaps best embodied in the
following: Reduce corruption.  Encourage small business.  Advance
microcredit.  Create social safety nets for the weak, old and extremely
poor, if possible.  Block exploitation by multi-nationals.  Create clean,
safe resources such as schools, sewage systems, and transportation
networks.  Those strategies work and have been shown to do so.  Most were
seriously contested and took long tests and refinements to be advanced.
Does that mean someone can't innovate or come to radical new solutions?  No
it does not.  But it does mean that legitimate inquiry has relatively few
dissenters right now--the fights are pretty straightforward--does central
aid work? for instance.
In my own experiences, these people are relatively open-minded and are
committed to doing what is best for their stakeholders.  I think those who
believe they have solutions have a duty to convince people who study and
work with these problems every day that they have a serious solution.
In fairness, speak to any energy expert or education expert and you will
hear endless stories of people who have "solved the great issues" and built
machines that run without fuels, etc.  There is a consistent tone to many of
these discussions.  It is that everyone else is naive and that a person has
had a unique and foundational insight unavailable to others.  Perhaps that
happens in this world, but it is rare.  A while ago I thought I had a
profound insight on using a form of ocean energy production to produce
ammonia from sea water.  Turns out it had been mainstream research in dozens
of labs for a generation.  It doesn't mean advances don't happen.  It means
that they happen in collaboration, in part, with experts.  Experts are in
the academy, in fields of practice, and in individual research.  Advancing
on one's own is not likely to be productive in this Age in my opinion.
Profound insights must build on current dialogue and acceptance.  And we
must and should be highly skeptical of new ideas until they are
well-refined, field-tested and considered by many experts who work in the
field.  That is, to my mind, the very idea of peer-review--the original P2P.

@_date: 2009-06-10 10:48:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Self-organizing principles 
It looks like a good post to me.  I tend to agree with Paul's position.  I
doubt humans really operate with stigmurgic collaboration because we have
culture, memes, etc. that are constant solutions to the issues Paul raises.
Collaboration does require constant negotiated interaction.  But that's for
later.  It looks like an interesting distinction to me.
2009/6/10 Bas Reus

@_date: 2009-06-10 13:39:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
Peak uranium appears to be real and there is relatively little formal
comment on the topic.  If it is, and there are not realistic alternatives,
the future will be very bleak indeed.  One can be assured governments will
die producing power...and governments don't die easily.  That would mean
coal...and potential planet-ending effects of taking carbon into an end
I continue to think that small molecule power is the answer.  We need to
make those small molecules and collect them.  That will require consistent
energy--hydro, geo-therm, ocean therm, nuclear (if it can be made to last).
Nuclear is the transition for sure, however, just like hybrid cars are a
transition.  The key is to get off of carbon.

@_date: 2009-06-11 10:45:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Global University Crisis... 
claudia bernardi to EPHEMERA
show details 6:59 PM (15 hours ago) Reply
Wednesday 10 th June 2009
The crisis of Global University
On Thursday, June 11th at 2 p.m. in Room 2, at the Faculty of Humanities of
La Sapienza University, there will be a transnational meeting titled ?Global
University: Labour, Struggles and the Common within the Crisis?, organized
by Lettere in Onda, Edu-factory collective and Queen Mary University of
The speakers of this meeting will be Andrew Ross (New York University),
Morgan Adamson (University of Minnesota), Christofer Newfield (University of
California - Santa Barbara), Pedro Barbosa Mendes (Uninomada- Brazil),
Stefano Harney (Queen Mary University of London).
Also Dillip Kumar Dash, student of Hyderbrad University (India) and
protagonist of contemporary conflicts in the universities of South Asia,
should have been taking part at this meeting as international speaker.
Unfortunately, we heard from Dillip that the italian Embassy of New Delhi
denied his visa, without reason, blocking the possibility of his
participation in the meeting that will take place tomorrow in Rome.
Global University is a field of conflict, where the mobility of researchers,
professors and students must be a right and cannot be the new measure of
exploitation acted at the global level.
For us, Global University means to put in crisis its hierarchies and
differentiations: freedom of movement, free circulation of ideas and bodies
that live the university and build it every day.
We denounce this dire act from italian authorities, that confirms again
Italy as an inhospitable country, which practices a generalized attack on
the free and open exchange of ideas and the freedom of movement.
Sapienza on the Wave
Mercoled? 10 giugno 2009
La crisi dell?Universit? Globale
Alla facolt? di Lettere LaSapienza, gioved? 11 alle ore 14 in Aula 2, si
terr? un meeting transnazionale dal titolo ?Global University. Labour,
Struggles and the Common within the Crisis?, organizzato da Lettere in Onda,
edu-factory collective e Queen Mary University of London.
A quest?evento parteciperanno Andrew Ross della New York University, Morgan
Adamson della University of Minnesota, Christofer Newfield della University
of California- Santa Barbara, Pedro Barbosa Mendes di Uninomada- Brazil,
Stefano Harney della Queen Mary University of London.
Tra gli ospiti internazionali invitati a questo incontro avrebbe dovuto
partecipare anche Dillip Kumar Dash dall?Universit? di Hyderbrad, India,
studente e protagonista delle attuali lotte studentesche nel sud asiatico.
Abbiamo appreso oggi dallo stesso Dillip che l?ambasciata italiana di New
Delhi ha rifiutato, senza giustificazione, il suo visto impedendogli cos? di
partecipare all?evento che si terr? a Roma.
Global University ? un campo di battaglia, laddove la libera mobilit? di
ricercatori, docenti e studenti deve essere un diritto e non pu? essere la
nuova misura dello sfruttamento agita su scala globale.
Global University vuol dire per noi mettere in crisi le sue gerarchie e
differenziazioni: libert? di movimento, libera circolazione delle idee e dei
corpi che l?universit? la vivono e la costruiscono ogni giorno.
Denunciamo questo fatto gravissimo da parte delle autorit? italiane che
riconferma l?Italia come un paese inospitale, fondato su un attacco
generalizzato all?intelligenza e alla libert? di movimento.
Sapienza in Onda

@_date: 2009-06-11 15:05:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
I agree, we should minimize nuclear.  Ruling it out seems improbably...quite
possibly impossible.  I agree with Stan it is safe but I also agree
accidents will likely happen.  Waste is a major issue.  There are no easy
outs on this one.
I think it is good for the radicals to protest and for the corporations to
produce and self-regulate in the absence of government wisdom.
I find hydroelectric extremely problematic as I do nuclear.  I see no way
around either of them.  If the world drops in total joules produces, that
drop will come with huge human suffering and much social collapse.  It is
not a time for theatrics left or right.  Of course that is exactly when we
get the most theatrics both left and right.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-06-11 15:44:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
What I do not assume is that institutions are inherently evil.
I see daily lots of good work from government organizations.  I do some of
that work.  I think we all have roles to play in society.  Some protest,
some organize, some institutionalize.  There is an ecology to our existence
and its develops and changes through many roles.  I trust in institutions
because without them I feel society is anarchic--in the worst sense of the
word.  Regardless of how I feel, institutions do still rule, and I am
interested in people living as decently as is reasonably possible.  I've
seen societies where institutions fail rapidly and it typically isn't
good.  Notice Zimbabwe didn't invent alternative currency in their moments
of crisis...the coped with hyperinflation.  People aren't stupid, they try
things, research things, hope for things.  It is politics and
institutions that determine what is and what is not possible.
I agree the IMF has made lots of mistakes in Africa.  But as someone who
works on the cutting edge of government, mistakes are easy to see in
hindsight and not so easy to avoid in reality.  Good people who believe in
their ideas just as much as any of us come into those jobs and try very hard
to make things work.  (Far too) often things don't work.  We try something
new...or we try harder...or we leave and breakdown.  I've seen all those
play out many times.
Camelots are hard to come by.  I think we need to look to places that work
as we think ideal and then carefully study their weaknesses, strengths and
possibilities.  We go from there.
My own joy comes from the trenches where real people are helped and real
issues are worked.  I understand the joy of dealing with ideas and
abstractions too.  Both are necessary and both should interact a great
deal.  We need all sorts of talent to address profound challenges including
existing institutions.  But there is always room for another civil society
entity, or a another P2P venue.  Until those become dominant, I am strongly
for having as good a society as we can with the institutions we have, but I
am also for crazy ideas and angry debates--just as they occur in
governments, NGOs, etc.  Solutions come born from a lot of trial and
error...and commitment to try things and to stay with things that work.
I share your frustrations with existing entities.  We should try new ones
and to fix the old ones.  But I for one have very few answers when the times
are tough.  And when one sees that it is real lives, real food not
delivered, real learning not offered, real lights not turned on, it gets
very personal.  I've seen theoretical economists say things as if their math
equations were some reality that, when played out, hurt many people.  I've
seen it too with political theorists and idealists of all stripes.  That's
one reason why I care so much about democracy.  In the end, people aren't
that stupid if their power over their own lives is protected.  It is hard to
protect that power.
I disagree with many.  I find the ideas of some to be crank ones.  I'm still
with them in spirit because those who try--no matter if they are on the
inside or the outside of the game, share at least the camaraderie of
interest in things being better.  Show me someone engaged...and I'll show
you a friend of mine...even if their ideas are categorically the opposite of
mine.  I have to trust that those I disagree with are sincere and
authentic.  I even have to believe those in the IMF, the World Bank, etc.
want things to be better even if I see their current approaches as
misguided.  If we lose that hope, the only alternative is violence, and that
is no alternative at all so far as I'm concerned.

@_date: 2009-06-11 20:56:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] People happier under Soviet-styled socialism? 
I think Russia's problem is far more tied to corruption than market
ideologues.  But that's a quibble.  It is a grave disaster now...and
probably more threat to the world than it ever was as the USSR. It has a
completely corrupt power structure now.
I still feel the great issues are absence of democracy and corruption.
You'll have to convince me that rampant capitalism is one of the world's
great evils.  Evil perhaps, but well down the list.

@_date: 2009-06-12 09:12:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
I am certainly happy to carry on a rational dialogue with any group or
individual.  I think people can disagree sharply without resort to flames or
I'll admit myself to being so far underwhelmed by the Oekon. group's general
set of ideas, but like us all, things evolve.
If someone asked me what group of thinkers most resembles the core P2P
thinking I have seen here...I would have to go with the Wikinomics blog
team:  But I may well be saying I have greater sympathy with their views than an
objective WE have more sympathy with their views.  I do see many common

@_date: 2009-06-12 11:09:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
Amory Lovins is a great man.  One of the truly great energy minds.  I think
the reality of his statements are very much long term.  In the short run, it
is fossil versus nuclear.  So pick your poison.  One had better know clearly
which to prefer.  If you know and understand the issues...it isn't close.
Nuclear is vastly superior.
By the way, solar uses more trace minerals than almost any other
application.  It is becoming the world leader of trace mineral production.
Photovoltaic (as it should be called) is a chemical process that is very
problematical at a number of levels--from manufacturing waste to post-system
waste to use of some real ugly chemicals and materials.  Passive solar is of
course just great...but it provides no energy.  It merely displaces
production (which is super great but not enough.)
Solar thermal (passive, OTEC) etc. is an undoubted key part of a long term
future.  It isn't going to be a primary system...possibly OTEC could be but
that is 30-60 years away at earliest.
Fusion has been just around the corner for 40 years.  It still isn't close.
I've talked to the scientists and encourage everyone to do it.  It was just
last year that they achieved more energy out than in.  The whole
conceptualization of the technology may be wrong.
Realistically, hydrogen (or ammonia) are the likely winners if the planet is
to survive and humans are to live in a way with big networks, big
electronics, big production of steel and aluminum, lots of food, etc.
Electrolysis or natural gas are the best ways to make hydrogen.  Both have
big problems.  Electrolysis needs tons of electricity.  It also needs huge
amounts of fresh water.  OTEC provides those, but few other ideas do.
People will likely not be travelling much in the future--so you better
settle where you plan to be.  Goods will be more localized and energy
conservation will be a constant battle everywhere.  But those issues are
still 40 years off.
The real issue now is carbon.  If carbon is not limited while still not
destroying the economies of the world, there will be chaos and probably 100s
of millions of needless deaths within 25 years.  It will get worse from
there.  Food regions will dry out, fisheries will be exhausted, and raising
protein on this planet will be very problematical.
Only the uninformed fight nuclear as far as I am concerned.  Further, it is
politically feasible right now.  It IS the path to electric vehicles.  It
should of course be bypassed as soon as possible which is what I mean by

@_date: 2009-06-12 20:01:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
Stan, you are right that Lovins' recent work on the macro side is rather
cranky.  But his early stuff on vehicles, on the physics of energy, etc. was
some of the very early serious science on energy efficiencies in a number of
areas.  He is a genius...sadly not of the sort he is trying of late to be--a
Micropower (by which he means small production) is growing rapidly, but as
many are starting to note, it is often problematic--particularly
photovoltaic solar.
Nuclear, sadly, has not grown.  The greens have hurt nuclear a great deal
and therefore probably helped kill the planet more than the coal industry.
But they don't understand their error and they mean well.  Nuclear will come
back because it is obvious.  Peak uranium still is a problem...and fuel
reuse can probably extend the total energy available.
And you are right...passive does release energy...but certainly now
It is obvious that geo-thermal and the oceans hold the answers.  Energy has
to be shipped via hydrogen or some other small molecule.  Nuclear is the
obvious bridge.  Wind and photovoltaics are helpers--maybe.  It's not that
hard of a problem conceptually...what is hard is execution.  Entrenched
interests in industry and the green movement are big problems.

@_date: 2009-06-13 14:24:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
Highly unlikely.  I think something like .50 cents a kilowatt hour is more
likely-and that would be cheap.  The price is obviously set against the
standard of nuclear which is almost universally given as 11 cents / kW-h.
Coal is generally set a 5 cents.
The film plastics are going to have all sorts of problems--getting rid of
them is one.  Making them in scale is another.  They will require glues and
epoxies everywhere to be set down.  More chemicals.  More run off risks.
Anything under 25 cents a kW-h is attractive.  So far, solar isn't close.
Nuclear would be about 3 cents a kW-h except for extremely high regulatory
The simple truth is that all forms of solar decay in the sun.  Plastic will
decay too.  Efficiencies will drop and radiation will play havoc with
electronics.  Solar isn't a very smart idea for large scale applications and
it will wear out far too quickly for economical small scale applications.
Plus you need weird chemicals.

@_date: 2009-06-13 20:08:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
Thanks, you are probably right that my solar data is 2-3 years old--the last
time I had a real hard look.
But I've also learned to not believe the marketing hype.  I have a number of
1. MTBF (Mean time between failure)
2. Lifecycle costs on a significant-sized installation -- say, 75 KWe.
I'd also like to know how they are holding the films down, with what, and
what they do with them when they are finished.
Glad you are on it.  I'd love to be a fan of active solar.  As I said, the
last I looked, it wasn't very exciting.  Very small scale in very sunny
places--probably yes.  Else, not so much.
Do please keep us informed of the data as it evolves.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-06-14 10:20:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
No, it isn't great news--yet.  Because you have to throw away old solar
films and you have to glue them down and you have to replace them when they
wear out.
Nano has some exciting stuff, but you can't change the laws of physics.  The
film technology discussion has been going on for a while and I'm sure it has
some exciting technology, but to suggest it augers easy, cheap and readily
available electricity is just hype...with very little likelihood of reality
to back it up.
What solar really needs is a skeptical NGO to attack the hype claims.
Don't get me wrong, I'm for research and development where it makes sense.
 But I am against industrial pollution, against systems that require
constant replacement and which then fill landfills with horrible stuff, and
I am against corporations making production claims they can never delivery
(nuclear was supposed to be too cheap to meter!)
I'd be willing to place a fairly large wager than solar photovoltaic will
not be more than 10% of total energy production of the planet in the next
100 years.  I know it can't be executed, but I seriously doubt--highly doubt
in the strongest terms--that solar is a player in the future of much
Cute toys for the rich and the know-nothing greens, maybe, serious human
technology, I doubt.

@_date: 2009-06-14 10:56:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is P2P slow? 
As in...
Ryan Lanham
"You'd better start swimming or you'll sink like a stone"

@_date: 2009-06-14 11:11:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The difference between anarchism and 
There is room for speculative theory, and it is going to happen,
regardless.  Falsification is a good standard, but not the only one. The
trouble with experiments in behavioral economics, etc. is that the knowledge
found may be temporal, cultural and essentially inductive.  Humans aren't
molecules or simple bio-systems.  They change, re-evaluate, plan, etc.  We
can't even say whether something like homosexuality is purely hardwired yet
in all cases with clear science.  Human science moves slowly and may have no
forward given are changing nature.
That said, the left has always been big on moral high ground.  They just
KNOW better than the rest of us how we all ought to be living.  It's great
work if you can get it...usually at a state-funded university, of course.
The right is equally ridiculous with human nature arguments, in my view.
To my mind it all comes back to accountability.  You have to be accountable
to your "peers."  Unfortunately, the meaning of peer has gotten to be pretty
narrow--those who think like me and generally those who get paid to think
like me.
A peer isn't a journal editor...it is the rigorous review of an engaged
public--informed and uninformed. Few philosophers have much interest in that
sort of vetting because those people "just don't understand" or are "too
ignorant to have a "valid" opinion.  I've yet to meet one serious
philosopher who doesn't express that they have learned huge amounts by
trying to blog.  Uttering good sense in truly timely and open frameworks is
the gold standard of publishing as far as I'm concerned.  Is there a lot of
drivel?  Of course.  Is it still the toughest audience--yep.  I defy anyone
to prove there is a valid need for "scholarly" publishing outlets.
John Connell has been talking about the problems of status-induced
authority.  He is on the mark.  What we need, I suspect, is more P2P
scholarship.  More P2P criticism.   The cultural barriers to that...and to
the idea of not having a sinecure high horse from which to preach from, are
great.  It is interesting to live in the times when those walls seem to be
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham
"You'd better start swimming or you'll sink like a stone"

@_date: 2009-06-15 16:09:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Very cool P2P business idea... 
Fresh books...software as a network...
P2P-like business.
"You'd better start swimming or you'll sink like a stone"

@_date: 2009-06-15 16:50:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More data in the Nuclear Power Debate... 
Sorry, not exactly P2P but much talked about here...

@_date: 2009-06-17 07:40:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Saharan solar...in Europe 
They will have to go to hydrogen or some other transport fuel to make it

@_date: 2009-06-17 18:05:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A Capitalist Manifesto 
I have to admit, I have no idea how it is going to work.  It looks like
years and years of Japanese-like stagnation.
By the time it starts to be solved, the issue of carbon will be firmly home
to roost.  We are entering the period of the big slow...but not in a good
way I suspect.
On Wed, Jun 17, 2009 at 5:37 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2009-06-17 18:15:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Design Hydrogen Car 
It is a very small fuel cell.  Hydrogen is clearly the way to go.  Yes,
nuclear, yes OTEC, yes NG and Methane.  We'll need them all.  Carbon is a
problem but its one we aren't going to avoid.  So get used to hot.
Saw the latest and greatest solar tiles advertised today.  Main ingredient
Cadmium.  Not good.  Lifespan was a decent 25 years however.  If science
could do much better with, say a graphene-derived technology, I could see
solar playing a role on a decentralized basis.

@_date: 2009-06-18 11:31:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
What follows is a crude sketch forming in my own mind:
There were three great historical threads of anti-materialism in
the Anglo-American sphere that all reached their peak in the 1930s.
The first was the conventional Utopian socialist model.  This one still
plays out today (often in this list) and suggests a higher moral ground for
certain enlightened parties who can see clearly the ills that affect
society.  These groups tend to form communes, tend to collapse when sects
become unworkable, and tend to have radical ideas for doing away with money,
creating leisure societies, etc.  Their futurist component is the group that
hopes Star Trek replicators become reality.  There is a high quantity of
self-proclaimed intellectuals in this group often made up of disaffected
rebels who fair poorly in conventional schools and degree programs.  Their
past patron saint is George Bernard Shaw.  It seems to me the world center
of this movement now is German-speaking.
A second group of anti-materialists peaked with the writings of C.S. Lewis
against materialism.  These persons tend to be motivated by faith
considerations believing that money is a spiritual evil.  Wealth destroys
the soul.  They have threads permeating radical religious groups in the US
and British protestant movements.  Often these groups conflate anti-semitism
and anti-materialism.  The average devotee is the working poor with a strong
theological upbringing or those who fill jobs such as military roles,
teachers or small civil service posts where pay is low and discipline is
strong.  Their futurist component is millenialist.  They often speak of
divine judgment and hope for their justice to be delivered by spirit-world
interventions.  This group is now centered in Latin American and radical
protestant groups and sects.  Without the otherwise essential religious
thread, members of participating movements tend toward nationalist
socialism/fascism as in Venezuela.
A third group was the classical technocrats.  These were disaffected
engineers, architects and planners who foresaw the problems of maintaining
continuous consumption societies.  They tended to want to arrange the world
based on energy use and accounting which tied closely to the growing
awareness of physics theories in related areas from the 1880s-1930s.  Their
futurist component is a strong thread in the transhumanist discourse.  The
typical devotee is a technophile idealist who has tough encounters with
conventional modes of power and economic control.  These conflicts lead to
inflated views of technical possibilities that are usually Utopian, absurd
and ego-building for those who are able to conceive grand visions--the
rightful heirs of social control.  This group now fills subaltern positions
in universities and are leaders in social networking technologies, tending
to be early adaptors, idealistic visionaries and the like.  Their geographic
center is in Scandanavia, California, and, to some extent, Japan.  The
modern national manifestation is something like Holland or perhaps Finland.
My own view is that only this third group has legitimate linkages to the
current P2P movement.  The second makes no effort or has no interest in
worldly sharing models outside of the Church.  They tend to align with the
right politically.  The first group is jumping on to the P2P movement so as
to advance their own often stifled idealism.  They tend to hope for radical
catalysts to realize a future they expect to emerge regardless of any
evidence to the contrary.  In a sense, they are millenialist as well, but
they tend to have limited or no spiritual focus.  Their end times results in
some Utopian socialist vision of paradise on earth.
My guess is that the interaction of these groups will continue to prove
mutually destructive.  The third will maintain leadership and action roles
because of their technical interests and skills.  The second will continue
to reject earthly models.  The first will alienate others by their constant
focus on theory with little commitment to empirical action or results.
The end product will be a slowly growing P2P movement periodically
revitalized by neo-technocrats fixated on future issues and their seeming
powerlessness to respond to unresponsive power structures.  Ironically, this
mentality is extremely close to the techno-entrepreneur movement of the
1980s and beyond.  The difference is that the neo-technocrats tend to be
anti-materialistic.  One will continue to see cross-overs between the
neo-technocrats and the techno-entrepreneurs in the areas of social
entrepreneurism.  Again, both the millenial heirs of C.S. Lewis and the
Utopian socialists will be at the fringes of these projects.

@_date: 2009-06-18 11:31:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
What follows is a crude sketch forming in my own mind:
There were three great historical threads of anti-materialism in
the Anglo-American sphere that all reached their peak in the 1930s.
The first was the conventional Utopian socialist model.  This one still
plays out today (often in this list) and suggests a higher moral ground for
certain enlightened parties who can see clearly the ills that affect
society.  These groups tend to form communes, tend to collapse when sects
become unworkable, and tend to have radical ideas for doing away with money,
creating leisure societies, etc.  Their futurist component is the group that
hopes Star Trek replicators become reality.  There is a high quantity of
self-proclaimed intellectuals in this group often made up of disaffected
rebels who fair poorly in conventional schools and degree programs.  Their
past patron saint is George Bernard Shaw.  It seems to me the world center
of this movement now is German-speaking.
A second group of anti-materialists peaked with the writings of C.S. Lewis
against materialism.  These persons tend to be motivated by faith
considerations believing that money is a spiritual evil.  Wealth destroys
the soul.  They have threads permeating radical religious groups in the US
and British protestant movements.  Often these groups conflate anti-semitism
and anti-materialism.  The average devotee is the working poor with a strong
theological upbringing or those who fill jobs such as military roles,
teachers or small civil service posts where pay is low and discipline is
strong.  Their futurist component is millenialist.  They often speak of
divine judgment and hope for their justice to be delivered by spirit-world
interventions.  This group is now centered in Latin American and radical
protestant groups and sects.  Without the otherwise essential religious
thread, members of participating movements tend toward nationalist
socialism/fascism as in Venezuela.
A third group was the classical technocrats.  These were disaffected
engineers, architects and planners who foresaw the problems of maintaining
continuous consumption societies.  They tended to want to arrange the world
based on energy use and accounting which tied closely to the growing
awareness of physics theories in related areas from the 1880s-1930s.  Their
futurist component is a strong thread in the transhumanist discourse.  The
typical devotee is a technophile idealist who has tough encounters with
conventional modes of power and economic control.  These conflicts lead to
inflated views of technical possibilities that are usually Utopian, absurd
and ego-building for those who are able to conceive grand visions--the
rightful heirs of social control.  This group now fills subaltern positions
in universities and are leaders in social networking technologies, tending
to be early adaptors, idealistic visionaries and the like.  Their geographic
center is in Scandanavia, California, and, to some extent, Japan.  The
modern national manifestation is something like Holland or perhaps Finland.
My own view is that only this third group has legitimate linkages to the
current P2P movement.  The second makes no effort or has no interest in
worldly sharing models outside of the Church.  They tend to align with the
right politically.  The first group is jumping on to the P2P movement so as
to advance their own often stifled idealism.  They tend to hope for radical
catalysts to realize a future they expect to emerge regardless of any
evidence to the contrary.  In a sense, they are millenialist as well, but
they tend to have limited or no spiritual focus.  Their end times results in
some Utopian socialist vision of paradise on earth.
My guess is that the interaction of these groups will continue to prove
mutually destructive.  The third will maintain leadership and action roles
because of their technical interests and skills.  The second will continue
to reject earthly models.  The first will alienate others by their constant
focus on theory with little commitment to empirical action or results.
The end product will be a slowly growing P2P movement periodically
revitalized by neo-technocrats fixated on future issues and their seeming
powerlessness to respond to unresponsive power structures.  Ironically, this
mentality is extremely close to the techno-entrepreneur movement of the
1980s and beyond.  The difference is that the neo-technocrats tend to be
anti-materialistic.  One will continue to see cross-overs between the
neo-technocrats and the techno-entrepreneurs in the areas of social
entrepreneurism.  Again, both the millenial heirs of C.S. Lewis and the
Utopian socialists will be at the fringes of these projects.

@_date: 2009-06-18 16:23:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Very bad news on the climate front... 
In short, carbon matters a lot.  And we have more today than we did in the
past two million years...and (not in this article but already confirmed...)
the amounts are rising, rapidly.

@_date: 2009-06-19 15:19:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The difference between anarchism and 
2009/6/19 Sm?ri McCarthy As Eben Moglen said anecdotally during a
talk yesterday at the University of Iceland: "Under capitalism, man
exploits man. Under communism it's the other way around." (there's a
partial audio recording at  btw)
...Love it.
Ryan Lanham
"You'd better start swimming or you'll sink like a stone"
2009/6/19 Sm?ri McCarthy

@_date: 2009-06-21 11:13:28
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
I agree with much of what you say, but I increasingly think the linkage to
conventional Neo-Marxism may prove the undoing of P2P theory.
What I see developing amongst the Neo-Marxists is not an inclusive theory.
It is a controlling theory. It must, like a religion, be the only way.  It
mandates and demands while being inherently judgmental.  They KNOW what
equality is.  They KNOW what persecution is.  And they KNOW how to solve
these problems.  It is, like so many 19th century ideals, judgment mixed
with intolerance.
I would hope pluralism could and would reign, but I fear that there are
those who think their ideas are the only ones, and who demand that full
accession to their ideals is a form of perfection.  That is dangerous.

@_date: 2009-06-22 08:59:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
Christian and Michel:
I do not proscribe anything in intellectual discourse.  Never have.  Never
will.  I believe in liberty of thought, free intellectual searching and the
hope for a better world all around.
I would be quick to sideline myself should anyone suggest otherwise (and
hope others would as well), though I would also know in my heart it was not
a just or logical criticism, at least from my perspective.  If it is the
consensus, consider me to have resigned from any further writing or
comment.  I believe groups have the right to censure.  Laws are just and
laws should be enacted by some logical process that leads back to general
participation and legitimization.
I fear the line of discourse here has become so outside the intellectual
province of reality, and so arbitrarily and ridiculously Marxian, that it
has become destructive to the very ideas of P2P.
I also note that everyone seems "influenced" by Marx but few wish to own
him.  Marx was explicit.  He was anti-capitalist, just as the exclusive
group founded earlier in the discussions was anti-capitalist.  I am not anti
anything, except I am against the ideas that people have the right to pursue
happiness, liberty and prosperity so long as it is not destructive to
democratically accepted standards of good conduct.  Marxism is one such
idea.  It seems forever to judge, to control, to focus on the wealth and
power of others rather than the righteousness and justice of individuals.
"Anti" is by definition, defined as what it is not--not what it is.  I
challenge those who define their views in negative space to be FOR
something, not against something.  What, dear Marxists, are you for, in
explicit terms?  Is it always to be endless semantics and word games as in
Christian's note below?  Where is the positive assertion of truth in clear
terms?  Where is the foundation that is accessible and arguable in frank and
explicit dialogue?
It is my own view that the anti-market rhetoric becoming so dominant here is
destructive to P2P.  The giants of the field are certainly not against
markets, productivity, merit, opportunity nor are they against profit.   The
discussions of endless surplus and no money are silly and have no basis in
reality that anyone can see, touch or experience.  It isn't futurism, it is
nihilism--serving to destroy good while advancing the nonsensical.  I feel
that if it is not called out, the field of P2P research risks becoming
absurdly nihilistic just as the general discourse of neo-Marxism is absurdly
nihilistic.   The writings back and forth are as arcane as they are absurd.
This is the dialogue of a religious sect--the anti-market faith.
The stunning poverty of ideas that has been associated with anti-capitalism
I feel speaks for itself.  From North Korea to Robert Mugabe to the factory
fishing fleet of the USSR, the whole of the Marxist world has been a
socially bankrupt set of ideals that have done colossal ill.  I find it
frankly shocking in this day and age that people defend any of it.  And no,
this is not about the contra set of ideas...this is about Marxism.  Own it
if it is yours and lead us to understand its positive value.  Make explicit
that it is not yours if it is not.
So my challenge to those who feel they have been influenced or schooled by
Marx or Neo-Marxist ideas is that they distill in some logical and real
form, those ideas that can be implemented, will be implemented and can be
tested in the historical horizon for the genuine democratically acknowledged
good of humans and the planet.
Tell us explicitly how they will be implemented, how they can be tested and
how they advance the ideals of P2P.  Do not free-ride on P2P to advance your
own frustrated political philosophy that is Utopian, without prospect of
real implementation, and argumentative for argument and anger's sake.  Give
us some set of social measures that are clear, understandable and agreeable
to large numbers of people.  Stop the arrogance of suggesting you have
unique insights or your tribe has unique insights the rest are unready
for or unworthy of.  Show us an idea that works, not another few hundred
pages of rambling semantics aimed to please only other obscure theorists in
some sort of angry Marx-fetished masterbation.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-06-22 12:35:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
Stallman also wrote the following before them...
*?Shouldn't a programmer be able to ask for a reward for his creativity??*
There is nothing wrong with wanting pay for work, or seeking to maximize
one's income, as long as one does not use means that are destructive. But
the means customary in the field of software today are based on destruction.
Extracting money from users of a program by restricting their use of it is
destructive because the restrictions reduce the amount and the ways that the
program can be used. This reduces the amount of wealth that humanity derives
from the program. When there is a deliberate choice to restrict, the harmful
consequences are deliberate destruction.
The reason a good citizen does not use such destructive means to become
wealthier is that, if everyone did so, we would all become poorer from the
mutual destructiveness. This is Kantian ethics; or, the Golden Rule. Since I
do not like the consequences that result if everyone hoards information, I
am required to consider it wrong for one to do so. Specifically, the desire
to be rewarded for one's creativity does not justify depriving the world in
general of all or part of that creativity.
He suggests that anyone should be able to be paid so long as the borders and
boundaries they create are not destructive.  But then isn't all admissions
to universities destructive by such logic?  Isn't any barrier to any given
use by anyone destructive in the same thread?  Shouldn't we all be able to
sleep where we want and eat whatever is grown?  If maximum use is the
criteria of value, then any restriction on any property is
absurd--intellectual or not.  Surely professors don't own their research
notes, their journal articles, their books or their lectures.  And the idea
of security on all machines should be given over to simply a write-only
problem--everything everywhere should be readable so that it can be used!
And no one need cite another author because that limits value!
Aren't all books and journals that are not open to any publication or
viewing destructive?  Isn't the failure to share any thought or idea that
might have value to anyone a failure by such standards?  Stallman's writing
suggests the absence of intellectual property--not the freedom to share.
Once again, nihilism and fantasy instead of logic, responsibility and
sharing.  P2P deserves better.
On Mon, Jun 22, 2009 at 10:33 AM, Christian Siefkes

@_date: 2009-06-22 18:10:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
By definition, any private good is a rival good.  A non-rival good is, by
definition, public and non-material.  What is material is not always clear,
but ideas even if written down are probably always non-material.  However,
some public, non-material goods can be rival goods as is well understood.
A public idea can never be a rival good.  Writers produce so-called public
ideas.  Any code is a rival good if someone says it is private.  Rival and
private are very nearly synonyms in intellectual property.
Frankly, I'm not sure what rival and non-rival--basic microeconomic
ideas--has to do with anything.
Stallman is a good if ill man.  He is quite capable of nihilism and I have
been in the room when he spews it.  But my point was not about Stallman.  My
point was about absurdity and the anti-market tedium that really, to my
mind, has nothing whatsoever to do with P2P.

@_date: 2009-06-22 19:34:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
Things are not, by nature, rival or non-rival goods.  Those are defined by
laws of property.  If you do not like the laws, work to change them.
However, there is no indepedent concept of rival versus non-rival goods
outside of a political system.
Non-rival goods -- like ocean water classically -- can easily become rival
goods -- 200 mile territory limits.  The same is true of electrons
(electricity) air -- air rights.
Property laws are set by lawyers and politicians.  P2P systems are designed
by those who freely choose to share their output and to pool into
commons--it could be any sort of system of scarce or non-scarce goods.
To say rival goods cause problems is akin to saying cultures cause
problems.  There may be some hint of truth to it, but it is largely
irrelevant unless one wishes to radically alter a political system.  Nothing
in P2P requires altering any political system--P2P thrives just fine
regardless of when and where it is implemented.

@_date: 2009-06-22 20:38:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
You are quite right that I confused rivalrous and excludable goods.  It has
been a long time since I read Rothbard and the Austrians who gave us these
ideas (I presume).
The difference of course is largely irrelevant since property laws do
I accept that data is possible to be replicated at negligible cost.  That
doesn't make the right to copy it inherently present.  And excludability is
everywhere we want it to be from viewsheds to air rights.
In practical terms, I continue to believe the discussion of rivalrous goods
to be largely irrelevant.  If you want to talk about property law, you are
in national political systems.  What difference does it make if a good can
or can't be copied without loss of material?

@_date: 2009-06-22 21:04:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
I suppose the point I really wish to make is that we have lost the P2P out
of these discussions.  P2P is an ethos of sharing and responsibility for
one's own contributions to a commons.  It is not a coercive system. It is
not a right. It is now a power.  It is not a solution to the world's
problems.  It is a mode of sharing.  How that has tangled with neo-Marxism,
I have no idea.
I continue myself to think that responsible sharing under many different
types of law--and international property law--has dazzled and amused the
world.  It excites us to think people are noble enough to share and that all
manner of things can happen.  But P2P sharing is also about possible
technologies that further enable sharing and 1 to 1 interactions of all
sort...and the elimination of certain hierarchical governance systems.
Those too can be stretched into political arguments that have no business
with P2P.
I have said too much.  Probably you are right that much of it is wrong or
wrong-headed.  I simply feel the purpose of P2P--which was the joy of
sharing and building a common purpose, has been conflated with an anger, a
political view, that is not elemental to P2P.
That saddens me.  P2P is a great and exciting thing.  Much of what is being
pinned to it is not so great in my view.  I suppose that is the way of the

@_date: 2009-06-22 21:10:07
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
I am increasingly of a mind that I am simply wrong.  These discussions are
necessary and are appropriate.  It was not what I had hoped for, but that is
the challenge and the joy of all group dynamics.
As an aside, I spent a long time arguing with Austrian economist inspired
people, so I think you have confused me with someone else.  Tie me to Keynes
in some way, yes.  Austrians...not so much.  I have read them.  I'm not a
great fan.
I think Stan is closer to the Austrians, but the law and economics crowd is
probably closer to what he is reading.  The two are often together so far as
I know.
I apologize to all for appearing bothered.  Tough times.  I sincerely regret
any ruffled feathers.

@_date: 2009-06-23 13:39:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] present and future 
Thanks, Michel.  David Gurteen, Dave Snowden and others who run in that pack
are old acquaintances of mine.  Jon Husband's Wirearchy is an excellent blog
in that space...
Snowden is sort of a British Clay Shirky.  Very smart, but smart in the
peculiar way of saying very elemental things that are surprisingly
insightful over long periods--like Shirky.  Not many people have such
wisdom.  It is almost a naive legitimacy founded in simply mulling things
over deeply again and again.
Billing I have known of but do not follow.  I have not heard of Patricia
Certainly there is nothing here I disagree with.  I still wonder whether the
only real theory worth a damn doesn't come from tinkering with real
problems.  Even someone as theoretical as Einstein supposedly worked almost
exclusively with mental models of reality (thought experiments).
I read today where the E. F. Shumacher Foundation gets 43,000 hits a day on
Berkshire Bucks or BerkBucks.  Do those guys have a theory of their
success?  Or a theory about money?  I suppose success in application
doesn't guarantee theoretical insight.
I do find myself most on the side of those who address real problems of real
people today.  If those problems are intractable, all the better.  The older
I get the less stock I put in large pools of theory--perhaps one reason why
economics and political philosophy are so dull to me now when once I found
them so very essential.

@_date: 2009-06-23 13:54:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] does wind power obviate need for nuclear 
There is more than enough wind.  Far more than enough sun.  We even have
more than enough geo-thermal.
The key is having smart grids to move power and means to store and transport
it.  Smart grids would cost trillions on a global scale.  The technology is
also not yet fully there.
So far the only real possibility for storage is hydrogen.  I am always
anxious to hear about others...ammonia is sometimes discussed.  Some places
may pump water to the top of a hill or building the way the Scots do.  To
move energy 10,000 miles requires something that combusts or runs a fuel
cell so far as I know.
If I had to predict an energy future, it will be large scale desal and h2
production from renewable energy...like this:
Of course the windiest places on earth on the oceans...

@_date: 2009-06-24 20:18:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
I agree with Stan's research in principle.  I would say that the single
greatest action humans could take to reduce power use is probably in the
area of insulation.
The Jevons paradox, I think, can be overcome by public policy given
sufficient education.  People can choose to use less natural resources even
though they have more transportation technology, for instance, because they
understand the moral value of reallocation. Of course pressures to drill
drill drill notwithstanding.
I've never much believed in economic "laws."  People can decide their fate
and change their patterns--Jared Diamond's depressing research
notwithstanding.  If they cannot, discussions are pointless.
I otherwise agree.

@_date: 2009-06-25 08:29:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
I actually prefer top-posted items.  They are more fluid and natural as a
form of writing.  But if the group prefers the norm of inter-spaced, I am
happy to comply.  Always amused by the discussion though...I saw it the
first time on USENET at Harvard in the 1980s.  So much for "progress."  I
remember adding the carrot insert code for multi-level inter-spaced to my
EMACS and vi editors about 1987--date may be off.  Stallman probably wrote
it for all I know.  The Internet doesn't maintain much institutional memory
in some ways.  I'm surprised these interactions don't become video over
text...that would be easier and better in some respects.
More substantively...
Japan and European countries are efficient because they need be
economically.  They have few resources, energy intensive small industries
(e.g. specialty steels) and dense populations.
India, China and the US suffer less from these ills/benefits.  China
probably has enough dirty coal for centuries and can buy billions of tons
more from Western Canada, Australia and the US.  India doesn't need heat, it
needs cooling.  Nuclear is an obvious solution for them as it is in Southern
By contrast, Europe has no space for nuclear that is not surrounded by NIMBY
political factions.  Even still, France is by far the most nuclear nation on
earth per capita. Europe will soon get its power mostly from the Sahara I
suspect. It will be interesting to see if they pay for it in fair and
equitable ways.  North Sea oil and gas (and Russian gas) are not endless.
 So the movement toward efficiency, small scale, small vehicle cultures is
easier and more obvious in Japan, Switzerland, Denmark, etc.
The real moral leaders appear to be New Zealand.  Four million people don't
matter much, but good for all of us that they are trying to build national
will and show how a functioning democracy can do good by planning.
Japan uses by a wide margin less power than anyone else.  Few Americans
would or could live as most Japanese do--in very small spaces with very
small vehicles and densely packed offices and transportation systems.
 Japan's economy has coped for 75 years with inadequate natural resources.
 They don't do it for moral reasons.  One need only look at their slaughter
of fisheries, whales, dolphins, etc. to see that motivations are indeed hard
to curb.
Like the America, the same will be true of China and India to a lesser
degree.  One need only look at Korea, which is not very efficient at all, to
see that technological and social advancement have nothing to do with
efficiency.  Green movements thrive where they are economically viable.
 Germany has a strong but weakening green movement.  Most consider the
nation to be moving sharply to the right politically--and those people
aren't going to be very green.
America has a car culture.  It invented the modern automobile as it is
designed, marketed and delivered around the world with very few exceptions.
 Asking it to switch to other models (as with air versus rail, etc.) is
asking for radical social changes that do not fit its culture or its
economy.  America needs to lead on cutting outputs, but those cuts need to
be culturally and economically feasible and fair given where nations started
from and their densities and economic models.
Of course the real issue is what America, China and India do.  Europe
matters a little, but it is a diverse set of post-industrial nations for the
most part.  Those nations are densely populated, highly educated and easily
swayed toward cohesive political will.  America is a diverse, widely
distributed land with many different ways of living.  Same with China and
India (and Indonesia...and Africa).  Those places need much fairer and open
modes of saving that allow for rapid development, fast and low-cost
transportation, etc.  Europe doesn't need these things.  It is truly apples
and oranges.
We need real and diverse solutions that fit differing realities.
2009/6/25 Sm?ri McCarthy

@_date: 2009-06-28 10:04:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Annual GDP Growth 
*Bespoke: Country GDP growth* ?Below we highlight 2009 estimated GDP growth
for 21 countries. As shown, only China and India are expected to actually
grow in 2009, while the other countries are expected to contract. China?s
2009 GDP growth estimate is at 7.66%, while India?s is at 4%. The US is
closer to the top of the list than the bottom with an estimate of -2.49%. It
ranks only behind Canada among other G7 countries. Japan and Germany are
expected to see the biggest contraction in GDP in 2009 at -6.61% and -6.06%
respectively. The UK is at -3.74%, Russia is at -2.77%, and France is at
-2.75%.? [image:
Source: Bespoke,
June 26, 2009.

@_date: 2009-06-28 17:27:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Brilliant article on the financial crisis and 
I found it on Kedrosky but do read the whole thing at the NY Review of
Books...very worth it.
Skidelsky is a brilliant writer.  If you have a chance, check out his work
on Keynes.  That's probably how Kedrosky picked it up.

@_date: 2009-06-29 18:39:41
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A basic income guarantee versus peer production 
I believe the best we can do is to identify best practices in reality.  To
me, the Nordic nations do best.  I would be content with global Sweden or
Denmark.  It is imperfect, but more just.  Global Germany or global US is
not good enough.  Now we need to convince everyone to be Sweden.  So Germany
should stop being itself and become Sweden.  Iran should stop being Iran and
become Sweden.  North Korea should stop being North Korea and become
Sweden.  So, who will become Sweden first?

@_date: 2009-03-17 16:20:57
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Manufacturing 
Very interesting points. One view of openness is transparency with certain
essential rules; I'm not sure that is explicitly noted in Marc's summary.
That is, a form of "open" is the idea of organizational processes that are
reviewable and available to comment and criticism.  If there is organization
that is purposeful (teleological), decisions must be made ultimately but
ought to be made with clear procedure (e.g. due process) and available
knowledge of interests and conflicts that seem, within some reasonable view,
to bear relevance.
In a sense, schemes of code are beholden to procedures set by governance
bodies of those who designed the compilers, etc.  Or, said another way,
someone could feasibly believe in a God who put nature in motion and then
allowed the rules to be discovered and changed.  Maybe an open
universe though would have a manual produced by the hypothical supreme
I suppose I am saying that everything is procedural AND organizational.  How
decision power is vested and used is both organization and procedural.
It would be very hard to discern "open" without some underlying body of
relatively stable procedural and organizational orthodoxy.  I think the
general intent is to be as transparent as possible while also enabling use
of approaches without subscription to the ongoing role of the original
organizing hierarchy.  That is, a person is free to create their own
organization or to modify the existing organization to their own ends in
open systems.  This is true of procedures as well.
Some uses may be to simply learn conceptually the workings of something
which might then be reapplied in a closed system that is differentiated
significantly through innovation.
Process hierarchies are, by definition, fixed sources of power unless they
can be ignored going forward.
Ryan Lanham
2009/3/17 marc fawzi

@_date: 2009-03-18 13:46:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Futurismic Covers Douglas Rushkoff 
Futurismic has an interesting little article on Douglas Rushkoff and his
views on allowing accelerated movements toward localism, alternative
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-19 12:20:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Pat Kane sent you a message on Facebook... 
I commented that I am surprised we don't have crawlers in blog readers.
When I used to work at a stock exchange as a product design guy, the future
was more types of data on a screen...video, crawlers, focus points.  I'm
surprised google's attempts to build up more formidable versions of iGoogle
haven't gone better.
There is a balance that will arise between mobility versus the glitz of a
full-screen mode.  I expect we will soon have roll-out thin film screens
that can be sized to a given available real estate.  No need for screens to
be rigid of course.  Something like a pen could spread out into
an iPhone-like device or be locked into a full roll-out mode of 8x24 inches
or something.  You could then rapidly add windows of functionality a la
It is also odd that some people think of paper as a permanent medium.
Ryan Lanham
2009/3/19 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-03-20 14:35:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Interesting Blurb on Human Brain Research at 
Brain's balance somewhere between chaos and order...
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-21 11:59:37
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Manufacturing 
The point you are making is similar to one I have explored in foundation
management.  Foundations don't want to open their decision processes to
either transparent review or participatory approaches that are
"uncontrolled."  I am familiar, for example, with community foundations.
The boards are often very tight networks with closed sessions and a lot of
secret communications.  Ironic for a community foundation.
Governance in the open is quite hard.  There is something about control of
means of production and security of position that works against open
concepts.  On the other hand, as things move toward more leaderless models,
one might expect these barriers to lessen.
If a person invests a considerable portion of their time in something...even
an ownerless something, maybe they have some claim of secure
ownership...like a tenure concept.
Ryan Lanham
2009/3/21 marc fawzi

@_date: 2009-03-22 09:44:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: Open Source 
There are, as the wiki entry suggests, vectors to open.  It isn't a single
My crack at it:
Open [systems, processes, organizations] attempt to minimize the associative
advantage of those who organize knowledge in favor of the advantage of
larger communities of stakeholders who are often less empowered to organize
knowledge in similar ways.  Viewing technology as knowledge that enables,
open technologists work toward inclusive and broad contributions rather than
self-interested and controlling agendas.  Such enabling is more likely to
foster positive feedback loops and dependent expansions than closed,
self-interested efforts.  There are numerous aspects (or vectors) of
openness that can include the following items (and others):
1. Transparancy of governance: The decisions, information inputs, research
and finances of entities claiming openness are readily accessible
particularly to those entities such as journalists, bloggers, activists and
the like who serve as community watchdogs and inspectors.
2. Inclusive membership for production and access to benefits:  Open
entities willingly include both producers and consumers of their outputs
with minimal barriers to entry, particularly barriers that transfer any
benefit to those who have previously contributed as producers or organizers
of knowledge.
3. Low overhead:  Open entities attempt to perform their services with
minimal costs of bureaucratic function.  This priority tends to enforce
limited missions of open entities rather than expansive, government-like
4. Technocratic and democratic decision processes:  Merit as a priority in
decision criteria refers back to rational rules of selection for quality,
efficacy, efficiency and effectiveness to consumers rather than criteria
that inure to producers or organizers of knowledge.  In the absence of
technocratic criteria, democratic processes emphasizing inclusiveness are
5. Reuse and extension:  Open entities prioritize reuse of resources and
encourage broad production and expansion of knowledge bases without links to
tightly controlled, owned, or otherwise consumer value limited components of
Ryan Lanham
2009/3/22 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-03-25 14:22:26
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Open Money Ought to Work 
I've been thinking a long time about LETSIs and Open Money lately.  I have a
few thoughts on the execution of a larger scale scheme than those typically
handled in current LETSI frameworks.  I'll throw them out here and welcome
any feedback.
1.      Those who honor one or more types of local currency are members of a
LETSI network.  Think of the old credit card honored symbols on retailer
2.      A LETSI network, or more generally, the [exchange network] (in my
example below, the hypothetical Bay Area Bucks Network) is a membership
3.      Any person or organization making offers (or bids) in the [exchange
currency] requires [membership] in the exchange network (like having an Ebay
4.      Scrip can be used by anyone whether or not they are a member so long
as it is used at a member organization.  Scrip is essentially local legal
tender as accepted by a member (e.g. for 50% of any bill or for all
purchases under $20 US etc.)
5.      To get currency without being a retail member, members create an
[ask bid]?like selling something on Ebay--for a good or service (or loan) to
attain exchange currency.
6.      When an ask bid is accepted or a [counter offer] is made and
agreed?like from an Ebay buyer member?a [contract] is recorded at the
network administrators at a given [exchange price] set in the network
currency.  The issuing person is the [asker], the one who accepts the ask
bid or sets a counter-office that is agreed is the [offerer].
7.      There is also meta-market of local currencies with inter-currency
pricing linked to other standards of value such as $US and to each other.
This central exchange point is called the [grand market].
8.      The [network administrator] is an entity responsible issuing
currencies following a contract.  It could be a community foundation,
chamber of commerce, group of market makers, etc.  It manages electronic
account credit and debits and also trades scrip for electronic account
9.      All contracts require that the offerer complete transaction comments
within an agreed period based on the goods or services specified in the ask
10.  The network administrator can freeze accounts of those who do not issue
comments and/or investigate negative comments and resolve them as
appropriate in the membership provisions.
11.  The grand market set of exchange prices is set once per 24 hour period
to simplify administration of the participating networks.  For example, the
Grand Market would publish that LETSI currency A is worth 0.2 US dollars or
1 garden fresh tomato, 20 aluminum cans, 1.4 units of LETSI Z (etc.)
12.  Any participant in LETSI A could fulfill a contract be delivery in kind
quantities of specified items to the network administrator (usually US$),
but could be pounds of canned goods for a local food pantry, etc.
13.  As an example, Say someone wanted to issue 1000 Bay Area Bucks (a
hypothetical network currency) to themselves in exchange for a large good or
service (an ask bid).
14.   There would be known ways to use those BAB units publicized and
supported by the network administrator (the catalogue) and the local network
would encourage advertising schemes.
15.  I would put my ask bid (1000 BAB) up for offer to participants in the
pool (the retailers, etc. would honor the bucks)...for, say 500 lbs of
concrete ready mix.  I might just as well ask to borrow 1000 BAB in exchange
for paying 20 US dollars every week for one year based on a standard
contract noted in the ask, or offer a coupon for 100 hamburgers of a given
type at my hamburger stand.  The list of asks would look very similar to a
micro credit site (e.g. Kiva or MyC4) or Ebay sales items, etc.
16.  The BABs would only be unlocked if (and only if) another member
accepted by confirmation online that the BABs I wanted for the good or
service were contractually agreed.
17.  The member offerer might offer fewer BABs (e.g. 640) for the services
or goods to the asker--in other words, there can be auctions.
18.  The asker then either choose to accept or decline an offer.
19.  Upon agreement, a contract is set (matched).
20.  The network administrator automatically issues network currency to the
account of the asking member.
21.  The asking member who now has a credit to an account can go to a
central facility to trade e-currency for scrip (essentially an ATM).
22.  The grand market allows movement of liquid commodities and currencies
between local exchanges at daily set rates.  E.g. BABs to US$, ounces of
silver, BABs to other LETSI currencies, etc.  The simplest model would
be US$ but a range of grand market trades would likely quickly arise.  A
central foundation would manage the grand market.
23.  It would be straightforward to add charity or microcredit systems to
this framework where a special rate of scrip could be moved to a charitable
account, for example, in exchange for a credit card debit.
24.  The key supporting systems would include the catalogue of asks, the
bank accounting system of e-accounts, the scrip tracking system, the grand
market system, and ancillary tools like charity systems, microfinance
systems, etc.  However, most things could be handled as a variation on the
central catalogue system.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-25 16:26:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Open Money Ought to Work 
First, no offense taken, no worries there, ever.  The economics and
especially the behavior economics of local currencies is pretty limited.
We're all shooting in the dark and trial and error is the most likely way to
gain knowledge.  That said, some theory of design is also worthwhile, and we
do no a lot about Paypal, Ebay, FX trading, etc.
I've tried to use existing models that work.  People trust MyC4 or Kiva
models, the software is there and the means are understandable.  People
certainly trust Ebay.  The interfaces to both are simple and easy to
Second, I think the basic questions of currency exchange are fungibility and
liquidity.  What can be exchanged for what, when and how.  I started from a
program that recognizes that currencies have value and can be traded like
anything else.  One ought to maximize that within reason.  It creates
safeguards against inflation and other woes and it crates incentives for
good governance of LETSI systems.
Third, the problem with fiat money is exactly that governments can play
games--print too much money, goof up exchange rates, etc.  In short, they
have monetary policy.  To minimize the local impact of such games and to
assure demand exists for local policy aims (e.g. keep the small businesses
going), localities need capacity to minimize the buffeting that
international markets can bring to local functions.
Control is achieved when you can set the scale and scope of your network and
implement your own governance plan that promotes its own objectives.  Bad
plans will fail.  Good ones will endure.  A good currency governance plan
for a currency is one that assures availability, usability and value
preservation.  These ride on top of fungibility and liquidity.  I like to
think of the old trading stamp models.  By X get some S&H green stamps.
What you get for your S&H green stamps is all important.  That's where local
policy can be made.  Yet there should always be a market in US$ for S&H
green stamps.
By floating local currencies and creating a liquid currency market,
exchanges between LETSI networks can be normalized without actual
distribution of goods and services across various LETSIs.
Let's say Seattle cares about reducing carbon with its local currency.
Therefore carbon reducing strategies trade at a premium to their value in
the rest of the world by allowing a local currency the local currency to get
high value for exchanges related to carbon reduction.  I can arbitrage that
value in another local currency I care about by having my "central bank" in
Seattle offer a good exchange of value of their currency versus one that
encourages, say, reducing homelessness in New Orleans.  All this can be done
without recourse to US dollars while still maintain liquidity and
fungibility throughout the whole system.
Here's what I've been thinking about in the Cayman Islands.  A health
network.  Surplus health goods (e.g. health club services like training
sessions, sessions with a dietician, etc. can be traded for local
network scrip.  These can be exchanged at some floating rate for other types
of currency--both "real money" and other items--like coupons for dollars off
on certain types of healthy food.  Thus, a company can encourage healthier
workers by giving them health scrip which the company can buy for dollars.
People can then trade for really good value in health, or relatively modest
real cash values.  Those firms that offer good scrip value do so because
they want to encourage good health or use resources they have in quantities
greater than the local market can consume.  In another case, let's say a
philanthropist wanted to improve local health.  She could donate cash to a
group to purchase health scrip that would then be useable only
for health (or local business purchases or local conservation/green
enterprises, etc).
This enables a location to have 4-5 different types of scrip and accounts
that are dedicated to a cause and yet fungible.  Churches could join
together in health and family networks but not in conservation, if they were
so inclined.  Yet conservation dollars could trade for real cash or health
cash with relative ease.  The central bank could standardize its approaches
to ppolicy by choosing the sort of governance they wanted to emphasize.
Hospitals and phyiscian groups might take Health bucks in partial payment
but not conservation bucks.  Yet I can trade conservation bucks for
health bucks if the central bank has incentives to push that.
Incentives are essentially schemes of coupons--the alternative scrip is
really just a coupon.  Just as grocer create incentives for one sort of
consumption or another through a newspaper, the central bank can finance and
push various sorts of currency incentives--not JUST being local...but
anything they want from energy efficiency to curing social ills.  It's all
in the exchange rates.  Ride a bike to work, get 5 health dollars.  Each one
is only work 20 cents, but you can get $5 off on a prescription or a trainer
session at the gym.    The gym gets capacity use, exposure, etc.  Then gets
health dollars it can use as a local incentive for its employees.  And so it
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-26 13:08:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Open Money Ought to Work 
No seller has to accept anything they don't want to accept except legal
The state issues its mandatory acceptance coupons (legal tender) so that
economic growth can occur.  That is their policy objective.
The systems I describe allow anyone who wants to issue coupons the capacity
to achieve policy objectives.  It just doesn't allow them to make the
coupons mandatory for acceptance.  Call non-mandatory coupons, or coupons
that are mandatory only if a membership contract is undertaken, alternative
currencies, open currencies, local exchange currencies, etc.
As with any P2P movement, the goal should be to allow free participation in
a transparent network (in this case, a currency membership).  Numerous
benefits can come from such participation:
1. I can gain assets (which are purchased with acquired alternative currency
at some price value)
2. I can pursue local policy objectives (e.g. to get a better environment,
help local businesses, local farmers, etc.
3. I can arbitrage the value of one coupon against the value of others to
change my policy objectives.
4. I can achieve fungibility and liquidity for my currency with relative
ease within 1 day by trading at the network administrator's office.
5. I can rapidly gain information (through the net) as to the values
realized for currency in issuance and in purchases.
This is a powerful supplement to any other currency, whether it is mandatory
or not.
What I describe is a range of systems that can be built in an integrative
open fashion to realize any number of instances of such currencies.  All of
them can be linked, and any of them can be separate...link of Ning Ring, a
Facebook group, etc.  It is the plumbing behind P2P associations that is
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-26 15:52:41
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Open Money Ought to Work 
All the benefits you point to do in fact go to a "member."
We might ask...Why would a person take an alternative arrangement instead of
legal tender?  Well, why would anyone every accept anything but the most
liquid form of legal tender available?  To an economist, they wouldn't.
That's the whole idea of trusted money.  But we know that people do in fact
barter, trade, etc. all the time.  Why do they do this?  In a word,
preferences.  In another couple of words, transaction costs.
Another factor that comes into play in alternative currencies is fungible.
Like a highly standardized commodity, a grain for instance, you like to use
instruments (coupons) that are substitutable for each other.  The thing that
makes green dollars so great is that you don't worry which green dollar you
have, as long as it has the requisite stuff on it, you accept it in exchange
for all sorts of stuff.
Membership expands the prospect of achieving fungibility of units AS WELL AS
liquidity of units.  Liquidity means you have options of use and trade with
an instrument (it's not just good for getting a discount on a burger...it
has transferable, tradeable value).  The system I suggest emphasizes
liquidity across alternative currencies and basic commodities/services.
The systems I describe also get past the challenge of currency creation
which is always a problem in scrip systems.  Who gets to create money and
If I lent you 1000 bay area bucks for a monthly payment of US$25 for 12
months, it would be fairly easy to establish a value of Bay Area Bucks in
terms of US dollars.  By making all such transactions transparent but
generally P2P, alternative currencies can be very trustworthy and easily
assessed as to their value in more general commodities or legal tender
currencies.  But it isn't a requirement.  Maybe I lent you 1000 BABs because
I want you to do OK and I want to help those businesses that benefit from
getting BABs on their terms.  In other terms, if I have a lot of tomatoes
from my garden, what do I care what a price per pound of tomatoes is
store?  I know I want this many Bay Area Bucks for one...and that scrip is
good to me because it advances Bay Area things--like the operations of a
community foundation, chamber of commerce, etc.  You could have scrip flea
markets, for example.
Local exchange trading systems exist the world over.  Canada and France are
probably the two leaders.  There's lots of information on them.  What does
not yet exist, and what a fellow named Guillaume Lebleu is talking about, is
a capacity to encourage their operation, linkage and advancement through a
form of P2P advocacy.  Some of that has gone on here with Michel's work and
interest.  There is an Open Money Ning that can be found easily and joined
for free.  All these are vehicles as well as the individual local currency
systems in place now.
In the localism movement that is an offshoot perhaps of the environmental
movement and P2P both, local exchange systems are a key component.  The way
to start is to start.  In my case, I am arranging health related providers
to consider how they can monetize their excess capacity in alterative
currency terms.  Certain sponsor organizations like a community foundation
or a chamber of commerce may sponsor this sort of thing as an advocacy
venture--social entrepreneurship.  You could do the same thing with people
who are out of work who trade services with other out of work people in some
standard scrip, or amongst those who need babysitting services, or who wish
to monetize excess garden produce or garage detritous, etc.  Anything can
work.  It's the dream that drives it.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-29 09:43:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Global Guerrillas: Is our current Economic Model 
It seems the great question for this century will be individualism versus
collective.  That was not the case in the socialism/communism of the 19th
century and 20th centuries where something more leader-focused took hold.
Equivalency of outcomes is not appealing to most.  Equivalency of
opportunity is appealing to large numbers, as is the implementation of
sustainable processes. The balance between opportunity and sustainability is
The renewal of hierarchy you speak of seems to come back to approaches that
remove unearned advantages...very difficult, biologically.  People want to
advantage their children.  The whole idea of property can be seen as a way
to advantage offspring.  So, I think if you want renewable hierarchies, a
place to start contemplating outcomes is equal access to elite learning
credentials...not information.  It is the credentials which advantage...not
the learning itself.
The key is to move education from credentialing for admissions to
credentialing for performance.  That is hard because the life blood of
institutions is the capacity to create elites who protect exclusivity to
increase the value of their own network associations.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-29 09:59:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Important P2P Meme Often Overlooked 
This is a crucial new theme for P2P which is going unwatched...healthcare
and test.
The new iPhone (3) is going to greatly facilitate device use of nets.  That
will revolutionize this area the way Kindle 2 is revolutionizing print. Yes,
there were forerunners and early innovators, but this is P2P maturity
wherein people will blast large datasets of their own health data to
discussions and analyses and where tests are created to run all sorts of P2P
outcomes with and without physician interactions.  Huge in the developing
world where cell phone nets are common but medicine is rare.
Smart money would bet on this as the vehicle for shattering impasses in
health care costs.  Whole industries now are dying...banking, publishing,
newsprint, etc. in direct P2P terms and almost no one is seeing the thread.
Futurists, where are you?
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-29 10:32:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Digital Book Publishing 
Lulu, Kindle 2 etc. covered by John Connell
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-29 11:01:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Important P2P Meme Often Overlooked 
Hi Michel:
Two things...I will work up a draft for you to consider on the Medical point
you mention below.  Also, you asked about forming some ideas on Open Money.
The term is more or less the domain of Guillaume Lebleu who I know you have
spoken to.  Guillaume and I hope to advance some ideas on that front.  No
doubt you will be first to hear as we do so. All others are invited as
processes evolve.  The aim, I suppose, is to facilitate easier application
of open money protocols by supporting technical, political and governance
angles on a broad and complex P2P topic.
For those interested, there is a mildly dormant Ning on Open Money where
links to Guillaume exist.  He is also active on Twitter where I am more
passive.  I know Guillaume has ambitions for more infrastructure.
I will lend my thoughts, but he is the organizational energy for now.
Lipton and many others are in that discussion.  I expect something to
precipitate from those interactions on that topic.  It is ripe.

@_date: 2009-03-29 16:11:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Global Guerrillas: Is our current Economic Model 
What I do advocate is more Open University type models where programs can be
constructed from a range of disparate sources.  Wales as a country is good
at this.  Other places less good.  Evaluation of effort and content should
matter more than top down coherency of program.  Take law school...what is
the point of going to any one institution?  Clearly the point is associative
In an energy economy (classic technocracy is an interest of mine) you'd
probably want to resolve by to Kcals or some other baseline.  Of course you
can add other dimensions, (economic, social, etc. in your note) at will, but
even report cards have multiple topics.  The aim of evaluation is...?
That's the question for any sparse resource allocation game.
Evaluation in individualistic societies tends toward money and/or anarchy.
Evaluation is collectives is support of the collective.  Performance is just
a place holder for saying that whatever evaluation scheme you choose, that's
what you will get (bye and large).  Train finance guys...you'll get a
culture of clinical financial metrics.  Train industrial engineers or
conservationists, you'll get limited Kcal's, etc.  In the end, you've got to
come up with governance mechanisms that are trusted for establishing social
design...or you can be an anarcho-capitalist. Democracy is a how...it isn't
a what.  What is the interesting question.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-29 17:55:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Global Guerrillas: Is our current Economic Model 
Aren't transitions important?  Even with the sort of collapse seen post WW2,
basic systems deployed along lines then existing.  Do you anticipate a sort
of collapse that requires a walk-off from existing frameworks?  I personally
doubt that will happen soon.  I have no moral disinclination to makeovers,
do overs, revolutions, etc., but I do have moral disinclination to
re-education programs that are coercive, restricting, top-down.  It seems to
me that Stalin-ism, Castro-ism, Leninism were/are even bigger failures that
Victorian capitalism or investment bank capitalism.  Post-modernism is an
intriguing term, but it must mean something concrete.
So, you either have to envision a collapse of end-times proportions, or you
have to look for niche ecological (evolution versus revolution) approaches.
The "what" for me...the performance games, are modes of offering certain
types of competitive advantages where like-minded policy groups (networks)
want to live, act, perform in a certain way...more sustainably, for
P2P seems an intermediate ground between individualism and coercive
collectivism.  It is structured individualism.  Regulatory capitalism (New
Deal Social Democracy) seems to me to be slightly coercive collectivism.
Maybe that's an inaccurate continuum, but it is how I have envisioned it.  I
see P2P as a framework of determining what by using technocracy to design
open, sustainable models that rely on little hierachy.  P2P reduces the
state, but keeps regulatory frameworks.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-29 19:03:02
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Jamais Cascio on the idea that the current economy 
I would argue that he is right.  One of the big issues is that sustainable
cash flows seem harder to realize.  The cost of innovation has fallen below
the cost of production. Regardless of my thoughts, excellent article...
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-03-30 09:29:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: latest vdo introducing peer production 
Latest Did You Know update...shocking numbers as usual.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham
2009/3/30 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-05-02 08:49:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 21st Century Socialism: Eleven Talking Points 
My worries about socialism:
1. It seems to have failed too many times.
2. It seems to often bring out authoritarianism -- and I cannot agree to any
version of that.  Cuba, North Korea, even China to me are social
abominations despite some successes and admirable traits.  It is vital to
state upfront what is and what isn't compulsory.
3. It is too often statist (see point 2).
4. It doesn't allocate goods efficiently.
5. It tends to rely too much on centralized planning and controls.
6. The word itself doesn't connote anything in particular any longer.  Who
is and who isn't socialist?  Is Sweden socialist?  Cuba?  Why or why not?
7. Who sets socialism's priorities?  How is socialism governed optimally?
Does it remove the local?
8. People seem to not be spontaneously socialist.  Earlier this year there
was a set of discussions on "cul-de-sac communes."  I didn't see a rush to
start them.  Why not?  Sure, I'd love to borrow some tools from my neighbor,
but what are the costs and commitments?  How do I dissolve my bonds if I
want to?
9. Can't we be as socialist as we want through civil society organizations
Ryan Lanham
On Sat, May 2, 2009 at 2:48 AM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2009-05-02 13:30:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
My own view of this is that ownership is moot in p2p.  The point is
governance.  Ownership pre-supposes a certain path of knowledge and
historicism that entails rights to control based on claims that are not
necessarily permanent, sustainable, or just.  This is another reason why I
doubt seriously the morality of socialism.  Socialism entrails state
control.  Mutualism does not.  P2P is much more inherently mutualist.  That
is why the ethos of trust and responsibility becomes central.  It is not a
carrot and stick society but a volunteer and contribute society.
I would further argue that the only reasonable modes of p2p governance
ultimately fall in the collaborative space.  Any project that becomes too
ego-centric, too controlled for particular interests (that are not
inherently outsider/disenfranchised interests) is not p2p.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-02 13:47:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What does non-commercial mean? Lawrence Lessig 
Larry posted the
following as a recent status update on Facebook...
Lawrence Lessig  "what
does non-commercial mean?" the CC question I get asked the most. Please take
a survey at 27 seconds ago?
Comment ? Like
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-02 17:12:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
I've been thinking about freecycling lately.  Some of the things you are
saying remind me of freecycling.
Changing property systems isn't going to resolve the tensions of waste or
excess; it is only going to alienate opposing power.  I feel that getting
others to transform an ethos is a slow, challenging and ultimately humbling
process that is necessary to remake societies.
One person at a time, we change by entering into dialogues about
possibilities and futures.  Sometimes it is frustrating.  Sometimes it is a
failure.  In the larger picture, I feel it is the only way.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-03 10:26:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
I'll break off a piece.
Big understudied and under-theorized areas:
1. Interaction of knowledge and p2p
2. Processes for learning in p2p environments
3. The relationship of the first 2 points with resilience.
In short, we don't understand how p2p systems govern themselves, how
collaboration interacts with learning, how informal processes become more
formal, etc.
With regard to MetaCurrency, I have more questions than answers and hope you
will inform us all.
We also, I would add, need more careful and factual coverage of p2p case
studies...what has worked and what has not.  We need to know what happens in
reality versus theory and why.  We need good text books and wikis that
compile information the way Michel has.  And we need openness to innovation
without collapsing into brand-push versus p2p pull systems.  P2P is
organic.  It isn't pushed (in my opinion).  It can be enabled.  So we need
to ask, what is the difference between enabling and pushing.  (Sounds like a
therapy session).
Ryan Lanham
On Sun, May 3, 2009 at 8:09 AM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2009-05-03 10:38:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
Sometime you should find a path to look up the story of black pearls.  They
were made stylish and held to effect to achieve very high values by
marketing them at the very wealthy, and then monopolizing supply.  They
aren't rare, and they were once spurned.
People make money off of scarcity.  That scarcity can be intrinsic or
manufactured.  Style, fashion, brand are mechanisms that drive scarcity.
The role of scarcity is a topic in marketing, but it isn't much looked at by
economists, surprisingly.
What is fascinating is that things once taken as not scarce, like clean air
and water, are becoming scarce in certain "markets."  This is leading to
calls that access to them exist as "rights."
Lessig talks about free as in free speech versus free free beer.  The
trouble with art is that its reproduction spans the concept of free speech
and free beer.  People have a "right" to earn income from their ideas (like
art designs).  But the P2P ethos suggests that a fair portion of production
should go into the creative commons so that it can be accessed by others. I
think artists can be urged to norms of have some of their works be scarce
while others are in the creative commons.  That way many have access and
some can enjoy the economics of scarcity.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-03 12:07:57
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Venture Communism or social capitalism 
Yes, I think we are talking about the same things.  However,
I am specifically interested in what ACTIVE but non-hierarchical actions
work to facilitate the spread of P2P systems with a strong normative
emphasis on sharing and trust.
This is not the same as a purely natural evolutionary system in that humans
have evolved leadership and social norms to a degree of sophistication that
might not be mirrored in the rest of the animal or plant kingdoms.  We plan,
we design, we target (and we do all these things with sophistication,
regularity, and with a high degree of capacity for change.)
I am also interested, but less so, in what PASSIVE but non-hierarchical
systems evolve spontaneously to achieve similar ends. Most natural
evolutionary processes I take to be PASSIVE.  It is a fine line.  Some say
that humans have merely accelerated evolution by active emphasis on
Thus, the words I emphasize for my primary interests is ACTIVE ENABLING.
What actively enables P2P?  And when one understands what, the question
becomes why?  Why do such efforts work?  Why do people try them?  Where is
the motivation?
To my mind these are questions of behavioral economics, sociology,
organizational theory and organizational behavior and also questions of
sociobiology, artificial intelligence, swarm biology, and similar topics.
Ryan Lanham
On Sun, May 3, 2009 at 11:08 AM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2009-05-04 09:44:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: trashing transhumanism 
I am deeply interested in the transhumanist dialogue for a number of
reasons.  I respect the criticism and acknowledge the tendency to hyperbole,
but I would also note it amongst all ideological groups.  Superlatives are a
rhetorical device.  Those taking difficult positions rely on them to create
heat.  Heat leads to debate, and debate moves us forward...inevitably.  (And
I do believe there is a forward.)  Without that moral underpinning, I would
probably be nihilist enough to be a Gaia theorist.
I spent a couple of years in an AI laboratory and remain deeply skeptical of
what can and cannot be done.  I remember many discussions I've had with the
now deeply controversial Jorn Barger on the topic in the late 1980s when we
worked in the same lab.
My own view is that people like Michael Anissimov are asking great
questions, and posing great and interesting answers--though admittedly
sometimes laced with superlatives.
I also read Dale Carrico, understand his arguments, and deeply disagree with
most of them and would offer Michel Anissimov as my proxy in the debate; I
rarely disagree with his writings.  Dale is a smart guy and he's worth
listening to.  Right now, I don't find his complaints compelling.
That said, I believe the world of P2P is giving rise to spontaneous pockets
of learning capacity that are not well understood, and that may have
significant implications.  I am a "geek."  I like futurism, and I think
planning is worth doing.  I do not believe planning is pre-ordaning a
I believe systems like Wolfram's Alpha (as much as I understand it) have the
capacity to greatly enhance human more action.  I also believe that the web
is already a deeply transhumanist tool...anyone who believes that they are
not transformed and extended by the use of Wiki's, search engines, etc. is
not very old.
Ray Kurzweil received 1500 applications to his Singularity University.
I wrote a recommendation for someone who applied.  The person I recommended
was formible, and he didn't even get to the second level.  That means a lot
of good minds are headed in that direction.  I also follow the world of
nutrition and supplementation closely.  I am diabetic.  Like Kurzweil, I
hope that technology can help my health, and I believe it has.  I see the
moral need to do more in developing worlds, etc., but I am selfish about my
hopes to live and see my children grow up.  Transhumanism to me represents a
far more exciting vision of prospects than anything I've ever heard from
physicians or medical professionals and ethicists in general.  Do I believe
it is true?  No.  But I do believe that futurism and visioning based on
scientific fact and prospect is essential.
If P2P were not deeply tied to technology I think it would be just another
pie-in-the-sky idealism with little hope of authentic transformation.  I'm
all for changing the world however we can.  But I'm mostly for clear
visions, experiments, trials and tough assessments.  I see little evidence
that such standards are not emerging.  And I do think de Grey is likeable
I left the study of Government because I heard the same ideological babbling
I could read in books 150 years old.  Perhaps my great moral failing is that
I believe in action and momentum.  I despise armchair theorizing that goes
nowhere almost as much as I despise hurting peoples lives in the name of
some theoretical right.  We are approaching times when technology can
transform and help transform us.  We ought to remain open to that...while
still being skeptical and critical.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-04 10:30:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 21st Century Socialism: Eleven Talking Points 
I must admit I was radically in favor of globalism and open trade earlier in
my life because I saw it as a means of raising all boats.  But I now see it
as an unsustainable program.
And while I am deeply skeptical, I too found the paper compelling and see
the ATTAC way of life as more and more relevant--though it scares me.  It is
a bold idea that merits a place at the table in my view.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-04 12:53:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] dialogue with parecon, response to Michael Albert 
Is anyone making a claim that P2P answers all questions?  I don't see it as
an exclusive or ideal worldview.  It is a normative set of values that is
highly tolerant of other systems.  I might even go so far as to say the P2P
needs competing markets, but that might not be right.
I see the counter arguments that Michael Albert puts forward as of two
veins: 1) It isn't anything new or unique, and 2) It doesn't solve all the
problems of life.  Neither of those is very troubling to me, though I do
disagree with many of his points which I think Michel rebutted well.
P2P is not an idealistic control-all solution--though it may be an economic
system--it isn't exclusive.  It is a normative package for approaching
certain social problems.
Whether it is new or not seems particularly uninteresting because the point
is not exclusionary innovation in a market (or political) sense; the point
is to find sustainable ways of living and allocating resources efficiently.
I would argue that trust and sharing are extremely efficient if the problem
of free-riders can be adequately policed.  P2P minimizes policing by
maximizing cultures of trust and sharing with some necessary infrastructure
to protect against rogue parties (e.g. a copyleft license).
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-04 15:11:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How David Beats Goliath 
Malcolm Gladwell is interesting.  Say what you will about Tipping Point and
Outliers, they give useable facts.
Here's another current New Yorker article that reminded me of P2P:
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-05 14:27:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Green Xchange 
Interesting corporate intellectual property sharing mechanism...
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-06 13:40:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: trashing transhumanism 
They always say the most bitter anti-communists were communists in their
youth.  Perhaps it is true of transhumanists.  As usual, your opinion is
measured and fair.
I will continue to read Dale Carrico's work, and I see he lists p2p
prominently in his blogrole.  He has a really sharp quill that is too funny
not to read.
I have gone round and round myself with the radical libertarians--it is an
argument I now loathe.  But again, NOT reading someone like a Will Wilkenson
is too hard.  Will is sharp and as worth reading as he is wrong (most of the
I'll confess to a perverse game where I will force myself to listen to my
rhetorical oponents with the continual internal query of "can I agree to
that?" That's pretty wierd.
My desires to be a troll in their comments are now long gone years ago.
Still, once a troll...
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-07 07:39:26
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] needed: definition of pervasive gaming 
I've helped with one or two of Jane McGonigal's games, too.  She is
affiliated somehow with Jamais Cascio.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-07 11:24:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Exciting new Open Platform 
Ushahidi is easy to apply to a range of possible applications where
crowdsourced data needs to be mapped and visualized.  It could be used quite
easily, for example, as a component of an open currency measurement system.
I could (as could anyone) come up with dozens of uses, but its intended use
for disasters and crises is vitally important and worthwhile in itself.
People living in developing nations or working with developing nations or
people living in disaster prone areas might urge public groups to look into

@_date: 2009-05-07 11:56:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How P2P / Open Source Ought to Work 
One of my favorite success stories is the Open Geo Suite:
TOPP is a New York-based firm focused on open ventures.  The Geo Suite was
funded to make open source open information tools available to map and
geographic data people.
Thus, private funds built a non-profit (501-C-3).  That non-profit builds
jobs and worthwhile products that are open and free.  Firms that use these
tools (e.g. Google or many governments) hire professionals from this firm
and others to morph, adapt, extend the open tools.
It isn't Camelot, but a lot of people make good livings off of completely
open freeware that anyone can access, use, etc.  It isn't pure P2P but it
can enable P2P applications.
Using local community foundations or chambers of commerce, etc., such
programs should be relatively easy to flesh out.  Not sure why we don't have
more of these Apache Software Foundation model corps.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-08 10:42:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Graphene and Trace Mineral Shortage Threats to Tech 
I've heard it argued all over...that graphene solves all or most of the
trace mineral threats.
Not my field, so I have no dog in the fight, but I have read it several
That link I got from Kurzweil.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-08 11:15:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Shrinkage of PhD numbers... 
Rick Reis via Scott Jaschik covers shrinking PhD pools at US institutions.
There are many implications of course...particularly if the trend continues
as it seems it must:
"Several colleges have recently announced that, regardless of application
quality, they plan to admit fewer Ph.D. students for this coming fall than
were admitted a year ago."

@_date: 2009-05-08 13:20:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Implications of Alpha 
I've been thinking about Wolfram's Alpha.  The question I'd like to ask him
is, what will it change.
I saw JOHO's (David Weinberger's) interview.  It was fascinating.
Here's my 2 cents:  The research paper and the informing blog post may be
dead.  Yes, stringing ideas together to make a point is still useful, but
now anyone can answer a question properly structured.  So, ideas may become
more changes of queries.
Another separate point, Michel recently sent around an academic Call for
Papers for a P2P conference.  Isn't that a bit odd, inherently?  A COP on
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-09 08:20:01
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Implications of Alpha 
My own view is that open is a good, but not necessary element of good.  I
use many closed systems that I love.  Do I wish they were open?  Yes.  Will
they be soon?  Not likely.  So, I can live in a world of only open and limit
my options, or I can advocate for open and try to use it where it makes
sense.  Bright line morality may feel good, but it isn't reality.  The world
is a messy place.  Dialogue and collaboration happen, and collaboration
entails give and take.
Maybe we can assume socialists are similar enough to P2P to merit
collaboration (as Herve does) or maybe we can assume that for profit is too
odious to work with as some no doubt do.  For me, I rule nothing out.
Michael Albert ruling out those who do not fight capitalism from his forum
is childish and counter-productive.  I understand trying to control
discourse, but without authentic dialogue and full menagerie of all types of
organizations, the best solutions will not be found.  Morality means
balancing competing interests in my view.
Mistakes are in not reasoning and in not pursuing dreams...not in failing to
follow a certain prescriptive worldview.  I support P2P and advocate for it
as a collaborative ideal--even as a market philosophy--I do not see it as
exclusive, optimal at all times nor do I want it to replace all other forms
of systems even in technology.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-09 08:27:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
My own view is that P2P has nothing to do with architectures.  Nothing.  P2P
could describe systems from 1370 or 400 BC.  It is a way of interacting that
may be ENABLED by technology, but is not technology.
I agree with Marc if Version 6 allows a greater facility (easiness) for
collaboration, non-hierachical interactions, etc.  I agree with Marco that
Version 4 may do all those things now with slight intermediation.  Is
ENABLING P2P without inter-mediation better?  Yes, if it is feasible and not
too costly.  Is inter-mediation inherently bad?  I'd argue no.
ENABLING/Coaching/Mentoring/supporting/opening/facilitating...these are all
worthy human ends in my view.  P2P idealizes a clear interaction, it doesn't
demand it. Many systems can be overwhelmingly peer-2-peer (as I'd argue my
gmail is today) with a gmail in the background.  Don't let the perfect be
the enemy of the good.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-09 08:35:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Implications of Alpha 
Economically, nothing is going to be closed going forward because it doesn't
make good business sense.  Facebook is moving rapidly to being a tool that
can be embedded, used for free inside other apps, etc.
This is why I stress P2P collaborative principles.  What is it that we want
to advocate?  There are always degrees to ideal.  What are the priorities?
I welcome Alpha, and I welcome Facebook.  Not using them because they are
not strictly commons-based frameworks that stamp CC on bottom of them would
be ridiculous.  That said, if someone built a creative commons FB that
worked and was well subscribed, I'd offer it my primary allegiance.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-09 08:43:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Implications of Alpha 
Imagine the following system:  I trust that if I ask a question with the
right structure, I will get the answer I wanted, if the question is one of
That is the ideal of Alpha.  I could see the ideal being reached...not in
2010, but soon...maybe in 10 years.
Now imagine that asking good questions is a knowledge-management ideal...I
can imagine computers sitting around while we sleep and eat cheese
formulating questions to themselves and ordering information in all sorts of
ways.  Could Alpha mean that in 10 years Wikipedia will be written by a
machine?  Why or why not?
The questions are wonderful as epistemology and also very transhumanist:
What is inherently human?  What is an argument?  What constitutes a fact?
Where are the transitions between argument and discourse?  Where are the
transitions between fact and position?  Alpha is starting to hint at real
need to debate these items the way Sharky and Wienberger, you, etc. have
made us think about flatness, leadership, order and identity.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-09 08:52:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Implications of Alpha 
By open you are insisting on open as an architecture and price model.
That's fine.  I don't so insist.  Open to me serves many possible outlets
and meanings.  Open to use by the world is the first open.  A restaurant is
open.  I can't go in and use it without certain expectations (namely that I
pay) but it is open.  A club is not. I may not use it.  Barriers to access
should be minimized, but relatively low barriers are nearly as good as
purely open and free.  Why would I expect that a restaurant would be free?
Why would I expect that they not post their recipes online?  Some do.  The
point is that usage will expand to fit the space, or other models can and
will replace it.
If that is capitalism, then, yep, I'm a capitalist.  To me it is a long way
from oligarchs wielding power to disrupt the rights and privileges of others
and disproportionately consuming limited resources.
By the way, I also believe in national borders--free movement yes--but
national borders.  Open is multi-faceted is my point...it isn't binary.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-09 09:21:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Email 
Yes, I agree with what you say.  I think Sharky's use of Coaseian economics
(theory of the firm) in Chapter 2 of Here Comes Everybody says it even
better but similar to yours.  Technology has lowered the costs of systems to
where management is extraneous.  No one could have expected that, and the
Internet has made it all feasible and regular.  You've noticed it and
written it, Sharky has, Weinberger has, Aiwha Ong has in citizenship
studies, etc.  We are all noticing that P2P has been enabled by extremely
low costs of organizing.
Look what Paul H. and Sam R. do now on a regular basis, or what Marc, Paola
and I started on Facebook...almost no cost...and almost instant
organization.  Crazy.  And these things have real influence.  The irony for
the academy is that they went in the other direction...almost inherently
wrong.  They became closed elites at the time the world was opening.  I
think they are in recovery mode now.
I may be naive, but while I totally agree with your points 1 & 2, my
justification for P2P is political economic.  I think it is efficient.  So I
don't worry so much about your item 3.  I do agree on all though.  Economic
systems rarely move backward outside of sheer political will--usually
The green and open manufacturing people are making fascinating arguments I
am stewing on.  I myself blogged for awhile on technocracy but found people
wanted me to say things I am not prepared to say...sort of like some of the
libertarian transhumanists I suppose.  I read this little HUMODS site
because it gives interesting tech news, but some of the stuff this
transhumanist guy writes strikes me as absurd if not downright insane.  That
said, I try to not love the model or the philosophy and I do try to love the
reasoning and the argument.  As such, if I had to label myself, I'd call
myself a P2P progressive with sympathies for market competition and
democratic collaboration.  Not sure what the columns are or the variables in
them, but it is becoming more complex.
Academics often talk about who they are in conversation with...that is
inherently closed.  I am in conversation with whomever will talk reasonably
and peaceably.  P2P is dissolving the elitism of discourse just as it is
dissolving elites in general.  But elites will not dissolve and ought not
to.  They ought to exist as the ecosystem balances when all those in the
ecosystem are given balanced voices.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-09 10:10:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Visualizing p2p architecture trends and players 
P2P exists architecturally, between sustainability, the commons,
collaborative democracy, learner-centered studies and open systems.
If it is most synonymous with any of these, it is the commons in that P2P
emphasizes sharing, trust and responsibility.  It differs from the commons
in that P2P is highly enabled by technology and does not necessarily imply a
social contract across all possible participants.
There are no P2P hierarchies except to enable further P2P advancement. It is
not, however, anarchic in that ordered collaboration is often esteemed and
It is perhaps closest to a ethos or a political economic framework.
However, it is not hegemonic, exclusive or self-assessing as a universal
...Not visual, but perhaps something helps...

@_date: 2009-05-09 11:57:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Many of us will not send mail to gmail.com" 
Gmail is a function rich, highly secure, free service (for seeing some
ads...which to my ways of thinking is a good deal if not pure free).  It
gives me huge amounts of free disk space, free file support etc.  Someone
may be paying, but it isn't me.  And I disagree with Marc that these
services are inherently expensive to society.  Corporations can be quite
efficient, and I believe Google is so, bye and large.
I've long ago given up on strong expectations of privacy.  What do I have to
hide that isn't inherently coded and defended by other service providers
(e.g. banks) anyway?
I love GMAIL and recommend it continually--over the years I've probably put
200 people on it.  I've used many a university system, and am forced to use
the hated MS Outlook at the office.  I can get my mail anywhere on the
planet, be relatively confident that it will be available, that people won't
miss spell my provider / host, etc. I might add that I am fiercely pro Open
Net, Open Architecture, etc.  That said, my house has Linux computers, a Mac
and even MS Windows XP.
In gmail I can also chat with many friends within it, link it to my
calendar, carry on video (when my Sony is willing) and find many of their
lab features such as embedded search, etc. extremely useful.
As I have said, I'm not a political zealot for P2P.  It isn't an
idealism--it is, to me, a ethos.  I recognize it as a valuable set of ideas
whose time has come.  If its time passes, I'll shed no tears and will be on
to the next most moral and productive ethos/approach/system/architecture.  I
do believe there are reasons to think P2P represents the most stable form of
social relationships given a certain level of technology infrastructure.  I
believe it is compatible with any range of political and economic systems
simultaneously to existing on its own--and P2P systems from China to Sri
Lanka to New York City prove that to me.
Give me a free/easy, stable, feature equal or similar facility on P2P and
I'll be there tomorrow (or even today).  I could probably solve the problem
for myself given enough time and effort, but my time is valuable to me to
use in other ways.  I'd gladly donate money to an Apache-like organization
to solve email through some other mechanism, but short of that, I don't have
any moral issues at all using Gmail or any Google product.  Google Maps is
superior in my view to competitors, so is their search.  I've shared many
documents with it, and I like their innovations.
Wordpress is far superior to Blogger.  When I blog, I use Wordpress, which
is more conventionally open/non-profit.  On the other hand, I personally
find Google to be more ethical in its governance, employee treatment, public
positions, etc. than most firms.  I really have no issues at all in
supporting/using them.  That said, when something better or freer matches
it, I'd be quick to switch.  If P2P adapts a radical anti-market posture, it
will fail.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com

@_date: 2009-05-10 08:23:01
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Money Ning 
This is on the Open Money Ning
onewhouse has sent you a message on openmoney
Hi Everyone,
So excited, here is why! Launched CarbonTwollar Experiment to Twitter. Was
hoping for a future "Give CarbonTwollar" for  for simple and genuine grassroots act] in  and/or
 syntax to take root. Twitter founder Eiso Kant connected
back, loves the idea and very encouraging. So watch the space or the idea to
grow and hopefully gather some momentum...
Here the Tweet nest:
More on the 4-step experiment at Placemark:
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-10 16:45:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Laconica: Open Source Twitter Replacement 
- Laconica    "Laconica (pronounced "luh-KAWN-ih-kuh") is a Free and Open Source
   microblogging platform. It helps people in a community, company or group to
   exchange short (140 character) messages over the Web. Users can choose which
   people to "follow" and receive only their friends' or colleagues' status
   messages. It provides a similar service to sites like Twitter, Jaiku, and
   Plurk."
Got a bit messy on a Windows Vista system, but here it is for those who hate
"the man."
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-10 17:47:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Laconica: Open Source Twitter Replacement 
Going back to my "techy" roots.  Installed Apache, MySQL and XAMPP console,
etc. to play with Laconica  Thinking about how I can live up to Marco's
expectations.  I've always felt the future belongs to the tinkerers.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-11 09:44:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
Michel, in order to address your concern: I added Item H below.  See if that
affirmation of moral action makes you more comfortable with Section 1.
Also, for those new to the discussion, we are collaborating on
 specifically
Article 1 and subsequent.  Any and all comments, changes, criticisms, etc.
are welcome.
 [edit
] Article 1. P2P Interactions
A. High quality P2P  interactions exist
between peers. Peers typically recognize and interact with each other
without reference to rank or
B. Peers' willingness to interact is not primarily linked to external
drivers. External drivers might include, for example, prestige in
undertaking an interaction, financial gain, or duty.
C. P2P interactions are not amoral or value neutral. A p2p ethos embodies
trying to act with goodness and
well as with practical skills and wisdom.
D. Peer interactions are judged (by others who aspire to a p2p ethos) as
qualitatively superior if linked to contributing to a
E. Another measure of quality is the contribution to mission critical
functionality . For
example, this might involve efforts that save lives, advance learning and
understanding, enable sustainable economic processes or otherwise support or
enable key components of the public good as openly understood in free,
deliberative and collaborative societies.
F. P2P interactions attempt to minimize mediating forces or organizations.
Hierachies that impose governance on p2p interactions that are otherwise
consistent with social standards and laws are not appropriate to the ethos.
This is particularly true if the party imposing governance is acting with
some interest other than enabling smooth, stable and harmless p2p
G. A p2p ethos is inconsistent with the purposeful extraction of value from
interactions when no such value is contributed directly to a given
interaction. Simply enabling future actions is not a creation of p2p value
worthy of repeated compensation. That is, royalties or licensing fees are
not consistent with a p2p ethos.
H. A P2P ethos is consistent with advancing the interests of the
underprivileged, the weak, those on the bottom of the digital divide, or any
who have need of a more sustaining commons provided through fair and honest
I. Unless dire political consequences are involved, peers should not be
J. What to avoid: P2P specifically does not aim to circumvent human rights,
democratically enacted laws, rightfully established organizational controls,
or legitimate claims of property in force. Rather, p2p seeks to build and
expand common resources that are expressly free, open, collaborative and
mutually beneficial.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-11 10:02:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peel Principles of Learning and Teaching 
What follows is from the Project for Enhancing Effective Learning...I find
them useful guides...    Peel Project Principles of
Teaching for Quality Learning
* *
*1. Share intellectual control with students.*
Building a sense of shared ownership is an effective way of achieving high
levels of student interest and engagement. It can be achieved in many ways;
many of these involve some form of formal or informal negotiation about
parts or all of the content, tasks or assessment. Another complementary
approach is to ensure that students' questions, comments and suggestions
regularly influence, initiate (or terminate) what is done.
* *
*2. Look for occasions when students can work out part (or all) of the
content or instructions.*
Learning is almost always better if students work something out for
themselves, rather than reading it or hearing it. This is not always
feasible of course, but often it is. It can involve short, closed tasks:
e.g. 'if the units of density are gcm-3 work out the formula by which we
calculate the density of a substance from the volume and mass of an object
made of that substance'. It can also involve much longer open-ended tasks:
e.g. 'Here is a photo of the ruins of Machu Pichu, work out as much as you
can, from this photo, about the Incas and their fate'.
* *
*3. Provide opportunities for choice and independent decision-making.*
Students respond very positively to the freedom to make some decisions about
what or how they will work. To be effective, the choices need to be genuine
?not situations where there is really only one possibility. These may
include choices about which area of content to explore, the level of demand
(do more routine tasks or fewer more demanding ones), the form of
presentation (poster, powerpoint presentation, role play, model etc.), and
how to manage their time during a day or lesson.
* *
*4. Provide diverse range of ways of experiencing success.*
Raising intellectual self-esteem is perhaps the most important aspect of
working with low and moderately achieving students. Success via interactive
discussion, question-asking, role-plays and tasks allowing high levels of
creativity often results in greater confidence and hence persistence in
tackling other written tasks. Publicly recognising and praising good
learning behaviours is useful here.
* *
*5. Promote talk which is exploratory, tentative and hypothetical.*
This sort of talk fosters link-making and, as our research shows, commonly
reflects high levels of intellectual engagement. Teaching approaches such as
delayed judgement, increased wait-time, promotion of 'What If' questions use
are all helpful. The classroom becomes more fluid and interactive.
* *
*6. Encourage students to learn from other students' questions and comments.
The (student) conception that they can learn from other students ideas,
comments and questions develops more slowly than the conception that
discussion is real and useful work. The classroom dynamics can reach new,
very high levels when ideas and debate bounce around from student to
student, rather than student to teacher.
* *
*7. Build a classroom environment that supports risk-taking.*
We underestimated the very high levels of perceived risk that accompanies
many aspects of quality learning for most students, even in classes where
such learning is widespread. It is much safer, for example, to wait for the
teacher's answer to appear than to suggest one yourself. Building trusts in
the teacher and other students and training students to disagree without
personal put-downs are essential to widespread display of good learning
* *
*8. Use a wide variety of intellectually challenging teaching procedures.*
There are at least two reasons for this, one is that teaching procedures
that counter passive learning and promote quality learning require student
energy and effort - hence they need to be varied frequently to retain their
freshness. The other is that variety is another source of student interest.
*9. Use teaching procedures that are designed to promote specific aspects of
quality learning.*
One of the origins of PEEL was the belief that students could be taught how
to learn, in part by devising a range of teaching procedures to variously
tackle each of a list of poor learning tendencies, for example failing to
link school work to relevant out-of-school experiences. The variety in (8)
is not random and one basis for selecting a particular teaching procedure is
to promote a particular aspect of quality learning.
* *
*10. Develop students' awareness of the big picture: how the various
activities fit together and link to the big ideas.*
Many, if not most students, do not perceive schooling to be related to
learning key ideas and skills. Rather, they see their role as completing
tasks and so they focus on what to do not why they are doing it. Much
teacher talk, particularly in skills based areas such as Mathematics,
Grammar and Technology reinforces this perception. For these reasons,
students (including primary students) commonly do not link activities and do
not make links to unifying, 'big ideas'.
* *
*11. Regularly raise students' awareness of the nature of different aspects
of quality learning.*
This is a key aspect of learning how to learn. Students typically have no
vocabulary to discuss learning. it is very helpful to build a shared
vocabulary and shared understandings by regular, short debriefing about some
aspect of the learning that has just occurred. Having a rotating student
monitor of a short list of good learning behaviours can be very helpful.
* *
*12. Promote assessment as part of the learning process.*
Students (and sometimes teachers) typically see assessments as purely
summative: something that teachers do to students at the end of a topic.
Building the perception that (most) assessment tasks are part of the
learning process includes encouraging students learning from what they did
and did not do well as well as having students taking some ownership of and
responsibility for aspects of assessment. It also includes teachers ensuring
that they are assessing for a range of aspects of quality learning (eg if
you want students linking different lessons then reward that in your
assessment) and for a wider range of skills than is often the case.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-12 10:17:41
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
Interesting Michel.  I suppose it is inevitable that someone must be called
retro by being postmodern, and I am it, it seems.
Seriously, I understand what you are saying and I agree.  Your view is that
the commons is a source of social linkage and therefore identity.  But one
would also like to avoid compulsory Nehru suits or Mao caps at the same
time.  We want an artistic freedom to express along with a willingness to
share...not an obligatory commitment to join the Borg (since Star Trek seems
vogue now.)
One area where I think P2P is sharply in contrast with socialism is in the
fact that P2P seems to eschew any notion of obligatory participation.
Perhaps we might say something like the following:
P2P is not a framework for institutionalizing worldviews or standardizing
political wills.  It is not ideological in any strong sense.  Rather, it is
a voluntary model where, even when commitment is quite high and very deeply
felt, it is inappropriate for a participant to feel bound to a specific way
of being, appearing, acting or judging in order to share in a P2P ethos.  At
the same time, destructive anti-commons actions, or highly heterodox
expressions to the point of being highly distracting and disruptive for most
participants in a sharing and trust model is counter-productive and
appropriately sanctioned by those charged to protect a group,
That seems overwrought and repetitive with some other sections, but I throw
it out for consideration..
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-12 17:19:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
Stefan and Michel:
These are excellent, real and painful reasons why I am trying to complete a
set of collaborative principles for P2P.  This was not done simply to use up
my spare time.  I urge a practical exercise here, based on this all to human
and festering set of interactions.
I think the point of the Collaborative Principles is to find a foundation
whereby people can agree to collaborate together under a given set of
expectations without fear that something cannot be judged reasonably as out
of bounds.  When they cannot agree to those relations, they ought to be able
to say, for the following reasons, this is outside a P2P based
Courteous and respectful relations, it strikes me, ought to be fundamental
to P2P interactions.
Peer to peer issues ought to be handled, peer-to-peer. But collaborations
and large scale interactions of networks call for integral leadership of P2P
entities--the case here.
A great challenge of integral leadership is not egoizing the interaction.
That calls for talents beyond my own, but it is a goal or ought to be one.
In this case, the large scale dialogue of two important groups is threatened
by egos--we all have an ego and I mean no implied criticism of anyone.  Yet
ego is not a P2P ideal.
Hard as it may be at this juncture, the spirit moving forward ought to be to
error on the side of collaboration, stop the finger wagging (which seemed to
start this) and to work together to build something bigger and stronger than
the ideas of either set of persons at the core.
I am no monk and I make a poor peacemaker, but I recommend quiet divorce or
troubled but valuable interaction founded on some set of collaborative
principles where reasonable people who many value can live on with peace of
mind and respect for their reflective, principled lives, even if they might
be imperfect.
All the usual comments and attributions (one thinks of the comment that is
attributed here and there that the arguments in academia are so fierce
because the stakes are so low...) apply here.
Michel, as a friend, I recommend rebuilding even when the abrasion stings.
And I urge you to counsel me to the same at the appropriate future time.
Stefan, I'm deeply interested in what you have to say, but I hope in future
it can be said with minimal implications as if you have found a higher moral
status and look down on anyone else with summary judgment.  That surely
isn't P2P.
I am selfishly interested in hearing what the Left in Germany and beyond has
to say.  But I do not implicitly agree with them and fully reserve the right
to disagree with ideas whenever and wherever I want.
If I am out of bounds with any of my comments, I apologize to any and all
offended and ask for the most sympathetic possible reading of this note.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-13 11:15:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
Per your suggestions below, here is a revised Section 2:
 [edit
] Article 2. Recognition of the Commons
A. Concepts such as Open Access , Open
Source , Open
Creative Commons , Science
Commons  and their supporting
frameworks are consistent with the core principles of p2p.
B. While not specifically non-commercial, p2p interactions recognize the
value and ideal of expanding shared and freely available resources
particularly related to knowledge and information but also to design, art,
architecture and other conceptual goods that can be framed as intellectual
C. Commercial gains are more consistent with p2p when they benefit entities
that are themselves inclined to participate in more frequent p2p
interactions. That is, a firm that contributes to the commons is more
consistent with p2p than one that extracts content from the commons, alters
it for profit, and then sells a quasi-p2p system.
D. Attribution and acknowledgment of contributions are consistent with p2p,
and the development of peer-reviewed
ratings can be consistent with a p2p ethos so long as they reflect
contributions to p2p or the commons rather than extrinsic or non-p2p
E. Missuse, overuse, abuse or sabotage of commons can in no way be
consistent with a valid p2p ethos. Mutual trust is a necessary and valued
component of p2p participation. A strong P2P ethos would sympathize with
ideas that the tragedy of the commons is neither inevitable or natural to
F. Participation in a commons, from a p2p perspective, is less about
membership than it is about rights and responsibilities. Participation does
not lead to an exclusionary perspective. A peer project only judges persons
on their voluntary participation to the common object, without requiring
involuntary changes in identity concerning matters unconnected to the
G. What to avoid: P2P interactions should avoid a permission
That is, private
trade secrets,
intellectual propertyboundaries
or other boundaries between attributed contributions are actively
discouraged. Overall, rigid boundary systems of property are inconsistent
with a p2p ethos.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-13 11:22:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
I further changed Article 1 to reflect recent discussions:
Item J is new, and the latter part of the item A is new.  No other changes.
Article 1. P2P Interactions
A. High quality P2P  interactions exist
between peers. Peers typically recognize and interact with each other
without reference to rank or
Interactions are best when cordial, tolerant, respectful and made, where
possible, without judgments especially regarding aspects not directly
relevant to the P2P domain.
B. Peers' willingness to interact is not primarily linked to external
drivers. External drivers might include, for example, prestige in
undertaking an interaction, financial gain, or duty.
C. P2P interactions are not amoral or value neutral. A p2p ethos embodies
trying to act with goodness and
well as with practical skills and wisdom.
D. Peer interactions are judged (by others who aspire to a p2p ethos) as
qualitatively superior if linked to contributing to a
E. Another measure of quality is the contribution to mission critical
functionality . For
example, this might involve efforts that save lives, advance learning and
understanding, enable sustainable economic processes or otherwise support or
enable key components of the public good as openly understood in free,
deliberative and collaborative societies.
F. P2P interactions attempt to minimize mediating forces or organizations.
Hierachies that impose governance on p2p interactions that are otherwise
consistent with social standards and laws are not appropriate to the ethos.
This is particularly true if the party imposing governance is acting with
some interest other than enabling smooth, stable and harmless p2p
G. A p2p ethos is inconsistent with the purposeful extraction of value from
interactions when no such value is contributed directly to a given
interaction. Simply enabling future actions is not a creation of p2p value
worthy of repeated compensation. That is, royalties or licensing fees are
not consistent with a p2p ethos.
H. A P2P ethos is consistent with advancing the interests of the
underprivileged, the weak, those on the bottom of the digital divide, or any
who have need of a more sustaining commons provided through fair and honest
I. Unless dire political consequences are involved, peers should not be
J. P2P interactions ought not to be used as a opening to proselytize, sell,
advance unrelated political, social or moral positions except when such
discussions are expected, invited and made welcome by other peers.
K. What to avoid: P2P specifically does not aim to circumvent human rights,
democratically enacted laws, rightfully established organizational controls,
or legitimate claims of property in force. Rather, p2p seeks to build and
expand common resources that are expressly free, open, collaborative and
mutually beneficial.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-14 10:03:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
Article 3 re-edited...
] Article 3: Economic and Political Theories
A. P2P is not associated or disassociated with any particular economic
theory such as capitalismor
B. P2P relations, in their strongest form, are specific type of
non-reciprocal exchange characterized by voluntary contribution to a pool
shared by all. P2P is arguably its own economic theory but it is not
exclusive of other economic approaches. A person picking up a piece of
litter in a park is making a non-reciprocal contribution to a commons...the
park. From a P2P ethos perspective, this is done out of advancement of a
shared resource. It is not a duty, but a practical way to live. The
expectation is that, in concert with others committed to sharing and
advancement of commons, a responsible network of mutual benefit and shared
purpose is feasible. Further, the conflicts associated with sharing can be
minimized through reasonable agreements and norms. Avoiding free riders and
selfish uses is perhaps easiest in the context of non-rival goods--goods
where nothing is lost through sharing. Thus one finds P2P systems often
associated with software--a classic non-rival good. But it is in the area of
exclusivity where P2P takes on its primary political traits. P2P respects
rights to exclusivity, but normatively attempts to advance willing
participation in systems where exclusivity is minimized or abandoned in the
interests of a shared advancement. Some systems such as publishing
scientific research are partially exclusive or non-exclusive with
attribution, etc. P2P advocates typically advance the weakest reasonable
exclusivity arrangements. Such views often lead to P2P being likened to a
utopian communist system or a mutualist/anarchist system. These are not
unreasonable comparisons. However, P2P itself is not an exclusive economic
C. There is much interest in the ways P2P systems influence and work in
association with other economic systems. For example, how does a free
software framework influence or change software markets or consumer actions?
D. Strong advocates of a P2P ethos search for means by which a culture of
sharing and trust could largely reduce or replace the need for many market
or governmental systems.
E. P2P is most consistent with democratic systems where free expression and
other human rights are respected and protected; however, no political model
other than one that abolishes the concept of a commons is antithetical to a
p2p ethos. It is implausible that a political system with strong
restrictions on freedom of
be consistent with a p2p ethos. P2P is often associated with
Economics . It might also
be situated with certain branches of Communitarianism.
F. Implementations of Alternative
Open Money  and modes of exchange that
do not necessitate governments, central banks or state-based regulatory
authorities are linked elements of a p2p ethos.
G. P2P is not typically a national system. P2P entities are perhaps most
appropriately situated with or compared to transnational civil society
H. What to avoid: P2P is not a transaction-based mode of exchange where
compensation is explicitly expected. Optimization of trades and exchanges
exclusively for personal gain is not consistent with a p2p ethos.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-14 11:33:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
My own view is that more description is useful even if problematic at
times.  But descriptions ought not to be laws.  This work is meant to be
normative... Norms are guidelines not rules or laws.  If that point isn't
made explicitly enough, it should be.
Stating that P2P can evolve is good.  But what can't it evolve to?  Can it
become commercial?  The history of public corporations evolved around the
idea of granting a license to firms to act in the public interest in the use
of certain assets to make a profit.  Admittedly, that ethos is long gone,
but what can't become P2P, and what can't P2P become?
What isn't a commons?  To me, if something has relatively strong
exclusivity, it isn't a commons or P2P.
Strong exploratory assertions of what isn't and what is P2P could lead to
disagreement, but the document isn't a definition.  It is a description of
collaborative principles.  Still, people can and should disagree.  Apply it
or not.  The point is to have a locus of departure when talking about P2P.
It seems to me that P2P is a mode of interacting with a commons or groups of
commons with minimal bureaucratic overhead and low transaction costs.  That
mode arises based on an ethical commitment to responsible sharing goods and
furthering shared goods.  It arises most frequently in association non-rival
goods because those are least prone to perceived selfish value in
But to say all those things introduces ethics, economics, modes of
management, organization, etc.  Without some expansion, it is hard to
understand what one is even talking about.
I agree the P2P Foundation is not a rulemaker for P2P, but as an advocate,
as a research body, doesn't it have responsibilities to expand the ideas of
the shared framework?  That is, isn't the knowledge of P2P and the current
ideas about it also a commons?  If one can reject the parts and use the
substance, it is like using free lines of code without using the whole
object or program.  I certainly don't propose to legislate for anyone in a
strong sense what is or isn't P2P.  But to discuss and outline theories of
it seems responsible and reasonable, just like it is responsible and
reasonable for the Creative Commons to do fundraising, to hire lawyers and
to draft intellectual property licenses that fit various national
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-14 12:09:41
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p-like law making: Italian law proposal for 
While not exactly the same, this McKinsey and Co. note is popping up around
the blogosphere in a few places on Participatory Technocracy:
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-14 14:25:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
I have no problem with ideology.
But I take your point that this is not principles as in legislative or moral
law principles.  It is principles (or ideals) of current broad consensus.  I
suspect you feel affinities toward ideals of mutualism and anarchism such as
those Kevin espouses or that might find under Proudhon here:
I also share some sympathies with those views.
What I think is going unstated is the OBLIGATIONS of individuals and
collectives.  You are so antithetical to obligations to the state (meaning
compulsory or OBLIGATORY governance) you wish to leave any comment on
governance unsaid.
This opens lots of cans of worms.  What do organizations do when they wish
to interact?  Must they assume that only anarchical governance is feasible
if they wish to be "P2P"?  If one takes that to be an extreme, what then is
allowed?  Where can we go?
To address your concerns, I propose a "preamble" to the whole of the
document like the following:
 P2P should evolve to meet whatever needs peers have in building a commons
or similar works.  Perhaps the term or whole concept of P2P will be subsumed
by other ideas or become irrelevant for one reason or another over time.
For now, P2P implies some conceptual elements to many who work to advance
its ideals and to research its elements, and there is value in setting
down such details even if they often do not apply to a number of particular
Note that these Collaborative Principles are not intended as legal
structures, definitions, or definitive assertions about the nature or future
of P2P relationships.  They are set down as a working, living, tentative set
of ideas for discussion and as a normative guide for those who wish to
advance their own understanding of P2P as others see it who have tried to
travel the road either through application, research or both.  They are not
intended to be trivially ignored just as they should not be blindly
subscribed.  They are norms to be considered, agreed, or rejected for cause
when a group approaches a P2P partnership, project or framework.  As any
living document, it should change, evolve and reflect the ideas of those
working with P2P, researching it, or implementing successor ideas.
  Ryan

@_date: 2009-05-15 07:34:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
Good words.  I will include them in the preamble.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-16 09:06:35
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
I believe the seemingly absurd idealism of the European left is useful to
the world.  Whether it leads anywhere or just gives fodder to the right that
the left is silly remains to be seen in the voting booths. But my own
interpretation is that it is useful for pushing collaborative, open inquiry
types (I hope like myself) to further question and reflect on their own
Most of the discussions seem better set in 1880 than 2009.  Terms like
"capital" "labor" "management" seem to me to belong with terms like "steam
engine" "railroad" and "factory."  They aren't even seriously part of most
people's worlds.
The battlefield today is the mind.  Can its produce be free?  Can there be
justice in allocating knowledge and the expansion of knowledge?  Who wins
when knowledge is expanded?  Knowledge isn't a conventional capital like a
gear or machine tool.  It is very different.  The left seems unaware of
that.  Is there a left that open to post-capital social arrangements?  Or
maybe I'm it.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-16 09:15:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
Left and right now, there is a strange anti-organizational power emerging
that can only remind one of Proudhon, Spooner and other
I'm inclined to think that Kevin may be on to something.  It is a social
order (or lack thereof) I cannot easily comprehend.
If someone can give me a link to a futuristic portrait of how such a society
might work in the large...a real picture of it--I'd be very grateful.  I'm
trying to imagine 9 billion people living in anarcho-utopian socialism and
things working out OK.  Or is this just academic?
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-16 19:23:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
As I understand it, capitalism is the accumulation of capital to control
means of production.  Who or what does that now?  Name five "capitalists"
who matter.  Most either parlayed intellectual property rights into
fortunes, or they invested in large financial engineering schemes where debt
was the leverage to create huge cash flows.
Very few successful firms actually produce things with capital--that is all
in China and Eastern Europe and such places.  Like I said, it is like
discussing the 19th century.  Not sure what world this is that people are
discussing, but it isn't the one I live or work in.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham
On Sat, May 16, 2009 at 7:11 PM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-05-17 09:40:28
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
So the argument goes that technology caused inequality?
How about the rise of graduate management education?  Or the rise of
statistics tracked by compensation consulting firms?
My own view is that the real reason that income inequality has increased is
that the "understanding" of value in processes changed.  We have lawyers,
accountants and management professionals pointing out value contribution and
negotiating who is actually contributing value in processes--and it
generally isn't the exploited worker who is easily replaced by someone in a
poorer country.  That wasn't capitalism...it was professionalism in
management, marketing, law and accounting.
Social norms against high pay for managers fell for numerous complex
reasons--mostly based on new management value theories.  And there was an
argument that capitalists ought NOT to be the winners--shareholders who paid
for their shares didn't do that great compared to managers who made options
to purchase cheap stock and took away big salaries.  Take professional
sports where in the 1950s players barely made a living.  Now they are
lavished in tens of millions of dollars...at the behest of their own
collective bargaining actions.  Owners lose money and own teams for prestige
and fun.  Where is the capitalism there?
The story is complex and to frame it is rather simplistic Marxian terms
isn't helpful in my view; it is just absurd and loses credibility amongst
anyone who actually deals with global business and production systems.
Marx was incredibly wrong.  His ideas have been a source for endless
misery.  Invoking him is a source of lost credibility for the left that
wants some vague utopian state that neither makes any sense nor is it even
remotely feasible.
The discussion here is about voluntary participation in lives of
contribution, service, balance and tension--not some utopian rubbish that
has been tried, failed, rejected and justifiably now ignored by the masses.
If you hate inequality, spread education, advance normative values of
sharing, responsibility and trust.  Work for microcredit systems (which
charge interest) and which work incredibly well.  To say otherwise is sheer
ignorance--like arguing with people who think God is touching their daily
lives--there really isn't anything to say to that level of nihilism and
If you want to understand development economics, read Bill Easterly and
others who know that you can't do big things through big governments or big
NGOs which will go corrupt and that development works when people are free,
empowered, taught to build their own systems and to not rely on help from
above.  The answers come from the grass roots--not in organizing vast labor
or governmental systems that go corrupt, but in their organizing themselves
into small sustainable processes and systems that advance P2P
opportunities.  That's what P2P is about.  It isn't anti-capitalist.  It
isn't pro-socialist. It is pro living sensibly.  That doesn't have any
systematic economic philosophy.   It is inherently anti-system...anti
hierarchy.  That's why we keep coming back to anarchist mutualist
histories--like Proudhon, like Streeter, like the LETSI people in a much
more modern and viable sense than Proudhon ever was.  With technology, those
systems can lead to happy, reasonably fair and reasonably sustainable
lives--and should.
If you want a mantra to align your life to, then I propose that we don't
organize hierarchies, we should rather organize modes of sharing...P2P.
And, to my mind, spare us the silly Marxian critiques (interest is
inherently evil?--just absurd) which are unworthy of further discussion
because they will never happen and shouldn't happen.
Ryan Lanham
On Sun, May 17, 2009 at 9:04 AM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-05-17 09:57:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: About Your Post: There is such a thing as 
I think this ideologi site is very cool and exciting.  I'm a new fan.  I
look forward to seeing it fleshed out. I hope it is open source.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-17 11:15:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
I understand the issues of riba in Islam and the many ways it is
circumvented.  Here is Muhommed Yunus (banker to the poor and Muslim) on the
topic: I think what Lietaer is against, as I understand him with my limited French,
is a state-debt based currency...not against interest in general.   But I
will defer to you on that.  If he is against interest conceptually, I cannot
but disagree with him outright and fundamentally.  It is a topic I spent
years and years of study on, and to my mind, there is no discussion for me
that interest, as a concept, is either immoral or unworkable.  Indeed, it is
a profound innovation and a great tool of society.  It need not apply to the
creation of money, and it need not be used in micro-currency systems.  It is
impossible to run a contemporary society without it.  I personally don't
relish a pre-modern existence whether "spiritual" people do or not.
The complete failure of systems to function without interest-based banking
led to the Jewish crisis in Europe and, eventually, the Holocaust, where
systematic association of one people with money lending led directly to
particularly frustrations and loathing as portrayed from Shakespeare to
French writers of the 19th century.
There are many venues from family to community foundations to benevolent
societies where money is lent interest free--or even with negative
interest.  To make that systematic is a recipe for poverty, not the end of
To equate Marx with the New Deal is a trope of the right wing.  There were
many mutual and social security schemes long before Marx and I seriously
doubt his influence in much of FDR's cabinet even though Marxists were there
to be sure.  Whatever the case, I see little or no positive benefit from
Marx's life or writings and incalculable wrongs and evils.  If there is
anything there to rehabilitate, I will leave it to others.  For me, it was
bad history and worse economics that led to millions of deaths and grave
unhappiness and despair that impacts members of my family to this day.
Show me a happy functioning and vital Marxist system, and I will think
otherwise.  It has been often tried and never succeeded or even been welcome
by a majority.   My first rule of any system is that it must be chosen by
free and open majorities with open choices and open access to
information--once and continually--not imposed.
As to monetarists like Milton Friedman, they were wrong but, to my mind,
less systematically and morally than Marx.  Their system was designed for
liberty and human dignity and ran afoul of externalities--deeply flawed yes,
but not systematically so.  Friedman believed too much in markets.  I
disagree with him and always have on a number of levels.  I agree that a
good deal of evil has been done in the name of the monetarists.
But this is where discussions with Marxists always go...to philosophy...not
to action and problem solving.  I am personally only interested in the
resolution of real problems facing large numbers of people.  Whether the
pointless theory comes from this political group or that academic one is of
little interest to me.  The burden on radical ideas is that they show where
and how they can contribute.  P2P has done that superbly in my view.  No
everything is P2P nor should it be.  What appeals to me most about it is
that it is not socialism or capitalism.  That's a pure good to me.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-17 11:55:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
I recommend not destroying things others value just so as to have
opportunity to "fix" them.  Poor history of that.
Social systems crafting is profoundly difficult stuff.  Just ask those who
attempt to write constitutions, design economies, build civil society
organizations, etc. on a day to day basis.  Those who theorize such things
always find a neater world than the very messy one that actually exists.
For better or worse, there is an existing world out there.  We cannot ignore
it or destroy it.
What personally excites me about P2P is its capacity to retrofit sharing and
responsible approaches freely chosen regardless of the underlying politics
or economic models.  People give their time, energy and hope so that others
can move forward.  Sure, there is some Schadenfreude at seeing bad systems
hurt by good P2P systems, but that is a war that cannot, in my opinion, be
one.  If it becomes we/they, they always win.
Creative destruction is Schumpeter's awesome description of markets in
action.  He was right at a number of levels.  I disagree with his conclusion
that some form of socialism replaces all forms of capitalism, but that
remains to be seen.  It would be fine with me so long as it is reasonably
and freely chosen and continually and freely reaffirmed.
I also believe in path dependence.  Once headed in one direction, radical
shifts are both expensive and typically painful.
If I personally had to engage with any grand theory of the world economy,
I'd lean toward Karl Polanyi's Great Transformation though its conclusions
are a bit too socialist for me.
I personally think Kevin's thread toward a mutualist libertarianism is an
ideal portrait of P2P politics.  I've struggled to strike down libertarian
views my whole adult life...because I saw them as morally untenable.  The
more I work for government, the more libertarian I become.  What I am
certain of is that balance is necessary and difficult.  It requires
collaborative tools and agile leaders...much more common in civil society
than in governments.  So a mutualist, libertarian framework with free choice
and high moral normative values of trust and responsibility could work.
Getting there?  I'll leave that to the theorists.  We futurists deal with
what is going to happen, not what should happen.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-17 11:58:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] engaging with the core principles 
Haven't heard of bolo bolo Michel.  I'll look it up.  Love cult classics.
It goes without saying...by the bye, that none of my comments are meant
personally or taken as such.  I care about these things, but I am too
ignorant and humbled by stupendous past mistakes to ever have much
confidence I really know what the right approaches are.  Like a bad golfer,
something keeps taking me back to the course even though I know I'll be
miserable after the day's end.  Inuits have 33 words for snow or white or
whatever, futurists and theorists must have 33 words for fool.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-17 14:44:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
Thanks for the correction, which I also received from Michel.  Regardless,
the idea of eliminating interest is, to me (and perhaps 99% of the rest of
humanity that might care) quite heterodox (and not in a good way).  To me,
it is like discussing whether we should have agriculture or energy
production.  Interest is the time value of money.  It obviously exists, and
it makes sense to people from many more cultures and belief systems than
those few who continue to view it as against their spiritual grounding.  I
suppose I can find people who are spiritually against surgery too.  As for
me, I'll take the downsides of medicine to have the benefits of surgeons
until the details can be worked out...
I've seen people lifted from poverty by micro-credit.  I've also used and
advocated for LETSI systems, but I've never seen one take a person out of
poverty.  I hope that is a limitation of my own observations.
Regardless, my judgment, such as it is, comes from the millions I have
witnessed debased and marginalized under systems created in Marx's name.
Capitalism (which is a silly term for the modern circumstance) is all but
non-existent unless you frame it as private ownership, markets and the
rights to realize personal gains from economic efforts.  Pretty tepid
concepts that have been going on since the Stone Age, at least.  But history
is as messy as the present, and discussing it seems to me a waste of time
when plenty of crises go wanting for thinkers.
I am amazed at one set of discussions I am in with executives who complain
Obama has made the US "socialist", and this one where all the evils of
mankind can be called "capitalism."
humans' moral reasoning, or reduction of competing systems to dust.  It
works just fine today, yesterday and, I suspect, tomorrow.
I will be happily enjoying the false consciousness of trying to lead a moral
life in a complex world with systems and technologies Marx never knew and
Adam Smith could not have dreamed of.
Ryan Lanham
On Sun, May 17, 2009 at 12:44 PM, Christian Siefkes

@_date: 2009-05-17 15:17:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
If I suggested technology does away with inequality, I erred.  It cannot and
will not.  I've never thought it.  If I wrote it, I was incorrect.
In fact, I think equality is an illusory goal.  Equality cannot be defined
very well, and cannot be enforced in any moral system I know of.  I for one
am not willing to lose all liberty to gain a low level equality.  Even if I
were, I doubt it could be achieved.  On the other hand, peer systems can be
voluntarily built and subscribed to.  Those create local equalities if well
That said, equal pay for women, fair value for labor provided, fair wages
paid at a living scale...all good ends that I support.
As you suggest, I am happy to leave Marxism as a topic.  It is useless to
me.  If others find it not so, I wish them well with it.
I specifically do NOT see P2P as an alternative to Capitalism or Socialism.
I see it as a way of constructing certain solutions that doesn't get fit
into either of those two boxes (neither of which I find particularly
useful).  It isn't a life system.  It is a way of organizing to solve
certain problems.  It is non-rivalous with other economic systems.
Personally, I'm uninterested in grand life systems, I'm interested in very
specific pragmatic solutions to problems--climate change, poor education
systems, digital divides, gross income inequalities, poverty traps,
pollution, loss of political freedom, etc.
Still, pragmatic systems need some framework of understanding--a theory.  I
work here to further my own theoretical understanding on what P2P might be
in practice and in theory.  I do not believe it can be fully theorized prior
to implementation.  Like Marc, I see it as an organic element following
certain normative principles.  I would never compel someone to use or
participate in P2P--indeed if I did so, it wouldn't be, to my mind, P2P.  I
am interested in new ideas of people from all economic, social and political
perspectives.  I do not pretend I have profound insights on any grand way to
live or structure society.  I do not.
P2P as a solution can and does reach millions and millions of people, but it
is not a worldview (a point which Michel may profoundly disagree with).
Wikipedia is one of the most successful knowledge ventures of all time.  I
consider it to be P2P.  Ebay is a major economic engine as is Craig's list.
To me, those are, at worst, quasi-P2P.
But I strongly prefer P2P where a commons is built--as with free software
domains and open software sharing projects.  I'd like to see those extended
to all forms of research, medical data sharing, chemical designs and
production methods, modes of building certain basic machines and components,
free green home architecture plans, etc.
I believe we can have P2P money systems (aside of) state money systems.
Whether or not any of this withers away the state is an extremely
uninteresting question to me as a futurist or a practical problem solver.
There are plenty of hollow states and dysfunctional ones too.
The problems I am interested in are ones that help people, serve them, and
make human happiness sustainable where feasible in concert with a
sustainable existence for other living things.  I'd like to see all humans
enjoy a productive, educated opportunity to enjoy life and to serve
something meaningful with it.  In the end, I cannot force equality, my own
view of the good, or my own view of what is a suitable way to live.  I can
only advocate.
I am firstly concerned with what can be done with high levels of
collaboration and shared commitment...not with solving all problems with a
global theory.  My gods are pragmatists both theoretical and in praxis.  For
those who love solutions to difficult challenges, there is no shortage of
topics to take on.
On Sun, May 17, 2009 at 2:40 PM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-05-17 16:14:14
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
Tell me what you think some of Marx's great and relevant insights on the
present are?  Why don't we discuss his ideas rather than his iconic status.
Your ideas on defining capital and labor are a bit broad.  I would encourage
you to point me and others to a portrait of what such a system would look
like...say on an island...or a sea stead.  How would it work?  Would
interest and investment be forbidden?  What if most people didn't like those

@_date: 2009-05-18 08:52:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
To be quick in a response that merits much more...and thank you for the
civil and thoughtful response) to my own which too often borders on ranting:
I acknowledge that Marx inspired and continues to inspire many people to
consider social justice issues and means toward achieving economic justice.
Like Freud, who I think can offer an appropriate comparison, Marx introduced
many terms, ideas and approaches to complex topics that are highly
accessible and illustrative.  I find that the illustrations he offered are
now obsolete or simply inaccurate for a variety of reasons, but I
acknowledge his contribution in attempting to raise social justice and his
genuine hunger for fairness in whole new ways, which is obvious to me in the
many times I have read some portion of his vast works.  Again, like Freud, I
think the clarity and compelling Newtonian-like linkages Marx lays out,
attract others to see the world through his eyes.  As others have said, I
think the complexity of the present world renders his views less valuable
than his devotees think.  But that is a matter for reasonable judgment.
Finally, as with reading Freud, I find the work to be, at least in
translation, bulky, self-involved and very characteristic of important 19th
century rhetoric and scholarship--full of generalizations, sweeping
assertions and light on any sort of empirical evidence beyond very
subjective observations or readings of history.
For those inspired to attempt to theorize or scheme modes of reaching
greater social justice by Marx, I honor him and those who attempt such
efforts.  I think they should often acknowledge that other efforts to apply
Marx have ended in folly and disaster when they invoke his name and carry a
burden to criticize harshly misapplications of his ideas if the world is to
welcome their reappraisals.
I do not feel I have made an ad hominem attack against Marx.  If what I said
is perceived as such, I apologize sincerely to those who feel his legacy is
worthy.  His critique strikes me as simply inaccurate and, at best, no
longer relevant.  There are enduring ideas worthy of review from all
pre-modern times, and I take Marx to be pre-Modern--or classical, like Adam
Smith or David Ricardo who he read closely.  An aquaintance of mine,
Professor Gavin Kennedy of Edinburgh, spends a life correcting
misinterpretations of Adam Smith.  I have seen others do similar with the
words of Thomas Jefferson.  I suppose that is a sort of worthy pursuit, but
in the face of great challenges, it is not how I would wish to allocate good
minds in a just world.
For me, any scholar who proposes ideas that lead to policy bears
responsibility for those implementations to a degree.  Theory matters when
it becomes action.  One cannot just heap it out and then hope it doesn't
hurt when someone tries it.  That's like a scientist publishing a plan for a
bomb and then putting a caveat on the end that it ought to only be used for
good and just causes.
At a fundamental level, I personally think the leap to ideals that equality
of property = justice are, first, unworkable, and second bound to have
externalities that lead to greater immoralities than the ones attempted to
be cured.  Such ideas of property equality as a fundamental goal suffer the
same logical fallacies as do unconstrained market systems...that some aspect
of rights and liberties (in this case a right to equality [versus a right to
control properties and earn profits]) are greater implicitly than other
rights and liberties.  No one has the authority to impose such a judgment in
my view outside vigorously contested systems of governance.  Rights and
liberties are continually negotiated, decided, contested and in tension.  I
believe that is the way it will be and even should be.  Because something is
written in a tablet in the US or the UN or the EU does not make it so.  It
makes it so within the legitimate confines and authorities of those
organizations subject to their flaws, weaknesses and changes.
One injustice is not greater than another unless societies collaborate,
deliberate and rule as such.  No one can impose a moral hierarchy of
injustice.  Such a hierarchy can only be chosen through legitimate means of
I continue to advocate for P2P because it does not impose anything on
anyone.  It does not try to achieve some perfect order.  It solves problems
and it builds sharing, trust and commons amongst people. I see no downside
to such ventures.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-18 09:55:24
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
As usual, your writing causes me to stop and think which is something for
which I owe you a debt of much gratitude during these hyper-kinetic times.
As an aside, I agree with you (and Om Malik) that real-time is becoming of
new and higher importance, and you are also right that it is altering what
we have thought of as conventional scholarly work...or journalism, etc.
I apology ahead for first trying to explain my backgrounds, sources of
study, and motivations for points of view.  Sometimes they are in conflict
with each other.  I think some understanding of our perspectives and
foundations helps "deconstruct" the writer.
I have thought about interest from 4 major perspectives in my life:
1. National budgets and finance.  I work, at present, in government.
Budgets are the blood of government and those who do not understand budget
processes of governmental organizations cannot hope to have any notion of
the biology of the body politic.
The nature of carrying currencies in free trade, fiscal policy, monetary
policy, and inter-related items are much in discussion surrounding the US
now.  I am a US national working in the Cayman Islands Government.  My
interest is thus practical and, I suppose, somewhat patriotic, but I also
have an enduring academic interest in that I completed most of a PhD in
Public Administration where my main interest was budgets and government
finance.  As a biographical aside, I am now switched to a PhD in Planning,
Globalization and Governance where, as you know, I am re-embarking on a
dissertation (at the too late age of 46) roughly on modes of leadership in
P2P organizations that could help build a new vision of leadership to follow
on the work called Servant Leadership.  How people collaborate, enable
collaboration and facilitate peer interactions and commons is my first
research interest.  My ambitions are to help facilitate worthy foundations
and other similar civil society ventures.
As to national budgets, I find that the creation of currency, fiscal policy,
national debt management, and the role of a nation in international trade
are key factors associated with interest rates.  For what it is worth, I am
a neo-Keynesian on such matters and follow closely the ideas of someone like
Paul Krugman most closely, so as to expose my biases.  I have read much in
Keynes (much more than in Marx) and admire his clarity and even his
worldview a great deal.
2. I am a long devotee (10 years or so) and dabbler in micro-credit
systems.  I have followed Muhommed Yunus and Grameen Bank for more than 10
years.  I first became interested in Grameen based on a low cost housing
initiative which received much praise in the 1990s.  I have since invested
in micro-credit systems, advised some on planning them, etc.  The one I am
currently most invested in is called MyC4.  It works out of Denmark and
invests in Africa.  I believe it has done great good for many Africans who
saw an opportunity to improve their own lives and that of their communities
by increasingly their economic output.   I recognize that there are always
trade-offs associated with increased economic output.  But for purposes
here, I would say that I believe the payment of interest can lead to
powerful social incentives to consume wisely, productively and with planning
and purpose.  I have seen it work.
3. I have worked and studied some fair amount in international development
economics.  My "gods" there are people like Bill Easterly (who I take to be
a great genius) and my friend Tony Clayton in Jamaica who is something of an
Easterly disciple.  From them both I have learned that interest can become a
crushing burden to developing nations and that corruption in governance is
perhaps the greatest negative cost on the planet.
Modes of setting fair interest for fair projects is paramount in development
economics, and the theories of Easterly, Clayton and others like them focus
on highly effective grass roots projects that impact local economic output
directly.  I am highly biased toward localism and local production based on
readings of Easterly, Krugman (his economic geography which followed on work
I got interested in as an undergraduate 25 years ago) and similar
perspectives.  I have worked myself a good bit in advancing planning and
community-based organizations.  I am a great advocate for the idea of
community foundations, for instance. I have also seen community foundations
use loans and interst in areas such as scholarship support and small social
projects with great effect.
4. I founded a firm at one point in the Internet financial services arena
and raised venture capital.  Venture capital is assessed with very high
internal interest rates which leads to tremendous stress on CEOs--of which I
was one.
The CFO of my firm and former college roomate (at Johns Hopkins) took his
PhD in business from the University of Chicago where he was much influenced
by monetarists, behavioral economists, and micro-economic theorists of a
libertarian bent.   I spent many a lunch arguing with these points of view
from a well-informed group of University of Chicago-trained teachers and
Indeed several of my investors in the venture were University of Chicago
economists, so I got it continually and often.  I typically argued contra
the "U of C" positions and was often laughed at for my "liberal" views.
However, their tough lessons on economic theory often resonate with me even
if I disagree with fundamentals. They introduced me to behavioral economics,
all manner of theories of interest and investment, and a good deal to the
ideals of Hayak and libertarianism.  Hayak was Friedman's god, and I think
he is one of the seminal thinkers of the 20th century.  I get angry every
time I pick up one of his works...and yet I acknowledge their brilliance.
I further acknowledge the growing and always powerful libertarian thrust of
America's right wing intellectuals.  If one does not understand
libertarianism, one cannot understand the United States, in my view.  I have
seen Americans dismiss Europeans and vice versa on these topics.  That
always saddens me as well.  Fortunately the world is becoming bigger than
either Europe or the US.
Further, I have been much influenced by the thinking of Nassim Nicholas
Taleb of late and I read his works and those like him closely.  I consider
his work behavioral economics of a sort.  That link came from the University
of Chicago folks.
I have also done a fair amount of reading in science studies of economics
and consider myself to be a student of actor-network theories, social
construction theories, and related topics in science studies.  I am much
influenced by Bruno Latour, for instance, but that may have nothing
whatsoever to do with interest rates.
Those are my primary intellectual biases and frames for considering interest
rates.  When I discuss the details in further posts, I will attempt to
highlight which perspective is most motivating my points of view.
I am not a professional economist.  I do come from what you have, I believe,
referred to as a neoliberal perspective.  I do not consider myself beyond
that liberalism.  At many points in my life I have read into and personally
rejected compulsory modes of socialism.  At a personal level, I admire
Nordic social-liberal governments, Canada, New Zealand and similar nations
as moral and social leaders of the present world. I am left of center in my
American politics, but still centrist.

@_date: 2009-05-18 11:03:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] negative interest at NYT 
This is certainly correct in principle.   I'm not sure about the -5%, but he
would probably advocate negative interest in a deflationary period based on
writings in *The General Theory*.
I suppose I would like to see an argument contra interest. It is hard for me
to fathom the moral or economic argument at present.
If you have a shovel and are not using it, you can lend it to me.  I use it
and gain value.  What is the problem for compensating someone for such
value?  It allows shovels to be fully employed, fewer shovels to be
produced, and all the inputs to the shovel to be used and allocated
efficiently.  Where is the controversy?
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-18 11:33:07
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
I must say this has become incomprehensible to me.
Stefan, as I understand it, seems to want to abandon certain concepts of
property, but I'm not sure.  I really wish someone would try a position
paper for oekonux that expresses the core ideas in any language in
straightforward terms.  For now, I have no idea what you are talking about.
It appears to be nonsense to me, at least.  I want to be wrong about that,
but I cannot gather enough of the basic ideas for any of it to make sense.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-18 14:03:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
Is there anyone who disagrees with what Kevin is saying here?   That these
points are in doubt I think is the beginning of the discussion.
Some basic understanding of the theory of money and its history has to be
understood.  I'm more than willing to discuss or sort out any ideas, but I
for one need to understand what someone accepts or rejects, or the discuss
is truly nonsensical.
For example, money is taken to be fungible by its very nature:
More importantly, money is a token for an idea...it isn't a physical thing.
The idea is that value can be transferred from one activity or good to
another and stored in between.  During that storage, it can be lent
out...like any good or service. People may more may not charge a fee while
it is lent out...that fee is called "interest."
The vast majority of world money has no physical manifestation at all.
Money is an idea that is created and moved under certain social rules that
are quite explicit and quite strict.  Without it being an idea, we are in
commodity economies...and bound to be poor and hopeless inefficient...that
IS an equality of sorts.
These discussions filled the US newspapers--in 1890!  It spurred the rise of
neoclassical (Marshallian) economics and then Keynesian economics as
response when Marshallian economics argued for permanent equilibria in
economies.   Bretton Woods, etc. are essential points of basic understanding
to have any meaningful discussion of modern concepts of money.
I am starting to think three fundamental P2P Foundation Projects are in
order... 1. A discussion on the nature of value.  2. A discussion on the
relationship of property to value.  3. A discussion on the relationship of
money to value and property.  All of these are basic modern social ideas.
Breaking with those social ideas leads rapidly to nonsense in trying to
interact with a modern world.
On Mon, May 18, 2009 at 1:14 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2009-05-18 21:48:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] negative interest at NYT 
Labor as a source of value is pre-modern economics where the concept has
been replaced by utility which is discussed in incremental or "marginal"
terms in the field of microeconomics.
By the way, a motley lot discussed the LTV long before Marx.  In fact it has
been invented and discussed many times in history and there are loads of
economic histories on the topic.
It is typically taken by economists to be a pre-modern concept that is no
longer very useful or insightful because simple observation in any number of
types of economies proved it to be inaccurate.   People don't set values on
the basis of contributed labor.
Carl Menger, who was an Austrian forerunner of Friedrich Hayak, and I
believe his teacher, is famous for critiquing the LTV--really taking it out
of modern discussion.  That occurred in the late 1800s.
Most who deal with these things would argue that prices are not determined
by labor but by demand and supply.  If prices were determined by labor,
there would be little incentive to be efficient--a major problem with all
authoritarian socialist economies which tend to produce things people don't
want.  North Korea, Soviet Union, etc.  They didn't put things on store
shelves that people wanted but that they could produce.  That's not very
desirable to most people.
Marginal utility (a very flawed concept itself) allows one to determine how
much people want more and more of a good or how much utility they need
(money) to part with some commodity or good.
Money, by the way, is the ultimate shovel because it can become any kind of
shovel...like a wild card in a card game.   Thus, like a wild card, I would
always prefer money or buying money, to buying a shovel...until I absolutely
need a shovel.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-19 10:49:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 150 
Another countryman of yours, Ludwig Wittgenstein, said that knowledge is
ultimately predicated on (reasonable) agreement.  To say that LTV is a "law
of nature" is a sort of nihilism that leaves no possible rebuttal.  You
cannot have proof of this because there is mountains of evidence against
it.  If it was meant as science (and it was) it is simply an error--a bad
theory.  If it is normative--that is, a statement of how things ought to be
rather than how they are (scientific), it is a normative theory that
civilizations the world over have repeatedly rejected.
I've had similar discussions with many other forms of nihilistic
fundamentalism.  You are not seeing the world through different eyes, you
are simply avoiding actual discussion and open inquiry.  As I have said
before, if one cannot begin with some basis of discussion (other than
canonical acceptance of some text--be it Marx or the Gospel of St. Luke),
there is really nothing to be said.
Your canon (Marx) blinds you from actual study.  Therefore to criticize
others for not seeing the world through your text is irreducibly absurd.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-19 11:17:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Self-organizing principles 
is a starting point.  There are
huge literatures in self-organizing systems in computer science and AI.
There are discussions of self-organization in physics and in communications
I think one of the most accessible and best recent studies is called
You might want to look into the literature on social network analysis and
join the mailing lists at INSNA which have covered these topics from
sociological and mathematical perspectives for several years.
In biology, you my find your topic goes toward swarm science.  Swarms are
also heavily discussed in crowdsourcing literatures.  All of these
approaches overlap collaboration and self-organization.  There are even
literatures in constitutional and legal theory.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-19 11:20:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
I do not know Kleiner.  Can you give a reasonable entry point.  The rest of
what you say here seems reasonable...I like the membrane analogy.
I agree Ostrom's work is outstanding in this area.  I think it ties closely
with her excellent work on trust as well.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-19 11:31:41
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
This is a reasonable intro to money that you list.  It is a difficult
topic.  With no logical starting point...I use marginalism because
economists (orthodox ones) do.  It is hard to explain marginalism to
people.  I've tried many times with limited success.
I think the real difficult one to accept is monetizing the debt.  You
explain money creation well, but I challenge anyone to explain to me what is
going on when the Federal Reserve buys debt of the US government with money
it creates!  I have no idea what that is.  A bond is an asset, and
governments can simply make a balance sheet by "buying" the bonds it already
sold?  What is that!?!
The real challenge to all economics is where does money come from?  This is
the real problem for P2P systems of money.  Usually one will see a commodity
theory (or a labor theory of value) behind money.  Those simply don't work
very well for well-known reasons that fill economics texts.
The real answer is that if everyone believes someone can create money, they
can!  The US government or the Japanese government adjust money supply all
the time--usually by expanding it.  Now you are pushed to explain
inflation...which your document punts on...
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-19 11:48:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] POCLAD and corporation reform 
Combining Athina's idea with the POCLAD interest, perhaps a reading of
could be in order.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-19 18:01:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 19, Issue 150 
Based on your response, I am not sure I am any less in misunderstanding of
what you are trying to say.
I trust you are interested in social justice.  I trust you see the current
system as unfair and believe that a fairer system is possible.
Your approach to describing value, money and even labour are non-standard
and, for me, esoteric in a quasi-theological sense of the term--they seem to
be highly influenced by Marxian lines of thought.  I am reminded of the
Frankfurt Schoo, Zizek, etc, who I will admit I find of little value.
I remember little of my own reading of lengthy sections of Das Kapital, but
I do remember the extensive reliance on a labor theory of value which is, to
most who now review it in broader contexts, inaccurate as economics or
Commodity fetishism is a social critique by Marx I have less familiarity
with.  As I understand the point, Marx did not believe people were logical
in their assignment of monetary values. Rather, he believed people were
effectively blinded by social constructions of value.  I have not doubt both
of those things are true.  Whether he could see past these things more than
most, I have no idea.
Different values and yet a relatively standard economic value (price) is
inherently true and part of any economic analysis.  We all make different
choices.  I believe Marx was of the opinion that choices could be logical
and standard--along lines of the classical economists who followed him like
Marshall.  As I read him once, Marx perhaps seemed headed toward a utility
theory, but he did not have that insight.  He was obviously not a
quantitative thinker given to insights of that sort.  Marginal utility
theory followed relatively soon after his own work historically, though I do
not think his work contributed to the development of marginal utility theory
At the level of literary criticism or Frankfurt School-styled philosophy, I
find them best suited to discussions of texts rather than any practical
application, but that may well be ignorance on my part.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-20 20:53:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the end of the bank-centric universe 
I agree Michel...brilliant, and I agree with every word Arianna Huffington
wrote.  Obama is failing big time on this one, and I'm a huge fan.  People
in power always go with institutions because they need the power.  Big banks
appear powerful, but they are shells of their former selves.  The same is
happening to newspapers and will happen next to universities.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-20 21:24:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
1. Please let me know if you still have mail problems.  I don't think I
sorted them out.
2. I think your system involves a pricing fallacy.  It is that prices of
goods and services can be accurately valued.  They cannot.  We don't know
what your blog is worth or what an hour's work building a wall is worth.
That's because we don't know what demand is for those things.  Much as I
would love for something like this to work, it won't.
Here is why:
A. Money is a dynamic system.  The reasons people "own" money is that we
store consumption until when it is advantageous.  If I offered you a feast
immediately after you had a large meal, it is nearly worthless to you.  But
tomorrow, you may want that feast very much.  The makers of feasts count on
their own skill at calculated just how many feasts will be wanted today or
B. A pure measurement system would always look at fairness from the point of
view of a centralized plan.  That cannot work because it will not satify
point A above.  That is, there can be no standard set of "scales" nor any
standard "centimeters."
C. Money is already a p2p system in the way in spends.  It's just not a p2p
system in the way money is created.  My recommendation to the micro-currency
crowd is to focus on money creation--how does money come into the system.
Most of he research focus now on this list is on trying to create infinite
consumption or infinite earning machines.  These are like perpetual motion
machines and will not work.
The dynamics of supply and demand are very difficult to challenge without
coercion.  People simply want to make their own decisions when they wish to
make them.  If you allow those things, then the question becomes one of
Price is inherently tied to the supply of money as well as demand.  It isn't
about measuring production where money is interesting, but in measuring the
nature of where money comes from in the first place.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-21 09:41:02
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p aspects of ocean thermal energy 
I doubt there are any P2P aspects to Ocean Thermal Energy Conversion (OTEC)
itself.  I think the way its structure and education functions can be
governed could be P2P, but that would take great care.
Panarchy is interesting with regard to OTEC in the formation and governance
aspects of building the plants and supporting the idea of building the
plants.  I wonder if anyone has ever formed a corporation where the number
of shares owned is limited to a small stake...surely this has been done.
But I am not sure how.
P2P ownership seems at odds with a significant individualist tone in P2P
areas.  But I think cooperatives like micro-investment coops, etc. are
underresearched.  A lot of the time the political impetus for P2P comes from
the socialist framework or the libertarian framework.  These groups tend to
be suspicious of corporations.  I personally believe the answer is not to do
away with corporations, but to improve the ways in which they are governed.

@_date: 2009-05-21 10:07:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Marc, your question is a direct answer to Michel's, since what you propose
is effectively a perpetual motion machine.
"Game playing" is the process of making decisions.  That is why game theory
is fundamental to economics.  People make decisions under the pressures of
time.  We all have limited time, and therefore must allocate resources as
part of life.  In short, we choose when and what to produce.
Fixed input systems are inherently unworkable because no one can determine
ahead demand.  Demand changes and preferences change.  Marginal utility
changes.  People make decisions based on relative positions of their own
situation and those of the marketplace.  There can be no "fixing" these
levels because then you doom yourself to sub-optimal levels of consumption.
That is, people don't get what they most want.  When that happens, people
simply produce less.
Therefore, raw materials, labor and skill are in a constant price tension.
One cannot "fix" them because to do so is to establish the price of bread
without understanding the factors that change the price of bread which
include not only supply (inputs) but also demand.
So far as the world has determined to date, or at least so far as I am
aware, there are only two possible processes for determining how much of any
good or service to produce:  1) One produces what can be sold profitably or,
2) One produces what one is commanded to produce from a central point.
If one tries to produce a good without profit, then one is attempting to
complete a perpetual motion machine...building something that runs with an
inherent energy imbalance...where the output is continued even though the
energy in is greater than the value/demand out.  A perpetual motion machine
violates conservation of energy much the same way running an unprofitable
business does.  Money is the energy of an economic function.  If you cost
more than the world values your good or service, you cannot run forever just
because your inputs + a profit = some number.
In a nutshell, you've described why labor theories of value are nonsense.
They fix too many inputs and assume irrational assessments of price.  Price
isn't determined by the seller/maker of a good, but by the buyer and seller
acting in agreement--by the way, that is a P2P agreement.

@_date: 2009-05-21 11:20:37
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Blog on Political Economy of P2P 
Please find the following to meet your request:
Why P2P isn?t Capitalism or Socialism
Ryan Lanham
A peer-to-peer (P2P) project is not suitably classified under any mainstream
economic system.  That?s because the motivations behind P2P are
fundamentally different than those allowed for in conventional political
economic theories.
In a capitalist system, a person acts to maximize profit in a
transaction.  Profit
is maximized by using property and resources efficiently and by negotiating
a sale with a marketplace that has demand and money.
In a socialist system, a commons may exist, but it is controlled by a
central authority?typically a state/government?that compels, through a
centralized decision hierarchy, participation, rules or a certain pricing
structure.  A socialist system tends to emphasize equality of output to
those who participate.
Of course these are oversimplifications that do not fit every case but they
begin to illustrate major differences.
In contrast, P2P systems optimize growth of a commons, but they do not
compel participation nor do they demand equality of use benefits or
contribution values.   There is no profit motive as a primary driver.  People
participate in P2P systems because they trust that their contributions will
be enhanced by other participants at a level that makes their investments of
time, knowledge, skill or other resources more productive?generally.
A P2P system is not a charity.  Contributions made to it are not done as a
selfless gift or out of an obligation of duty.  However, participation in a
P2P system entails a certain commitment to a shared framework and a belief
that participants will also contribute to the general benefit rather than
?free-riding? on the good created by others.   Such trust exists with
minimal policing.  P2P systems may have a membership concept, but
contribution is not compelled.  Governance, in general, is minimized.
It is unlikely that a whole economy could run by P2P mechanisms.  But that?s
not the point.  The point is that P2P systems such as free software systems,
shared data systems (e.g. Wikipedia) and other P2P models can exist side by
side with socialist or capitalist frameworks equally well.
As with any relatively leaderless organization, P2P systems are driven by
the needs, interests and investments of those who participate.  For example,
Wikipedia may have endless articles on science fiction characters that no
conventionally edited encyclopedia would carry.  That is a richness created
by the interests of users.  But it also addresses conventional topics?as
demand and interests dictate.  No one is in control to a large extent.
There can be trust and contribution reputations associated with P2P
contributions, but the ?spirit? of P2P is one of sharing and commons
building.  Even academic researchers may look first to their own reputation
in publishing a work rather than the greater good the research gives to
society.  That would not be the case in a true P2P system.
P2P is not a system of personal gain as a primary motivator.  Neither is it
a model where social equality and fairness necessarily rule.  Such value
accounting is outside the ethos of sharing and contribution that makes P2P
systems powerful.
Two areas of P2P research are endlessly fascinating for those interested in
conventional political economic systems.  First, what motivates people to
lead and contribute often incredible efforts to P2P systems when such work
is minimally compensated?at least in conventional terms?  Second, what
impact does the existence of P2P systems have on conventional economic
Much more work has gone into research on motivation than on the impact of
P2P on other economic frameworks.  Clearly a highly productive system like
Wikipedia, the Creative Commons or the Free Software Foundation must have
profound economic implications, but what are they?
It appears P2P systems allow markets or government systems to be challenged
when they are inefficient, lopsided or otherwise acting poorly or unfairly.
Therefore P2P systems may create permanent efficiencies in economies no
matter what their form and structure, just as a well-functioning commons of
any sort proves a benefit to the community that works to maintain it.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-21 11:35:24
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Blog on Political Economy of P2P 
Monopoly is a major problem in capitalism.  It necessitates regulatory
workarounds.  Socialism assumes government or "people's" monopolies also
leading to various problems.  In those cases, there is no one to regulate
the state.  My own view is that state monopolies make good sense where
service-provider commitment is essential or where equality of output is
valued above all.
Certain functions, I believe, are ideally fulfilled by the state--national
defense, policing, certain banking functions, certain social service
functions, public health functions, certain basic health services, some
types of insurance services, prisons, etc.
What I think is emerging is a poly-system of modes where various production
mechanisms are optimizing to fit the ecosystem--economies are evolving to be
more than one thing at once--capalist/socialist/anarchist/polyarchist, etc.

@_date: 2009-05-21 11:52:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
In theory, any good capitalist is against unfairness.  That is not the
reality we both know.  The question is, how do you redress the reality?  Do
you throw away the system, or try to fix the ailments?   Marx thought the
ailments were inherently part of historically inevitable process.  To my
mind, you've got to take each one in turn and deal with them.  Not nearly as
satisfyng as throwing away the whole or seeing some inevitable historical
path, but reality is messy.  It's like trying to stay healthy.  Stuff
happens.  Transhumanism is an interesting attempt to replace the corrupt
body with a less corrupt machine/body.  I am very interested in
transeconomicism in the same way.  P2P is transeconomicism
Predictive inventory systems isn't a workaround for the Black Swan that is
demand and innovation.  Today everyone wants a red sweater...because it's
the bomb.  Tomorrow, red is the worst thing you can own.  Today, everyone
wants Coke.  Tomorrow, everyone wants tea.  It's impossible to predict.  If
someone in New York wants tea, that means someone in Sri Lanka needed to by
a tractor.  The reason markets work so well is that the best possible
decision process happens closest to the stakes.
I agree with you that profits are excessive in a number of markets and that
monopolies and oligarchies (trusts) exist.  We should break them up.  I also
agree with Kevin that the rules have been unfairly structured to help
corporations...we should change them.  But the answer is not in doing away
with markets--which make people very happy by and large.  Who doesn't like
going into a well-stocked supermarket?  Sure, I don't want a lot of the
poisen that corporations sell, but that's a different problem.  I love the
fact that I can eat a strawberry in Michigan in November and get salmon in
Cayman at a fresh fish counter.  Efficient?  Different problem.  If you want
to regulate, regulate.  But that's a political problem...not a systematic
problem with markets.
If you do away with currency, how will you allocate goods?  Who decides who
gets what and when?  How do you educate people to act selflessly and morally
when there is no evidence that any large scale human settlement has done so
for a sustained period in the face of plenty?  Moreover, how do you get
people to go to work?  The only answer is and can be that you COMPEL them to
these things.  And when you compel, you will end up with corrupt
politics--always and every time.  People will cheat for their uncles or
daughters or old school chums, etc.  I notice that in Soviet-styled systems
the big shots were never skinny.

@_date: 2009-05-21 12:51:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
A couple of other points:
1. Consuming goods one produces for oneself is still economic production.
You are choosing to not sell the goods presumably to achieve some benefit or
efficiency.  Thus, if I grow my own vegatables, the value is what the market
might have paid me for them at the point they were consumed.
2. Profit as a term is not very useful.  It implies a one-off transaction.
Most producers continue to produce, so they invest in means of production.
The reason is that machines are efficient.  Investing in more efficient
machines (and processes) allows one to drive costs lower in the
marketplace.  Profits lead to lost investment in favor of consumption.
That's why real hard core capitalists like Sam Walton (Wal-Mart) drove an
old pick-up truck and Warren Buffett has old suits.  It is a spirit of
continual investment by which they think they are the real great saviors of
3. A real problem of capitalism (and the toughest critique people on the
left could ever make) is that it creates negative externalities (along with
monopolies).  A negative externality is a sort of collateral damage caused
by an act.  So I produce bottled water and the negative externality is that
people throw the bottles into the ocean and we get dirty oceans.  If I sell
really cheap mortgages, perhaps people buy them without the ability to repay
the bank I represent.  I win by getting my commission, but I create a social
externality for the bank (or, if bad enough) for the whole of society.
There is great regulatory power in claiming the negative costs of
externalities (e.g. climate change based on burning carbons).  In essence
the argument goes as follows:  All of society is a consumer.  If society
incurs greater costs from the negative externalities of transactions than
the productive gains of economic production, society becomes a bad form of
perpetual motion machine...sooner or later it will crash.
Over-consumption is a negative externality of capitalism.  It is akin to
alcoholism...a little bit of a good thing is a good, too much is an
addictive and destructive evil--this follows lines somewhat similar to
Marx's commodity fetishism, as I understand it.
The hardest problem associated with negative (or for that matter..positive)
externalities, is that it requires a political decision to recognize it.  If
political systems are "owned" by those who enjoy negative externality
profits, they are inclined to simply keep making those profits and to suffer
their own waste excess.  In theory, government acts as a regulatory buffer
to such processes.  In practice, corruption happens...and sometimes reforms
4. It is unlikely that a producer perfectly matches a plan for production
with the economic demands of the market--particularly over the long run
(however long you wish to make long...).  Stores build inventories.  Some
things sell with high profits; others don't sell at all, or get stolen,
etc.  The balance of production with demand/profit goals is extremely
difficult.  Few get it consistently right.  One way to assure you have the
best chance is to "innovate" to invest in better or cheaper means of
production or better quality outputs.  A great advantage of capitalism is
that producers manage their risk of getting their production decisions wrong
in part by innovating.  Innovation gives the world more for less--quite
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-21 13:36:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Autistic Economics 
I don't know if Michel or others have ever covered post-autistic economics.
But for the left of center person seeking to find a real but still
rebellious economic set of arguments, I think this vein is much more
productive than one is likely to find in contemporary (or certainly
historical) Marxism.
You can find a lifetime of free readings here: I have, as I have said, real sympathies for socialist schemes in some
societies--Nordic socialism strikes me as particularly effective.  It is, in
my opinion, an unrealistic option for many places, the US and Japan
included, but I have great sympathy for the outcomes.
Post-autistic economics is realistic about the efficiencies and necessities
of markets, but also hammers hard in many cases at preventable causes of
poverty and gross social injustices.  I do not follow it as closely as I
once did, but much of the work is worldclass.
People have written me asking what to read:  I'd say read post-autistic
Some other books / intros that are worthwhile:
Easterly, William. *The White Man's Burden: Why the West's Efforts to Aid
the Rest Have Done So Much Ill and So Little Good*. Penguin Press HC, The,
Ferguson, Niall, *The Ascent of Money*, 2008
Amartya Sen (1995). *Inequality Reexamined*. Harvard University Press.
Polanyi, Karl, *The Great Transformation*, 1944
Hayak, Friedrich, The Road to Serfdom, 1944
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-21 14:39:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Discussions of this sort inevitably lead to discussions of Pigouvian
Taxes--taxes on things people don't want to have as negative externalities:
I should have thrown that in, too.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-21 15:39:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Yours is a sort of "visible hand" of technology driving management.  It may
happen someday.  For now, we need managers.
Miscalculations occur continually and everywhere--too much shipping
capacity, not enough flu vaccine production technology, too many low-cost
mortgages, etc.
Managers try desparately hard to be smart.  Some of the brightest people I
have ever met are corporate managers.  They screw up continually--it is
exceedingly hard to get production decisions right.  Just take pricing of
securities when a company goes public--the price can move 20% up or down
(and regularly does) in a matter of days or even minutes.  That is a case
where very well-compensated and very smart people are missing demand
forecasts hugely.
Plus there can be long (very long) lead times involved in production
processes (as with a jet airplane or a ship).  The designs for many products
take well over a year to go from concept to production.  Demand can change
during that time as can literally thousands of other variables (e.g. input
commodity prices, competitor capabilities and pricing, etc).
No computer program, no matter how smart and how linked is likely to replace
that vast array of human brain power involved--at least not in the next few
(10) years.
The market economy is extremely complex--and yet people reengineer it
continually...day in and day out at every level from the macro (government
interest rates) to the extreme micro (Mom and Pop changing their store
display).  Sometimes the system changes radically, but it is false or wrong
or errant.  It is.  It just is.  What's more, it is extremely unlikely that
it goes away in any significant way in the next few decades.  It may
stumble, break, get rebuilt, change a lot, etc., but markets are pretty
fundamental--they are arguably "natural."
Finally, there is no "market price" of a good that has any staying power.
As we say in stock exchanges, there is a continual auction.  The price is
set when buyers and sellers cross terms.  What is the price of a share of GE
stock?  Tell me the day and time and I can tell you--for a limited quanity.
So it is with all things ultimately.  No program can anticipate that range
of demand shifts and complexities.  It is hugely sophisticated with billions
of interconnections ranging from the weather to the health of individuals
involved to the availabilty of credit.

@_date: 2009-05-21 16:07:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] controversy: GM foods and organic agriculture 
It is interesting that GM foods are designed so as to minimize production
loss risk--another string in this same list.
I don't worry about their (GM foods') safety; in my opinion grains in
general aren't that good as human foods, but if you are hungry, grains fill
you up.  A real challenge is to get people productive enough so that they
can earn some money to buy things--thereby creating demand for
infrastructure that will lead to roads, shops, etc. where people can buy
Productivity requires education, capital and enough political stability so
that investments can work.  I've seen guys borrow 200 Euros on MyC4 in Kenya
to get a few more goats.  They pay off the loan (sometimes at 17%+ interest)
and hugely increase their livelihood within a couple of years.  Very few
actually fail--less than 3-5%.  That will lead to more food, lower costs,
I've lent money to guys who buy and then rent out tractors in Uganda and who
repair shoes or sell cellphone batteries in Ghana and Tanzania.  It always
seems to work.  These people (many are women) know their demand and can
gauge their appropriate investment to increase supply, and then build a
small business that earns funds to get stuff...like appropriate food.  If GM
is a bad idea, they won't buy it for long.  If it is a good idea, they'll be
sending orders to Monsanto right and left.
What will not work is shipping excess food from Texas to Ghana and then
passing it out of the back of a truck.  That may keep people alive, but it
isn't going to build stable farms, towns, etc.  GM crops might though if
they are more drought resistent, bug resistent, etc.  Only time will tell.
Nothing stops people from competing with Monsanto or starting a foundation
to assure that organic seed is subsidized at competitive prices.

@_date: 2009-05-21 16:17:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
If you have a replicator, all is good.  If you don't you need goods
allocation.  The most efficient system yet devised for allocating goods is a
global market economy.  Perfect?  Not even close.  Room for improvement?
People do improve every day...and others cheat it, etc.
I concur with Kevin's and now your argument that production favors small
investors and manufacturers in many respects.  Italy has a long history of
small precision industries hiding under government tax radars in basements,
etc. making expensive eyeglass frames, etc.
I doubt your system would work as well as the greedy managers.  But before
we come to that conclusion, it is important to know 3 things:
1. What do you mean when you say "pay too much"?
2. What is the actual definition of "greed" and when does a profit maker
cross the line?
3. How do you adjust to median cost when efficiencies will vary all around
that price based on efficiencies, capital investment, innovation, labor
costs, etc.?
The market system has simple answers to all these.  But they are extremely
difficult in the super-brain computer runs production world.

@_date: 2009-05-21 16:22:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: excellent contribution 
Patrick makes excellent and valid points.  I agree with them all.
Any system that enforces costs that are not pure market costs (economists
call these transaction costs or coase transaction costs) will create
incentives for people to cheat in ways that avoid those costs.  Classic
transaction costs are taxes, but fixed inefficient prices work just as well
(Nixon fixed wages and prices...in a classic economic debacle...)
That's why people sell drugs...it is profitable to do illegal things!  But
see also Freakonomics which talks about why crack cocaine dealers are poorly

@_date: 2009-05-21 16:41:44
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2p energy economy] Re: excellent contribution 
In a market system, the goal is to maximize information to a consumer.
Then, to allow them to make decisions.  The presumption is they will mostly
choose well.  Those who don't are swept away by Darwinian forces...until
rehabilitated by social safety nets.
Overall, I agree with your aims.  I contend that the market system is
already pretty good, though not perfect, at solving them.  You notice the
problems, but markets work well every day.  We get deoderant we want, we can
buy a burger at midnight at a reasonable price, get gasoline with standard
quality all over, etc.  Prices usually don't go crazy...though sometimes
they do.
Artificial scarcity is a very common topic in classic technocracy--which I
blogged about for a while--you can see it on various articles in wikipedia
like this one:   which talks
about "technates" and other technocracy concepts.
Your overall scheme I think is fairly similar to technocracy ideals of an
energy economy (see  and
Energy Accounting under that...)
These ideals were first set down in the 1930s.  I find them extremely
intriguing...if unlikely to ever come about.  There are still big meetings
in Europe on the emergeance of technocracy--very good and very bright people

@_date: 2009-05-21 17:12:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
Computers have already taken over many things.  Phone calls were once routed
by operators.  I have no problem with automation.
Who do you propose pays for the cost of resiliency?  Since efficiency is
lost, by your own admission, who should bear the cost of a more resilient
system and is there such a thing as too much resiliency?
I am fine with a 30% profit margin limit.  In fact, very few US corporations
make that--almost none.  35% as a profit margin is considered extremely high
and was the peak, say, in the US newspaper industry in the 1990s or in the
oil companies in the early 2000s.  ROE in the banking industry is typically
about 10-12%.  Return on assets around 1-2%.  There are many Japanese banks
were return on assets is well under 0.1%.  They are literally pools of
savings waiting for a qualified borrower.
I prefer a definition of greed based on individual income.  Anything more
than 3 Standard Deviations from median income is excessive.  I'm in.  But
you will lose much innovation and much investment to achieve equality.  I'm
OK with that.

@_date: 2009-05-22 08:00:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
I agree that there are many creative solutions to allocation--in the small.
I'd also argue that all of these exist in market economies now. We have
charities, we have P2P.  To me, they are logical extensions of market
socialism, anarcho-capitalism, etc.
In short, I agree.  But I do not see where these sorts of human relations
driven operations scale.  That is why I was trying to raise the question of
scale earlier.  As anonymity enters economics, people begin to cheat and go
self-serving (on average).  It is always stunning to me to see who cheats on
taxes, for instance.  People can always rationalize why they act immorally.
I've seen it again and again.  Spend a week in a criminal court and you'll
see it every day.
In small systems, it works.  P2P allows some scale by appeal to trust and
In large systems, I see only one possibility--markets.  By the way, I
consider pure markets--micro markets, to approach P2P in much the same way
Kevin describes the rise of anarcho-capitalism.  Small is indeed beautiful,
but try to build an OTEC plant or a football stadium with small--it doesn't
work.  You need corporate action, states,...but also localism, P2P, etc.

@_date: 2009-05-22 08:43:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Blog on Political Economy of P2P 
Schumpeter famously described capitalism as creative destruction.  He meant
that it is so hard to stay on top that innovation constantly destroys the
less than sharp.  It is probably true.  Wealth management allows people to
stay rich, but their productivity must come from investment.  Now that cash
flows are difficult (long-term) that is even becoming extremely hard.
The best answer to economics is education.  Smart, scientifically educated
people win.  Asia is winning.  Africa will win next.  The key for poor
countries is to eliminate the incredibly high costs of corruption.
Corruption destroys far more wealth than anything else on the planet--far
more.  A country like Jamaica which was exceedingly promising has been
completely destroyed by corruption--so too Burma, Kenya, Zimbabwe, etc.  If
you hate poverty and inequality, hate corruption.
But monopoly power is unlikely in a framework where you don't have corrupt
power because systems innovate vastly more quickly than they did in Marx's
time.  Just look at PCs and software which change almost daily.  Innovation
is the friend of the smart and the fair...and the commons must continually
innovate to stay relevant...another strength of P2P.
Here is a stunning statistic from a leading venture capitalist (I can give
the exact source if anyone needs it but I don't have it at my
fingertips...)  $27 Billion USD have been invested in Web 2.0 firms.  Guess
how much has been realized from either profit returns or IPOs so far?
Zero.  Zilch.  Not one penny.  That is devistating to capitalists...even
they don't understand it...but it appears that firms like Facebook and the
whole raft of Web 2.0 firms are effectively operating as non-profits.  Very
odd times for the market economy.

@_date: 2009-05-22 09:22:41
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] GM food -> buggy reasoning. 
David Tribe in Australia is an academic favorable to GMO and thinks its
good...but with some reservations.  I think he would offer a good
non-capitalist contra position to anti-GMO folks, though a small Australian
firm's representative blogs with him.
I've heard it is a nearly pure good for Africa from development economists.
I have heard no downsides and many upsides.  I know that in the US
scientific community the German and, more generally, the European response,
is considered "know-nothing" and anti-tech.  But the US green community
(with which I typically identify) is often against GMO.
With regard to patenting "improvements" that is standard in any technical
area.  It does not block other improvements to existing stock.  One
interesting response would be to try to breed the GMO changes in standard
stocks.  That would take time and be difficult, but for those against
bio-manipulation in a lab, it would offer some response.  Really it is just
a crude form of what goes on in the lab.
On a broader scale, genetic manipulation is coming very soon--it's already
happening in many labs and medical research facilities and GM meat will soon
be standard in the US and global markets.  I suspect Germany's position will
not hold for most of the world, but I hope they push to protect existing
models as much as possible.

@_date: 2009-05-22 09:53:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The beginnings of P2P Universities? 
Just got this message on Facebook...
Scott MacLeod sent a message to the members of World University and School.
World University and School, like Wikipedia with MIT Open Course Ware ~ in
all languages, nation states, subjects and levels, and potentially degree-
and credit-granting ~ is growing.
Check out the great, free educational software here -
And there are a lot of new resources on all the pages.
Invite friends to join this group, as well as post. Wikipedia, for example,
is in 70 languages and has 10 million articles, starting in 2002. Let's grow
World University and School in all languages.
World University and School offers a great opportunity to share ideas, as
well as practice teaching.
What would you like to teach or learn at World University and School? Please
let me know and 'Edit this page' at WUaS.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-22 10:24:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Autistic Economics 
Ferguson is a Tory, it's true.  But his work on money is not so colored and
is first rate in my view.  You are right that PAE often includes Marxism and
all heterodox (e.g. feminist) economics.  That's why I thought it would
appeal to some here.
For me, Marxism is simply factually incorrect in most of its basic
assumptions as I understand them, but if smart people push forward the
research, I am always open to reconsider what they've got.  I am rarely
"against" anything.  I just find it to either be use or not...hopelessly
pragmatist.  Markets I find to be terribly pragmatic.  I've seen them arise
in prisons, school yards, etc.  I have little to say on pre-modern or
non-modern civilizations, tribes, etc.  Those may work differently.  I tend
to think science is built as a social structure and economics is a social
science.  What works endures, what fails is generally laid to rest for most.
Polanyi's Great Transformation is one of the most important books in shaping
my views of the world--quite left.  So too Hayak--quite right...both books
written in 1944.  Polanyi is against communism and Nazis, but he is not so
much pro-libertarian in The Road to Serfdom.  It is a withering critique of
authoritarian tendencies in collective processes.
A friend sent the following lines to me this morning which captures my
politics well:
It is remarkable how most political positions eventually lead to their own
destruction. The left get into power, they can't control their authoritarian
streak, and tendency to over-regulate, interfere and micro-manage the
economy, become corrupted by their sense of entitlement, and eventually
people get angry and throw the bums out. Then the right get into power, they
can't control their greed, and tendency to deregulate even in core areas,
and are already corrupted by their sense of entitlement, and eventually
people get angry and throw the bums out.
Nationalism I regard as a pernicious evil, except in sports where it can be
safely channeled (usually) into a hard-fought but civilized game.
Wish I had written it myself.
 Ryan Lanham
On Fri, May 22, 2009 at 12:34 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-05-22 11:10:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thermo-economics -- Daily Kos 
Some will probably want to comment or reblog this...
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-22 13:58:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] further contribution by David Ronfeldt on p2p as 
In other words, you are willing to defecate on the commons until someone
throws you out, because your defecation does not offend you.
Not very P2P as I understand it.

@_date: 2009-05-22 14:52:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Berardi essay 
I can easily agree with the portions that suggest the old communism is dead
and gone forever...but the article is hugely uncertain about what "new"
communism will look like.
On Fri, May 22, 2009 at 2:09 PM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-05-22 16:32:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Berardi essay 
I found the article interesting, and your comments even more so, but the
more I think about it, the author seems to best describe "the service
economy" with few big corporations involved.
A lot of the futurism seems to describe events that have already happened
or credits to communism events that had little or nothing to do with any
conventional previous description or concept of communism any more than they
could be associated with communitarianism, fabian socialism, anarchism,
How much Marx can be taken out of Marxism before it becomes something else?
Throwing in a few "labour versus capital" lines and then radically
qualifying them to new conceptualizations seems more a stretch to cover
than an application of a historical inevitability.
Even with all the apologies for communism in past as being a Religion (as
the article starts), it even still feels like millenialists looking for the
seven headed dragon or calculating 666 into every conceivable concept.  At
some point you've got to chuck Nostradomus in the trash and say maybe it
wasn't so after all.

@_date: 2009-05-22 17:39:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Berardi essay 
Again, enlightening Andy, thanks.
I think using the otherness of Marx to create an aura of resistance,
rebellion, raging against the machine is valid.   I have admitted created a
straw man, but Marx seems to loom over the European left like a deity.
Poking at it is more temptation than I can bear.
I have used Tonnies' *Gemeinschaft und Gesellschaft *to inform my own ideas
of social decay and to speculate that reversal is now in process due to
social network technologies.
Localism is clearly a trait of this general transformation we are all
discussing.  Whether it is induced by transportation crises, the replication
of all culture on a screen, the need to be connected to place and
placemaking, or all of the above is still to be worked out.  We are all
searching for a sociology of the small and personal world linked to the
massive cloud, but I think harkening to any of the standard sociological
schools may prove frustrating and even outright unproductive.
As to borrowing canons, I am completely guilty of weaving scriptures and
other texts quite hypocritically into my texts without necessarily pointing
out my atheism to those I argue with.  Marx has power.  Whether his ideas
do, I'm less certain.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-22 21:40:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Autistic Economics 
Yes, the point about the name is a long-standing controversy, and I agree it
is offensive.  It was recognized as such after the success made it nearly
impossible to change, if I remember the story correctly.
I concur that GDP is a horrible measure.  But it does correlate generally
with good things.  Further, it is measured badly. Development in Africa is a
long-standing pain for me.  Corruption, I'm convinced, is the greatest of
all evils.  Corruption comes in many forms and deserves who university
departments devoted to it...though of course the academy largely ignores the
The rest of what you write I basically agree with, too.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-22 21:59:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Complexity Digest on Peer Production 
Feedback loops of attention in peer production , arXiv
Abstract: A significant percentage of online content is now published and
consumed via the mechanism of crowdsourcing. While any user can contribute
to these forums, a disproportionately large percentage of the content is
submitted by very active and devoted users, whose con- tinuing
participation is key to the sites' success. As we show, people's
propensity to keep participating increases the more they contribute,
suggesting motivating factors which increase over time. This paper
demonstrates that submitters who stop receiving attention tend to stop
contributing, while prolific contributors attract an ever increasing
number of followers and their attention in a feedback loop. We demonstrate
that this mechanism leads to the observed power law in the number of
contributions per user and support our assertions by an analysis of
hundreds of millions of contributions to top content sharing websites
Digg.com and Youtube.com.
* [27] Feedback loops of attention in peer production, Fang Wu, Dennis
M. Wilkinson and Bernardo A. Huberman, 2009/05/12, arXiv:0905.1740
 Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-23 11:01:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Stream Torrent 1.0 
For those so inclined, the stream torrent 1.0 release on Windows is
extremely powerful.  Download it, and then search, for example, on BBC.  You
can listen to BBC Parliament ral time off high speed internet.  Of course
there are many other legal and illegal options depending on your morals and
inclinations, but the power of this tool makes one wonder if cable TV has a
Stream Torrent carries a conventional copyright.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-23 14:41:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] GM food -> buggy reasoning. 
I hope it is not true, but I fear it could happen.  Monsanto is notoriously
tough in its marketing of GMO and this has been covered on public TV, etc.
I wouldn't be surprised if corruption in the sale of GMO has occurred.  That
said, I have heard repeatedly by development people that it is a pure good
in that it creates much more reliable production in drought and pest prone
areas of Africa.
There is good science on both sides it seems.  Time will tell.

@_date: 2009-05-23 14:53:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] controversy: GM foods and organic agriculture 
I think it deserves a contra side...there are many pro-GMO blogs by
Here's one:
It is a complex issue and there is no clear and obvious up or down on GMO
even if certain companies (especially Monsanto) have been immoral in their
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-23 18:31:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capitalism's Crisis, Marx's Shadow--in Monthly Review 
Georgio Bertini, whose bookmarks I've long admired, bookmarked this article
by a University of Massachusetts professor, Rick Wolff

@_date: 2009-05-23 18:41:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] controversy: GM foods and organic agriculture 
Care to comment?  I've suggest GMO is a good thing for Africa--a line I've
been told many times by development economists.  Maybe you could give some
pointers to "independent" studies.  Is there an honest middle party?  How
would one know an honest middle party?

@_date: 2009-05-23 19:01:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Blog on Political Economy of P2P 
Hi Michel:
John Hagel  Gary
Rieschel: $29 invested so far by VC's in Web 2.0 companies without a single
successful IPO so far
Thu 4:42pm?
Twitter  ?
Comment ? Like He then added a twitter saying it meant billion.
I said 27...the number is 29...2 billion USD more.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-24 03:57:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capitalism's Crisis, 
I follow him on Twine which is one of Nova's projects.  He's also on
Facebook.  I believe he is an Argentine academic, but that may be wrong.  He
has quite diverse and deep interests...I also became familiar with Fernanda
Ibarra's links on Twine...she is in Mexico and works on micro-currencies.
Like Paola and a few others, one gets used to a set of names popping up here
and there...in comments on various blogs, etc. where people seem to become
what was 125 years ago somewhat pejoratively called "intellectuals" these
days.  It is another phenomonon of the web that isn't understood.  I track
maybe 40 such people.  Some rarely write, but do bookmark a lot.  Some
comment but don't bookmark.  Some blog; most don't.  Some use twitter, etc.
Strangely, few of these sorts are conventional academics with successful
careers.  It seems the places for "conversations" for such people are more
in slow media--journals and such--where formality rules and ideas can be
well work-out.  A lot of business analysts are trying to understand partial
ideas, quick speak, rapid response, just-in-time/real time communication,
etc.  There are huge numbers of lurkers who very slowly try to find a voice
or are uncomfortable throwing stuff out there since ideas can be
comparatively precious to them.  I always try to mentor people into entering
the fray...it can be overdone...and I too often say too much, but it is
better to form your ideas by speaking, for most I believe, than to never
benefit from N-way conversations.
The usual complaints of too full mailboxes, can't filter, etc. always come
in.  These are inevitable as people try to work with the old ways of
reflection, perfection, depth in a world that has become hit-and-miss,
pastiche, collage, bric-a-brac, etc.  I find that the ideas that permeated
French art from 150 years ago are fresh in media studies...paint fast, throw
it out, get criticized, don't worry too much about forum prestige, etc.  The
Impressionists taught us a lot about the Internet.

@_date: 2009-05-24 04:18:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peer Governance of This List 
The overwrought state is a trait of P2P we don't look at with a research
lens.  We all feel we have our mouths on a fire hose trying to drink and
also not drown.  Some try to prettify messages and write with 19th century
care...the sort of skills that got people to academic jobs are not very
suitable to a bim-bam-bing web.  A few mysteriously thrive at all of the
above...Lawrence Lessig, Clay Shirky, for instance...others specialize.
Forums are diverse and cannot be fully monitored.  We are all using google
search bots or similar plus things like Twine, Diigo, Delicious, etc.  Your
links have always been invaluable to me...but then again, I say that, and I
can't decide why they are of value...it is because they help me feel like I
am coping with the firehose a bit better than most.
This always comes with the myriad complaints of too little focus, too much
noise, poor signal to noise ratios, etc.  But people still lurk and sample
in such environments.  I think it has something to do with other things like
obesity in the US...where food choices...good and bad, are everywhere and
omnipresent.  People can't cope with choice and responsibility.
My own theory is that we need to give up participation in a full sense and
become riders on the storm.  I fear it is particularly hard for those who
struggle with English, because the realistic language for most of the
traffic in the world is English and it appears it will be for a long time.
English is a sloppy language that has many very heterodox forms and no good
policing system.
Academics tend to hate all this because they have traditionally advanced
exceedingly careful, even prissy types who play with a sentence for 3
hours.  It's all part of P2P...so much more that isn't understood than what
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-24 04:52:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ways to frame the p2p agenda 
This is not what you asked for...but see if it is usable.  No pain felt if
it is trash...
What is a P2P Mensch?
Ryan Lanham
A mensch  is a person of integrity and
honor.  These are very old age words.   Can they be applied to a new age
media phenomenon like P2P?
Speed, zip, bang.  The web invents brevity and tolerates partial and
ill-formed, ill-spelled, slang, emotives, emoticons, and poly-participation.
It doesn?t give a doodle about grammar.  Anonymity covers a great deal of
malicious and perverted actions and mental health is often lost or
demonstrably splattered all over forums, dialogues and tweets.
Is it hopeless?  Yes.  It is.  For those who crave 19th century styled
penmanship and ideas carefully framed with sentences that ring of perfect
craftsmanship the (post?)  modernism of the P2P world is like setting a
skyscraper next to old art gallery.  It is the French Academy versus the
Impressionists.  It is?well, next topic.  You get the idea?
It turns out the essay isn?t dead.  It is less formal, but people do reflect
and focus when something causes them to consider the value of a topic
greater than the deadline of immediacy.  Some still take time to turn a
phrase and others retreat into the old ways hoping the web is a fad.  It
isn?t.   Academics feeling demure about being messy are going to be screwed.
So what does a mench do in such an environment?  He or she (or soon?it) is
polite.  Full of self-doubt.  Accepting of the mishmash and bric-a-brac
world that is the web and still respectful that eyes must read something and
minds must try to connect.
?Mensches? share.  They participate.  They realize that governance requires
support and involvement when there is not time?not one extra second to
absorb one new responsibility or one new stupid tidbit when there is so much
of value to be read, scanned, bookmarked and ultimately processed or not
processed into some new form.  Mensches go local in their communities and
stop building elitist hierarchies to protect their precious?stuff.
Mostly P2P mensches try very hard to make sense of what?s going on.
is invaluable to others.  They need help in seeing the forest for the
clich?s.  It isn?t a job that can be done with the pride of
perfection---being a P2P mensch?it leaves those who aspire to this thankless
and low-wage job with self-doubt, a feeling we are too occupied with
machines and screens, and a sense that we are behind?always, always behind.
It is the new normal.  Get used to it.  And be a mensch.

@_date: 2009-05-25 07:42:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] controversy: GM foods and organic agriculture 
I agree with your distinction, Michel.  GMO is not bad.  It is the corporate
system that markets it that appears evil.
200,000 people go blind in Africa each year from Vitamin A deficiency.
Almost 3000 die each DAY from hunger.  I would prefer a system that
redresses these ills, and that also builds a post-colonial economic system
that takes people out of dependent poverty and the pitiful state of sending
fruits and vegetables north for cheap table goods while suffering
If GMO can do that, I am for it.  I also am slightly suspect that the
anti-GMO crowd is really pro keep Africa and Asia down, crowd.

@_date: 2009-05-25 08:52:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] controversy: GM foods and organic agriculture 
The real imperialism (your word) was done a century and more ago.  Let the
British stop drinking tea for pennies a cup.  Let's fix that first if we
care about the people.  I recommmend people in France stop buying cheap
green beans from Senegal and people in Switzerland and Austria stop stealing
cocoa and coffee from Africa before they preach on how farmers should
operate there.  The French have done endless evil in Africa.  Fix that
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-25 10:41:57
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Seeds of a new growth cycle 
I read with interst your essay on the new long way.
I think I agree thoroughly with the conclusions.  I am less convinced of the
causal explanation.
Overall, it feels "Newtonian" in an Age of the Quantum.  I don't get the
sensation of waves long or short describing the sort of frenetic and
immediate jumps in society that seem to be occurring with some regularity.
My own view is that climate change is the dominant theme of our times and
will be more so.  I don't see that environmental crisis playing a central
role in your theory at present.  Yes, the discussion of green industry is
there, but not complete worldview alteration of humans having to actively
manage the biosphere...that is far more fundamental than a mere move to
green power because fossil fuels are in decline.
There are 1/10 the number of fishes in the oceans now that there were in
1950.  That is standard and accepted oceanographic fact.  So, it is not just
energy that is in play.  Population must also factor and the diet of a world
that is getting wealthier.
That said, I believe the conclusions are precise and accurate.
Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-26 09:52:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
I agree with what Michel wrote, first, and also reiterate his same
Second, you say we made the rules for money once, we can remake them
again...This I am having trouble with.  When did we "make" the rules for
money?  Is it not a more spontaneous self-ordering ecosystem?   There were
dozens of currencies in the Colonial US plus Sterling plus Spanish money,
etc.  Money happens.
I accept that many ecosystems need to be "gardened" to be made more
manageable, but I doubt you would succeed in convincing anyone to implement
a monetary system where money cannot be hoarded.  Do you think such a system
would be voluntarily accepted?  Why would people accede to a system where
they cannot transfer wealth to their children, or hold wealth for an
emergency, etc., and would there always be commodity wealth hoarding
anyway?  Gold, diamonds, paintings by Picasso, useful machines, etc?
Why would anyone ever give up personal security to participate in a system?
Would you compel them?

@_date: 2009-05-27 09:36:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
After some consideration, I've decided that the post-capitalism talk
is largely Utopian fantasy:
1. Current financial assets are considerably more than all non-cash assets
in the world.  Over the counter derivatives alone in 2007 were over 600
trillion USD.  (that's trillion with a T).  The innovation that has been
financial markets goes on strong and the wealth created is anything but
2. The total global gross product (GDP of the world in 2007) was about 47
trillion USD (almost 14 trillion of that in the USA).  So far in the
recession/depression, it has sunk globally by about 2% and certainly not
more than 4%.  Total stock market valuations were 51 trillion in 2007 and
are perhaps slightly less than that now.
3. Most of Africa and large portions of Asia including China are still
4. There are real signs that the green capitalism is starting to take off.
Last year there was more increase in alternative energy production in the US
than in all other forms of energy production (including nuclear power.)
5. Venture Capital has spent 29 billion without production on Web 2.0
companies and there have been no bankruptcies.
6. The majority of US banks will soon be nationalized (along with those in
the UK and Germany) with very little immediate impact.
7. Unemployment in the US is just reach 10% where it has been sustained for
years in other nations like Germany.
8. Capitalism in Asia and Africa is taking off considerably.  The potential
for growth is probably only bound by climate change issues.
9. There are no serious labor movements in the US, China nor India.
10. Japan, China and India have no debt and can sustain negative growth for
at least a generation.
11. There are no function democracies that are non-market oriented.  There
are increasingly few nations that are moving sharply to the left.  Many that
have, including Argentina (formerly) and Venezuela (now) are emerging from
or headed toward bankruptcy.  Venezuelan foreign reserves are falling faster
as a percentage of total than any other nation's.
12. Even with a collapse of the dollar, oil exploding to several hundred
dollars a barrel (both of which are reasonably feasible), there is little to
suggest that this would be more than a hiccup for markets and capitalism.
13. While the nation state may be in decline for financial reasons, there is
no sign (anywhere) if disintegration.  Even where hollow states are the
norm, continual processes of rehabilitation suggest that few believe a
non-state solution is seriously feasible in the near term with any
reasonable standard of living.
That said, I think P2P is exciting, vital and an excellent tonic to excesses
of capitalism and markets.  However, I am convinced the main issue is
climate change.  If there is an Achilles' heel of capitalism, it is climate
change.  That places those who are anti-capitalist in a strange place--to
advocate most effectively against what they dislike they must align to a
degree with what is the greatest threat to humanity overall.  I seriously
doubt that in the next 50 years there is much threat to capitalism from any
non-coercive process.  If this was even the first wave of a massive crisis
10x the scale of the current, capitalism and markets could easily endure it
in most of the globe and probably all of the globe that has significant
For these reasons, I believe decoupling P2P research and advocacy from
supposedly associated advocacy against markets would tend to advance the
legitimacy and contribution of P2P theory to be more productive in a
reasonable time frame.
My own thought is that market anarchism is a realistic evolutionary
development for many backwater geographies of capitalism (central England,
mountain districts, Central Africa, rural Europe (especially Eastern Europe
and Southern Europe)--where it already shows signs of developing into a
characteristic peripheral mode of operation.  It will not be relevant in the
increasingly powerful city-states/small states of tomorrow like Singapore,
Switzerland, Austria, London, Sidney, Jakarta, New York, Shanghai etc.
Those areas will continue as highly industrialized market-oriented trading
entities with banks, capital, financial markets, etc. for the distant
foreseeable future.
I am for sustainable wealth by the best means.  I am for as much freedom as
is possible.  But I am also for not advocating unrealistic Utopias that
simply are not going to matter.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-27 09:57:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Death of Newspapers? 
Stat of the day: Are we witnessing the death of print media? Not quite yet,
it seems. Newspaper circulation grew 1.3 percent worldwide last year,
according the World Association of Newspapers. Growth in Africa, Latin
America, and Asia offset declines in Europe and the United States.
My comment:
The most populous parts of the world are just now moving into modes of
production that are being abandoned at the core.  There is no clear evidence
that things will be accelerated in these locations.

@_date: 2009-05-27 10:01:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
By what authority will you create and remove traits of money?  Through the
state?  How will this occur?  Do you see people democratically choosing to
destroy the prospect of wealth formation, holding financial assets, etc?
This is larger as a portion of global wealth (by far) than physical
production.  Massively so.  We've had almost 6 centuries of financial
engineering since the earliest serious banking operations.  Will all this
human effort be simply destroyed?  To whose benefit?  By what proof?
I agree to the trial so long as everyone who is an advocate goes and lives
in the first place that tries it.
On Wed, May 27, 2009 at 9:52 AM, Martien van Steenbergen <

@_date: 2009-05-27 11:08:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
I cannot imagine, even under extreme crisis, a democratic move to change
money and finance in the extraordinary ways you suggest.  Therefore, I
cannot imagine a feasible path to implementation.
If it is anti-democratic, it fails of its own roots.  If it is to be a
democratic change, there will need to be specific proofs that such changes
lead to desired outcomes as well as the necessary cataclysms to convince
people to consider such changes.
P2P is widely in use today.  There is nothing about it that requires radical
social change or radical systematic procedural change.  It quite happily
co-exists for the most part in Germany, Mexico, Africa, the US, China and
Sri Lanka with very little systematic differences.  Indeed the commons of
most of those places are international.
I see nothing in P2P, even in alternative currencies, that suggests radical
systematic change--rather they are peacefully co-existing systems with
straightforward open membership where people opt in willingly and in great
Are you moving from the democratic, evolutionary to the anti-democratic
revolutionary?  Surely anti-democratic revolutionary ideas cannot be
justified morally in any legitimate movement of today.  And what leader is
going to propose untested radical systematic changes unless they have
acceded to some form of authoratarian/totalitarianism--like a Chavez in
Venezuela--whose economy is crumbling at a tremendous rate versus
surrounding nations--his rate of foreign exchange reserves expenditure
exceeds virtually any other nation, as one example.
Ryan Lanham
On Wed, May 27, 2009 at 10:33 AM, Martien van Steenbergen <

@_date: 2009-05-27 12:18:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Visualizing wiki linkages 
Cool open source wiki linkage visualization code...

@_date: 2009-05-27 13:26:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The "New" Socialism? Wired Magazine 
As usual I agree with Stephen Downes' note...
*NOTE*: Via Stephen Downes,
his comment.
"I think that it is a mistake to conflate online cooperation with
collaboration or collectivism. And it is not helpful to use a term
describing a form of economic organization - 'socialism' - to describe
cooperation and sharing. That is not to say that there are not overlaps, and
Kevin Kelly does a good job identifying them. But new socialists, just like
old socialists, believe that society as a whole, typically represented by
government, should ensure a certain equity of wealth and opportunity. It's
not clear that Kelly's version of socialists believe any such thing".
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-05-27 15:39:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
No system should be advanced, in my opinion, that in any way alters
fundamental human rights such as those of a persons to have
self-determination, to advance their standard of living, and so forth.  The
items in the International Declaration of Human Rights
 are the basis for
any radical political and social change in that they should not be
sacrificed and should ideally be continually reaffirmed.
I hope you will flesh out your ideas on holarchy so that they can be
considered.  Agilism worries me.  Speed and governance generally don't
combine to good effect in my experience.  Agilism as it is often used in
management theory (technocrats use the term) is criticized for being
elitist...a fault given to all technocracy.
One of the powers of democracy is that it assures an equal voice for humans
in basic expressions of public will.  I would hate to see any system put
forward that limits the voice of individuals or that rewards the loudest,
most active, most involved, most technical, etc.  People have a justifiable
suspicious of "vanguards" of anything.
Fundamentally the issue centers around eudaemonics.  If people (a large
number / majority) are willing to follow a plan because it continues to make
them more happy or because it can be shown in some logical and open way to
create happiness, I am for that plan.  But there are notorious problems with
your ethics and my life implementations.  In the end, people must choose.
Any systemic change where people did not have a voice or the opportunity to
raise a voice in protest/organization/legal rights, etc. cannot be
considered an advancement.
I would think some sort of simulation environment like Second Life or
another virtual or even systems-based environment would be the best means of
beginning to test whether your approach makes people happy.
 Ryan Lanham
rlanham1963 at gmail.com
Facebook: Ryan_Lanham
On Wed, May 27, 2009 at 2:11 PM, Martien van Steenbergen <

@_date: 2009-05-28 16:06:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Hi Michel:
Good points, all.
I agree that continued material growth in conventional terms is impossible
at worst, and ill-advised at best.  But continued wealth accumulation is
not.  Wealth can be attained through technologies, free time, etc.  One can
imagine capitalism shifting to a 4 day week, for instance.  Real income
might decrease, but happiness and satisfaction might radically increase.
We have the capacity to build whole cities in Africa with green power where
there will be condos and movie theatres and bars.  Perhaps these will be in
orbit or extend to other planets.  5/6 of the world is the oceans...we
barely know what is beneath them.  One can as easily imagine floating cities
as much as one can imagine post-capitalist frameworks.
lifetime or my children's.  My youngest son is 8.  Let's say he lives a
normal and healthy life to...say, 108.  That's another 100 years...2109.
For rounding, I'll talk about the period between now and 2100.  I can easily
imagine in that period a rapid growth of human wealth particularly if
populations are brought under control or even decline slightly as they are
in much of Russo-Europe.
Fair enough.
I couldn't disagree more.  The greatest innovation in history is financial
engineering.  It has unleashed everything from Grameen Bank to diversified
financial money centers that hold politicians in check and assure government
debts and currencies are properly managed.  Is it perfect?  Of course not.
But it is highly successful, employs millions and will grow before it
The meltdown is more than serious...it is catastrophic.  But it isn't the
end of the world.  We've had panics, meltdowns, depressions and all manner
of catastrophes before.  And we've continued.  So has capitalism.
Capitalism hasn't been about commodities since World War II.  Still, there
are lots of things made of sand and graphite that tons of people want.
There are things made of mud and cement that people want.  We have no
serious shortages of steel, bamboo, ocean water, silicon, carbon, soil,
etc.  We can make computers for everyone and software to run on them and
clean power to drive them.  There is huge room for expansion.
I am willing to accept that median wages in the US have been about the same
as they were in 1990, but look what you can buy for those wages...amazing
entertainment, powerful communications, great mobility.  I certainly
wouldn't want to go back to 1970 or 1980 with my same relative pay.  We are
vastly wealthier now.
yes, but small business has been the dominant sector of employment growth in
the US for a generation.  No reason to think the same will not be true
throughout the world.  We are in the age of small businesses.
The neoliberal system has many hearts.   Banking will be nationalized
through government shareholding but it will look private and the shares will
be bought back within a generation...perhaps within a decade.  It really
doesn't matter.
Unemployment in the US is certainly nothing like what it is in Europe.
Densities in many places are not that high.  The US is comparatively empty.
One can drive for hundreds of miles through forests or through corn fields
yielding crops that go unused.  It will reallocate.  I doubt we are
witnessing permanent high unemployment, but your point is taken.  We'll see.
Agreed, but they can grow.
Yes but imagining a Euro-styled union system in China is like imagining
post-capitalism in the US or Canada or Japan.  It might be a dreamy vision,
but the reality we both know is something radically different, and will
remain so. India even more so.
I don't think they have to.  The average wage in China is 1/10 what it is in
the US.  They have huge room to grow...programming jobs, administrative
jobs, medical jobs, engineering jobs, and a million other areas.  Growth
there has only just begun.  Wealth could grow by a factor of 100 in China in
100 years.   Certainly no one wants to go back to Mao suits and candles.
Argentina went bankrupt because it became socialist.  The same is happening
to Venezuela.  Panama is moving sharply to the capitalist side as is
Colombia and both are thriving.   Mexico may well be the next China.  It is
the US's largest trading partner.  Brazil is successful and will get much
richer.  I agree the moves to the left have occurred...and will strengthen,
but I see neo-capitalism as very consistent with the left as defined in the
US, France, Sweden, New Zealand, etc.
My point is that I don't see dramatic change coming soon.
I agree, I think.
50-100 years out is a huge amount of time.  It is impossible to visualize
the sort of technology humans will have.  My guess is, there will still be
corporations, still be brands that are common today, and there will still be
labor markets, capital markets, debt markets, energy markets, etc.
I agree and I agree with the position.  Others on this list whom I respect I
think would argue otherwise as a direction for P2P in general rather than
the Foundation.
I agree P2P is not unrealistic.  Of course I believe just the obvious.  But
it is worth talking about what is and isn't P2P.
Specifically, I think the socialist blend that seems to pervade a lot of our
discussions is an unrealistically utopian.  P2P can inform a more just
society, bring assets to the disadvantaged, etc. but it is not a replacement
system for markets.

@_date: 2009-05-28 19:35:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
This all sounds good, Martien.  I am onboard for tests and evaluations so
long as the people are ultimately in charge and the system isn't coercive.
It sounds like we agree on all that.
So, no fears from me.  When the words "radical" and "revolutionary" start
getting thrown around, I think there is justifiable concern in the world
that some minority is going to impose its ideal of morality on a larger
group in the name of "justice" or "equality."
I have my doubts your monetary system will win over supporters as a sole
approach to money, but the ideas are fascinating and appear original to me.
I hope you will keep us apprised of the details as they develop.
How would you qualify the characteristics of an ideal test site?  You talked
about size of population, what else would be involved?  Sri Lanka tries
interesting things...very vibrant open source community.
On Thu, May 28, 2009 at 3:43 AM, Martien van Steenbergen <

@_date: 2009-05-29 11:20:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] excellent contribution on flow money by Martien 
I agree fully with what Michel is saying.  For example, we in the Cayman
Islands are starting to look at "production points" that various healthy
activities earn a person toward purchasing medical care.  Buy goods that are
healthy at the supermarket, earn points.  Go to the gym...earn points.
Document that you attended a beach walk...earn points.
It is money so far as I am concerned.  But it isn't going to replace
My point is that token experiments can be very minimal to test various
social features.

@_date: 2009-05-29 12:01:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Factory of the Commons 
Not sure if we have identifed this group before...

@_date: 2009-05-31 13:25:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] World's Happiest Places 
No surprises...social democracies one and all...mostly Northern, mostly post
industrial.  Mostly green.  Mostly social/market economies.

@_date: 2009-11-01 12:56:52
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Virtual currency scams. 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Virtual currency scams. via The
Paradigm Shift by Markus on 11/1/09
Looks like the media finally wakes up to the fact that much of the
social gaming/virtual currency is in fact a complete scam. Its been a
open secret for at least the last 3 years, that no one ever questioned
any of this is absolutely amazing.
A lot of the networks promoting these offers are nothing but a smoke
screen and if you dig deep enough you will see many of the
people/companies pushing the offers are facing multiple lawsuits in
many states. The top people/companies in these scams are pulling in
revenues of over a million dollars a day. Should be interesting to see
just how much of an effect this will have on facebooks revenues.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Paradigm Shift using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-01 13:05:07
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Where Does The Oil Come From? 
What the anti-peak oil people are saying....
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Where Does The Oil Come From?
via Power and Control by M. Simon on 10/29/09
There is some relatively new sciece out about the origins of oil and
natural gas. ScienceDaily (Sep. 12, 2009) ? Researchers at the Royal
Institute of Technology (KTH) in Stockholm have managed to prove that
fossils from animals and plants are not necessary for crude oil and
natural gas to be generated. The findings are revolutionary since this
means, on the one hand, that it will be much easier to find these
sources of energy and, on the other hand, that they can be found all
over the globe.
?Using our research we can even say where oil could be found in
Sweden,? says Vladimir Kutcherov, a professor at the Division of Energy
Technology at KTH.
Together with two research colleagues, Vladimir Kutcherov has simulated
the process involving pressure and heat that occurs naturally in the
inner layers of the earth, the process that generates hydrocarbon, the
primary component in oil and natural gas.
According to Vladimir Kutcherov, the findings are a clear indication
that the oil supply is not about to end, which researchers and experts
in the field have long feared.
He adds that there is no way that fossil oil, with the help of gravity
or other forces, could have seeped down to a depth of 10.5 kilometers
in the state of Texas, for example, which is rich in oil deposits. As
Vladimir Kutcherov sees it, this is further proof, alongside his own
research findings, of the genesis of these energy sources ? that they
can be created in other ways than via fossils. Well isn't that
interesting. So called fossil fuels may not be from fossils after all.
That would tend to confirm the work of Thomas Gold and Freeman Dyson:
The Deep Hot Biosphere : The Myth of Fossil Fuels
What other findings do we have that might add further confirmation?
There is some other work done in Sweden. When Gold proposed this theory
in the early 1980s, few scientists took him seriously. However, he did
persuade the Swedish State Power Board to drill into a slab of granite
fractured by an ancient meteor impact. Since oil is supposed to be
found only in sedimentary rocks, it was a good test of Gold's theory.
If gas is coming up from deep in the Earth, it might be expected to
accumulate beneath the dense granite cap, and migrate slowly up through
any fissures, perhaps turning into oil or tar. In the event, the
prospectors did strike oil - about 12 tons of it. This was not enough
to make the well commercially successful, but it did confirm that Gold
was on to something.
It was not the Swedish oil that proved the most significant discovery
though. Mixed in with the sludge at the bottom of the well, at a depth
of over 6 km, was a large quantity of magnetite - a reduced form of
iron oxide often associated with bacterial activity. After further
investigation, Gold announced to the world that life exists not only on
the surface of our planet but, in microbial form, deep inside the crust
too. Ah but that is not all.
There seem to be more than a few oil wells in the world that refuse to
run dry. Mystery in the Gulf
In 1973 oil was discovered in the Gulf of Mexico approximately 80 miles
south of Louisiana known as Eugene Island 330. Producing 15,000 barrels
per day, it was thought the well had seen better days when in 1989 its
output dropped to 4,000 barrels per day. In 1990 the production of the
well increased to about 13,000 barrels daily and has held steady.
Although its output has slightly dropped it still refuses to run dry.
Want a Refill - Is That Possible?
Scientist working at the site discovered two important changes in the
oil properties. Its age was was more recent than in previous years and
its temperature was hotter. Using 3-D seismic technology scientist
found a deep fault at the bottom of the well. What they saw startled,
intrigued, and forced them to rethink the origins of oil. What they
clearly saw was a deep fault gushing oil and refilling the well. There
was no debate about it.
Mystery in the Mideast and Elsewhere
It's been said that the Mideast oil was a finite resource and could
last 40 or 50 years at best. Yet over the past 25 years, reserves have
more than doubled. With no new wells geologist have been hard pressed
to explain why and it appears there is no end in sight. These fields
have been methodically exploited since the first gusher was discovered.
Today, OPEC is pumping over 30 million barrels of oil per day.
Cook Island in the Gulf of Mexico and oil fields in Uzbekistan are
other examples of wells that refuse to dry out. Many wells around the
world are refilling.Peak oil? I dunno. Maybe not.
And then there is the biology of the Gulf of Mexico. We hear a lot
about killer oil spills. But what if oil is life? Here is an article
about all the oil seeping out of the gulf of Mexico. The discovery of
abundant life where scientists expected a deserted seafloor also
suggested that the seeps are a long-duration phenomenon. Indeed, the
clams are thought to be about 100 years old, and the tube worms may
live as long as 600 years, or more, Kennicutt said.
The surprises kept pouring in as the researchers explored further and
in more detail using research submarines. In some areas, the
methane-metabolizing organisms even build up structures that resemble
coral reefs.
It has long been known by geologists and oil industry workers that
seeps exist. In Southern California, for example, there are seeps near
Santa Barbara, at a geologic feature called Coal Oil Point. And,
Roberts said, it?s clear that "the Gulf of Mexico leaks like a sieve.
You can?t take a submarine dive without running into an oil or gas
seep. And on a calm day, you can?t take a boat ride without seeing
gigantic oil slicks" on the sea surface.
Roberts added that natural seepage in places like the Gulf of
Mexico "far exceeds anything that gets spilled" by oil tankers and
other sources.
"The results of this have been a big surprise for me," said Whelan. "I
never would have expected that the gas is moving up so quickly and what
a huge effect it has on the whole system."
Although the oil industry hasn?t shown great enthusiasm for the idea --
arguing that the upward migration is too slow and too uncommon to do
much good -- the search for new oil and gas supplies already has been
affected, Whelan and Kennicutt said. Now, companies scan the sea
surface for signs of oil slicks that might point to new deposits. Well
what do you know. Look for an oil slick, find oil.
If you do some searching around on your favorite search engine you can
find lots more of this stuff. Which made me think of the Firesign
Theater Album: Everything You Know Is Wrong.
Peak oil? Probably more like peak hysteria. Well it used to sell
newspapers. Today? Not so much.
Cross Posted at Classical Values
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Power and Control using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-02 15:52:35
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Policies on Drugs, 
How not to be naive about open standards...is the EU scrapping
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Policies on Drugs, Open
Standards and Web Accessibility via UK Web Focus by Brian Kelly (UK Web
Focus) on 11/2/09
Over the weekend we?ve been hearing about the squabbles between the
Government and the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs. Professor
David Nutt, chairman of the Advisory Council, argued that cannabis was
less harmful than alcohol and tobacco and that it was upgraded by the
Government to Class B against the council?s advice ? for political
reasons. In response, as described on the BCC News, the Home Secretary
?Johnson defends drugs row sacking? saying that Professor David Nutt
went against a long established principle by straying into politics.
An example of a political expediency taking precedence over evidence,
surely? After all, we can predict the headlines in papers such as the
Daily Mail if the Advisory Council?s recommendations had been accepted
by the government.
But if we feel that evidence and the need to acknowledge the
accompanying complexities should outweigh an approach based on simple
slogans would such an approach also be used in the context of IT
development work?
This thought came to me earlier today after reading a tweet from
Wilbert Kraan which stated
?RT  EU wants to get rid of open standards:
 (via  Leaked draft:
 The accompanying blog post , headlined ?EC wil af van open standaarden?
?De Europese Commissie schrapt in stilte open standaarden voor
interoperabiliteit. Het draait nog slechts om ?open specificaties?,
waarbij patenten en betaalde licenties geen taboe meer zijn.?
Friends on Twitter have responded to my request for a translation and
suggest that the post on?The European Commission silently scraps
interoperability standards? begins with the view that:
?The EU has quietly changed its view on open standards and no longer
sees patents and paid licensing as taboos?
The EU has changed its mind on open standards? That sound intriguing!
So I?ve skimmed though the ?European Interoperability Framework for
European Public Services (version 2.0)? document (PDF file) ? which, I
should add, is clearly labelled as a work in progress.
This report is of interest to me as I recently gave a talk at the ILI
2009 conference entitled ?Standards Are Like Sausages: Exploiting the
Potential of Open Standards?. In the talk I described how my early work
in promoting open standards (which date back to my contributions to the
eLib Standards document back in 1995) can, in retrospect, be seen to be
naive. Over the years I have found myself recommending open standards,
especially those developed by the W3C, which have failed to gain
significant acceptance in the market place. And, just as, the Daily
Mail knows it is safe to promote a zero tolerance approach to drugs to
its core audience, I was also aware that promoting open standards is a
safe thing to do in a public sector IT development context. But over
the years I have begun to realise that such recommendations need to be
informed by evidence ? and if the evidence is lacking there may be a
need for a more refined approach, rather than a continuation of the
?One final push? approach.
These views also apply in the context of Web accessibility. I have
argued for several years that an approach based solely on technical
conformance with a set of accessibility standards, which fails to
acknowledge the diversity of use cases, definitions of accessibility,
limitations of relevant tools available in the market place and the
resource implications of conforming with such flawed approaches, is the
wrong approach to take.
In light of this I was very interested in what the EU?s draft document
on the European Interoperability Framework for European Public Services
had to say.
What did I find in this document about the European Interoperability
Framework (EIF) which aims to promote and support the delivery:
1.5.1 The Political and Historical Context of Interoperability in the
EU:: I welcome the section which acknowledges that political and
historical issues have a significant role to play in enhancing the
delivery of interoperable services.
2.2 Underlying Principle 1: Subsidiarity and Proportionality. This
section goes on to add that ?The subsidiarity principle implies that EU
decisions are taken as closely as possible to the citizen. In other
words, the Union does not take action unless EU action is more
effective than action taken at national, regional or local level?. It
the context of IT services, I see this as endorsing a user-focussed
approach to development work, rather than the centralised imposition of
solutions. Section 2.3 Underlying Principle 2: User Centricity
reinforces this approach.
2.4 Underlying Principle 3: Inclusion and Accessibility. This section
goes on to add that ?Inclusion aims to take full advantage of
opportunities offered by new technologies to overcome social and
economic disadvantages and exclusion. Accessibility aims at ensuring
people with disabilities and the elderly access to public services so
they can experience the same service levels as all other citizens.?
We then read that ?Inclusion and accessibility usually encompass
multichannel delivery. Traditional service delivery channels may need
to co-exist with new channels established using technology, giving
citizens a choice of access.? Hurray ? we?re moving away from the WAI
perspective that suggests that all Web resources must be universally
accessible to all, to an inclusive approach which endorses a diversity
of delivery channels!
2.10 Underlying Principle 9: Openness. This section goes on to add that
?openness is the willingness of persons, organisations or other members
of a community of interest to share knowledge and to stimulate debate
within that community of interest, having as ultimate goal the
advancement of knowledge and the use thereof to solve relevant
problems. In that sense, openness leads to considerable gains in
efficiency.? I?m pleased to see this emphasis on the benefits of
openness of content and engagement endorsed in the document.
This section than states that:
Interoperability involves the sharing of information and knowledge
between organisations, hence implies a certain degree of openness.
There are varying degrees of openness.
Specifications, software and software development methods that promote
collaboration and the results of which can freely be accessed, reused
and shared are considered open and lie at one end of the spectrum while
non-documented, proprietary specifications, proprietary software and
the reluctance or resistance to reuse solutions, i.e. the ?not invented
here? syndrome, lie at the other end.
The spectrum of approaches that lies between these two extremes can be
called the openness continuum.
We are seeing an appreciation of complexities and a ?spectrum of
approaches [to openness]? rather than a binary division which is
promoted by hardliners.
2.12 Underlying Principle 11: Technological Neutrality and
Adaptability. This principle leads to ?Recommendation 7. Public
administration should not impose any specific technological solution on
citizens, businesses and other administrations wh n establishing
European Public Services.? Having acknowledged the needs to be
user-centric and to encourage openness, whilst recognised that there
may be a spectrum of approaches which need to be taken, the document
spells out the implications that specific technical solutions should
not be imposed.
Chapter 4 of the document introduces four Interoperability Levels, as
Although not depicted in the diagram for me this indicates the team for
the technical discussions and decisions about interoperability need to
be formed within the context of political, legal, organisation, and
semantic considerations. Surely self-evident when stated like this, but
not when we hear mantras such as ?interoperability through open
standards? being promoted at a policy level which can lead to
discussions taking place in which other considerations can become
Has the ?EU quietly changed its view on open standards and no longer
sees patents and paid licensing as taboos?. Or might we suggest that
the ?The EU is now taking a pragmatic approach to the relevance of
standards in ICT development. It now feels that the technical
considerations need to be placed in a wider context??
Posted in standards
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to UK Web Focus using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-03 19:46:24
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The dynamics of social inequality. 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The dynamics of social
inequality. via Deric Bownds' MindBlog by mdbownds at wisc.edu (Deric
Bownds) on 11/3/09
Borgerhoff Mulder et al. show that wealth inequality in 21 historical
and contemporary "small-scale societies" is determined by the
intergenerational transmission of different types of assets. From the
editor's summary:
Wealthy contemporary societies exhibit varying extents of economic
inequality, with the Nordic countries being relatively egalitarian,
whereas there is a much larger gap between top and bottom in the United
States. Borgerhoff Mulder et al. build a bare-bones model describing
the intergenerational transmission of three different types of
wealth?based on social networks, land and livestock, and physical and
cognitive capacity?in four types of small-scale societies in which
livelihoods depended primarily on hunting, herding, farming, or
horticulture. Parameter estimates from a large-scale analysis of
historical and ethnographic data were added to the model to reveal that
the four types of societies display distinctive patterns of wealth
transmission and that these patterns are associated with different
extents of inequality.Here is the article abstract:
Small-scale human societies range from foraging bands with a strong
egalitarian ethos to more economically stratified agrarian and pastoral
societies. We explain this variation in inequality using a dynamic
model in which a population?s long-run steady-state level of inequality
depends on the extent to which its most important forms of wealth are
transmitted within families across generations. We estimate the degree
of intergenerational transmission of three different types of wealth
(material, embodied, and relational), as well as the extent of wealth
inequality in 21 historical and contemporary populations. We show that
intergenerational transmission of wealth and wealth inequality are
substantial among pastoral and small-scale agricultural societies (on a
par with or even exceeding the most unequal modern industrial
economies) but are limited among horticultural and foraging peoples
(equivalent to the most egalitarian of modern industrial populations).
Differences in the technology by which a people derive their livelihood
and in the institutions and norms making up the economic system jointly
contribute to this pattern.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Deric Bownds' MindBlog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-04 10:31:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Architecture Network 
An open physical (buildings) design collaboration group...

@_date: 2009-11-04 11:19:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The psychopath as peer? (redirecting to other 
I think Twitter solves a lot of these questions, but persistence is an issue
there.  Stan's desire for brevity and links is certainly solved by Twitter.
I agree blogs are the place for bulk.  Even something like the mini-blog
tools allows someone to say as much as they like without much noise.
Research lists of this sort, and Nings for that matter, appear obsolete.
RSS is even largely replaced by Twitter though I still like my reader.
People like Robert Scoble are claiming Twitter makes RSS meaningless.
A lot of people dislike services provided by corporations for political
reasons.  That view hurts others seeking reasonable efficiencies in my view,
but it is certainly anyone's right to hurt others' efficiencies...for
example, it is now clear to me that Google Mail is superior to any and all
competitors...and yet people choose to not use it.  Why?  Who can say.
Politics I assume.  Why does Yahoo or Bing exist?  No one can find them
superior.  But one might just as well ask why Chryslers, airbuses, etc.
exist.  Inferior products will always have political reasons for
existing.  That's another reason why capitalism really isn't capitalism at
all, but corporatism...and P2P is as corporatist in its own way as for
profit is.
On Wed, Nov 4, 2009 at 8:00 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-11-04 18:51:21
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Algae Mines 
Mines that sequester heavy metals, potentially produce bio-fuels, and
use minimal resources...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Algae Mines via Neatorama by
Marilyn Terrell on 11/3/09
Here?s another story about abandoned man-made structures, but this one
may have a happy ending.
Instead of using aboveground ponds to grow algae for biofuels,
researchers at the Missouri University of Science and Technology have
proposed growing algae underground in abandoned mines. What are the
advantages? Underground mines are cheap, maintain constant temperature,
solve the aboveground evaporation and contamination problems, and the
site preparation has already been done by the mining companies.
But don?t algae need sunlight to grow? Not necessarily, says mining
engineering professor David Summers.
It happens that algae work best when they use only the blue and red
parts of the light spectrum, which can be provided by LED lights, and
they need periods of darkness in which to process the photons.
An added benefit: Mine owners like the idea because it eliminates the
need for them to clean up the sites, as algae are particularly good at
sequestering metals.
Win + win + win? I guess we?ll find out.
More information at Scientific American.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Neatorama using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-05 11:30:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Artificial Scarcity Is Subject To Massive 
I actually thought this comment by Reasons...clearly a smart guy...was even
more interesting...
 The glass is twice the size it needs to be...
by [image: icon] Eric Reasons Thanks for the link and the kind words. You're absolutely right that I
didn't focus on the *opportunity* side in that post, but I definitely see it
as being there. "Deflation" is a value-neutral concept, and it has it's
advantages, particularly in this economy.
Let me clarify a bit. I believe that this efficiency will make the economic
markets they affect "shrink" in terms of economy and capital. It doesn't
mean that the number of variation of the products available will shrink,
just the capital involved.
Innovative deflation lets $100 Million at Craigslist undercut $100 Billion
dollars that used to service the same thing in newsprint. We're getting
better and more varied services and products (especially in intellectual
property) for much cheaper, but it's also costing lots and lots of jobs
without replacing them, taking money out of the economy.
My big fear is that a "knowledge economy" is being touted as our obvious
salvation, but much of what a knowledge economy brings in with it may be
prove terribly difficult to monetize in the long run, at the same time that
this efficiency is driving out employment in traditional markets without
replacing it.
As I wrote in a related
Couldn't we take advantage of this deflation to help cushion the blow of
falling wages? How much of our income is dedicated to intellectual property,
and its derived products? If wages decrease at the same time as
cost-of-living decreases, are we really that bad off? Deflation moves in
both directions, as it were.
Hours will be cut. Wages will fall. So too will the cost of living fall as
these efficiencies are passed on the consumer. The balance between these two
forces will be the key to determining how painful the transition is.
Thanks again for the link and the discussion.
On Thu, Nov 5, 2009 at 7:45 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-11-05 11:35:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new politics in the uk? 
Great article.  Really insightful.  One of the best analyses I have seen.
Madeleine Bunting must be quite the thinker.

@_date: 2009-11-05 14:31:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Artificial Scarcity Is Subject To Massive 
On Thu, Nov 5, 2009 at 1:59 PM, Kevin Carson <
services--restaurant food for instance--but I even begin to see how that
could wane.  But the point is clearly taken on stuff.  There is a clear
moral shift on climate change that is also impacting this discussion.  It is
no longer fashionable to be a conspicuous consumer.
The way I thought this would work has been tied to technology acceleration.
I've always wondered...what happens when you build the best possible diesel
locomotive and then start finding ways to make it cheaper and cheaper.  In a
sense, the IP can go on for a while, but the relative value of the IP is the
question.  The marginal value (utility) of IP is clearly falling as
technology accelerates.
It is difficult to build a better X now, and the rent value of an X (say an
email system) will fall over time as technology improves in related
domains.  It begins to become an interesting question to ask what if all
corporate information services came from Google?  Would that be a license
for corruption or the advent of the free economy?  Leading pundits are
saying both things.
Personally I cannot reconcile the IP world's obvious changes with changes to
the service world.  I suppose robotics makes that leap.  What is the value
of a French restaurant if my robot cooks a perfect French meal on
demand--after going shopping for the necessary ingredients at the optimal
As a recent strong skeptic, I am prepared to say something is definitely
afoot and that it is accelerating.  I didn't see the beginnings of it as
many here did, but I am clearly impressed that the outlines of the thing
people here have been calling "post-scarcity" is starting to take real
shape.  For the first time in some years, a logical economic progression
toward something is beginning to emerge in my own mind...the last time this
happened was about 1984 when the first Macintoshes fell into my hands and I
realized computing was going to become ubiquitous and commonplace.  Now with
that obviously in hand some 25 years later, I can now see a path to widely
deployed post-scarcity 25 years from now.  I share strongly the balance
concern that Reasons cited about value decay of productivity versus market
force needs.  It could still end very badly.  Maybe today I am less
pessimistic though.

@_date: 2009-11-05 18:48:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Artificial Scarcity Is Subject To Massive 
On Thu, Nov 5, 2009 at 5:58 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <
Maybe this is the crux.  In classical economic terms, abundance theorists
are suggesting a much harsher definition (and presumably a strong sanction
against) rent seeking.
In capitalism, rent seeking is often prohibited but often allowed.  Post
abundance people seem to want to either make it irrelevant (weak abundance
theorists) or make it proscribed (strong abundance theorists).
Rent seeking is not profit seeking, of course.

@_date: 2009-11-06 00:26:41
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Solar energy and the artificial leaf 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Solar energy and the artificial
leaf via David Kirkpatrick by davidkirkpatrick on 11/5/09
Very interesting solar breakthrough, or near to it at least. Plus more
on the state of the solar industry.
The release:
Chemists describe solar energy progress and challenges, including the
?artificial leaf?
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5, 2009 ? Scientists are making progress toward
development of an ?artificial leaf? that mimics a real leaf?s chemical
magic with photosynthesis ? but instead converts sunlight and water
into a liquid fuel such as methanol for cars and trucks. That is among
the conclusions in a newly-available report from top authorities on
solar energy who met at the 1st Annual Chemical Sciences and Society
Symposium. The gathering launched a new effort to initiate
international cooperation and innovative thinking on the global energy
The three-day symposium, which took place in Germany this past summer,
included 30 chemists from China, Germany, Japan, the United Kingdom and
the United States. It was organized through a joint effort of the
science and technology funding agencies and chemical societies of each
country, including the U. S. National Science Foundation and the
American Chemical Society (ACS), the world?s largest scientific
society. The symposium series was initiated though the ACS Committee on
International Activities in order to offer a unique forum whereby
global challenges could be tackled in an open, discussion-based
setting, fostering innovative solutions to some of the world?s most
daunting challenges.
A ?white paper? entitled ?Powering the World with Sunlight,? describes
highlights of the symposium and is available along with related
materials here.
?The sun provides more energy to the Earth in an hour than the world
consumes in a year,? the report states. ?Compare that single hour to
the one million years required for the Earth to accumulate the same
amount of energy in the form of fossil fuels. Fossil fuels are not a
sustainable resource, and we must break our dependence on them. Solar
power is among the most promising alternatives.?
The symposium focused on four main topics:
- Mimicking photosynthesis using synthetic materials such as the
?artificial leaf?
- Production and use of biofuels as a form of stored solar energy
- Developing innovative, more efficient solar cells
- Storage and distribution of solar energy
The scientists pointed out during the meeting that plants use solar
energy when they capture and convert sunlight into chemical fuel
through photosynthesis. The process involves the conversion of water
and carbon dioxide into sugars as well as oxygen and hydrogen.
Scientists have been successful in mimicking this fuel-making process,
termed artificial photosynthesis, but now must finds ways of doing so
in ways that can be used commercially. Participants described progress
toward this goal and the scientific challenges that must be met before
solar can be a viable alternative to fossil fuels.
Highlights of the symposium include a talk by Kazunari Domen, Ph.D., of
the University of Tokyo in Japan. Domen described current research on
developing more efficient and affordable catalysts for producing
hydrogen using a new water-splitting technology called ?photocatalytic
overall water splitting.? The technology uses light-activated
nanoparticles, each 1/50,000 the width of a human hair, to convert
water to hydrogen. This technique is more efficient and less expensive
than current technologies, he said.
Domen noted that the ultimate goal of artificial photosynthesis is to
produce a liquid fuel, such as methanol, or ?wood alcohol.? Achieving
this goal would fulfil the vision of creating an ?artificial leaf? that
not only splits water but uses the reaction products to create a more
usable fuel, similar to what leaves do.
Among the ?take-home messages? cited in the report:
- There?s no single best solution to the energy problem. Scientists
must seek more affordable, sustainable solutions to the global energy
challenge by considering all the options.
- Investing in chemistry is investing in the future. Strong basic
research is fundamental to realizing the potential of solar energy and
making it affordable for large-scale use.
- Society needs a new generation of ?energy scientists? to explore new
ways to capture, convert, and store solar energy.
?The meeting was an experiment worth trying,? said Teruto Ohta,
executive director of the Chemical Society of Japan.
Conference organizers expressed hope that the symposium will be the
first of several to tackle ?the global challenges of the 21st century
and the indispensible role that the chemical sciences play in
addressing these issues,? said Klaus Mullen, president of the German
Chemistry Association.
?Building on the success of this first symposium, we?re now gearing up
for the future, convening top chemical scientists to address other,
equally pressing global challenges,? said Julie Callahan of the ACS
Office of International Activities and principal investigator on the
project. ?It is an exciting time to be a chemist!?
The American Chemical Society is a nonprofit organization chartered by
the U.S. Congress. With more than 154,000 members, ACS is the world?s
largest scientific society and a global leader in providing access to
chemistry-related research through its multiple databases,
peer-reviewed journals and scientific conferences. Its main offices are
in Washington, D.C., and Columbus, Ohio.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to David Kirkpatrick using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-06 00:38:42
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Minnesota Studies in Philosophy of Science 
Stephen Downes points to this blog...which notes the great articles
available now for free to all...excellent stuff.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Minnesota Studies in Philosophy
of Science via It's Only A Theory by Eric Schliesser on 11/4/09
volumes 1-14 of Minnesota Studies in Philosophy of Science are now
available online and for free here; this is very cool.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to It's Only A Theory using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-06 00:43:30
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Higher Educational Bubble Continues to Grow 
Stephen...on the mark as usual.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Higher Educational Bubble
Continues to Grow via Stephen's Web ~ OLDaily on 11/5/09
Higher education, writes Karl Kapp, is in the grip of a bubble. The
- core mission and fundamentals are ignored
- disproportionate compensation at the highest levels
- product value doesn't match marketplace expectations
- prices are manipulated without regard to market supply and demand
- perception of exclusivity
- a delusion that "this market is different"
I have long affirmed that such a crisis is coming and that it would
arrive very suddenly after being years in the making. It is now very
close - within a matter of months. 2010 some time, maybe (at the
outside) 2011, at least in North America. Funding will dry up, there
will be significant staff reductions, institutions will merge or close,
and administrators will be desperate for alternatives. Not just in
education, but education will be very hard hit, and at all levels.
Related: the New York Times on public universities. As Leiter
notes, "The Neoliberal Paradigm in Higher Education has been preparing
the demise of 'public' research universities for 25 years now. Those
that become de facto privates like Michigan will survive as major
research universities, and those that don't will see their former
excellence gradually erode--unless, of course, there is some dramatic
transformation in the economic and political culture." Just saying...
Also related: We must... - "a call to action to create the university
of the future - Here are five tasks prioritised las month at a "create
the university of the future" meeting sponsored by the Open University
of Catalonia and the US based and led New Media Consortium, and
attended by "forty leaders in open education and technology" Barcelona.
Karl Kapp, Kapp Notes, November 5, 2009 [Tags: none] [Link] [Comment]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Stephen's Web ~ OLDaily using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-06 06:48:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Wouldn't it be immoral for people who believe in P2P to take money from tax
payers who are mostly the selfish rich and corporations?

@_date: 2009-11-06 07:55:57
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Paupered Chef 
More on living cheaply...food, alcohol, etc. Homemade hard cider, etc.

@_date: 2009-11-06 08:10:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Of course all morality is subjective.  I suppose murder can be justified by
an individual.  In the end, we decide how much normative factors move us.
"Human rights" are often laughed at by despots who say they are irrelevant
to them.
But it seems odd to hate corporations, hate the rich, hate power, and then
to take resources from the same quite willingly.  It seems to me that
government support seriously compromises the wing of P2P that tends to
despise wealth, profit and power.
I work for government and am a great believer.  So I find it ethical for
myself.  I find it deeply unethical for those who taunt the market to take
government resources in a market system.

@_date: 2009-11-06 08:25:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Hi Kevin:
I agree that if one finds the market dirty, there is no clean money
associated with government in a market system.  So why would one take it?
Lesser of two evils?  Hard to be moral and try to lead a P2P life (which I
assume is more morality driven than chosen for ease) and then take
government money.
Saying that culture gets built this way seems hypocritical to me.  If you
are against the system, being suckled by it seems flawed.  A true P2P
anti-market mentality would have to morally reject government funding in my
view.  Else, a person clearly commits theft...taking property from others
without moral license...that seems a fundamental tenet of a P2P morality.

@_date: 2009-11-06 09:05:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Higher Educational Bubble Continues to Grow 
Division of labor is an odd concept under P2P economics.  The fundamentalist
P2Pers tend to focus on individual autonomy...self does most or all.  One of
the best justifications for division of labor is profit.  We specialize to
achieve efficiency.  But under P2P, efficiency is less important than the
commons.  So, we go back to something like autonomous frontier
If pleasurists or ludists drive the discussion, I suppose specialization
could arise from fascination.  But it is hard to find anyone who is truly
fascinated and interested in something enough to do it continually.  If
robots did all, then I suppose it doesn't matter.  But in the reality until
that time, how does division of labor unfold or collapse without markets?
And if markets are used, how does P2P stay wholesome?

@_date: 2009-11-06 14:16:52
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Amory_Lovins_vs=2E_Stewart_Brand_-_Part_?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Amory Lovins vs. Stewart Brand
- Part One (The ?Land Footprint Myth?) via NEI Nuclear Notes by David
Bradish on 11/6/09
Three weeks ago Mr. Amory Lovins released a very pointed critique of
Stewart Brand?s chapter on nuclear in Brand?s new book, Whole Earth
Discipline. After reading both Brand?s and Lovins? pieces, I understood
why Lovins was so critical of Brand. It was because Brand was quite
critical of Lovins in his book (p. 99):In early 2009, in Ambio
magazine, Amory Lovins declared: ?Nuclear power is continuing its
decades-long collapse in the global marketplace because it?s grossly
uncompetitive, unneeded, and obsolete.?
How can someone [Lovins] so smart be so wrong about a subject he knows
so well? [Emphasis added]Ouch. It?s now clear to us why Mr. Lovins came
out with his critique of Brand when he did.
Over the past couple of weeks, we?ve been able to digest Mr. Lovins?
latest claims in his new study (pdf) and have generated quite a few
thoughts to share. In Lovins? response to Brand?s chapter on nuclear,
Lovins takes Brand to task on four issues he believes are myths about
nuclear: baseload energy, land footprint, the need for all options, and
the role of government. Because there is a lot to discuss about each
topic, we?re going to present blogposts addressing each of the myths to
show how Lovins? latest critique is nothing more than the usual
cherry-picked junk that we?ve always seen from Lovins.
Lovins? supposed ?footprint myth?
One issue the Lovins clan has with Brand is the claim that wind and
solar generating facilities need a tremendous amount of land to produce
the same amount of electricity as nuclear plants. Here?s the quote from
Brand (p. 81):As for footprint, Gwyneth Cravens points out that ?A
nuclear plant producing 1,000 megawatts takes up a third of a square
mile. A wind farm would have to cover over 200 square miles to obtain
the same result, and a solar array over 50 square miles.?Here?s what
the Lovins study says in response after making their own calculations
(p. 16):windpower is far less land-intensive than nuclear power;
photovoltaics spread across land comparable to nuclear if mounted on
the ground in average U.S. sites, but much or most of that land (shown
in the table) can be shared with lifestock or wildlife, and PVs use no
land if mounted on structures, as ~90% now are. Brand?s ?footprint? is
thus the opposite of what he claims.When comparing land footprints
among the three technologies, the Lovins study used a total nuclear
lifecycle footprint of 119 square meters/GWh from a study written by
two national lab scientists (Fthenakis and Kim). As usual, the new
Lovins study cherry-picked only one chart from F&K?s study and that was
a chart showing the amount of land nuclear plants need during the
entire life cycle of a nuclear energy facility (mining, power plant,
etc.). F&K?s study, however, didn?t just look at nuclear, they also
showed the amount of land needed for the life cycle of all other
technologies. Below is the chart:
As can be seen from the chart highlighted in red, nuclear?s life cycle
land use requirements come in several orders of magnitude lower than
wind?s and solar?s. Yet this chart and the study?s conclusions are
ignored in Lovins? paper and only the number for nuclear is used.
As well, if we continue to use the 119 square meters/GWh land use for
nuclear, other studies cited in the Lovins paper also show nuclear uses
much less land than wind and solar. Below is a chart from the source
the Lovins study uses for its solar number (pdf). Even using the lowest
range of land needed per year from the last column shows that solar
needs at least 42 times and wind needs more than 1,100 times the amount
of land as a nuclear plant.
For wind?s footprint, the Lovins study cited ?the Bush Administration?s
20% Wind Energy by 2030? study but again cherry-picked the data to
support its claims. Here?s the full paragraph from the wind study (pdf)
of which only the last half was mentioned in the Lovins study (p.
110-111):Wind development also requires large areas of land, but the
land is used very differently. The 20% Wind Scenario (305 GW) estimates
that in the United States, about 50,000 square kilometers (km2) would
be required for land-based projects and more than 11,000 km2 would be
needed for offshore projects. However, the footprint of land that will
actually be disturbed for wind development projects under the 20% Wind
Scenario ranges from 2% to 5% of the total amount (representing land
needed for the turbines and related infrastructure). Thus the amount of
land to be disturbed by wind development under the 20% Wind Scenario is
only 1,000 to 2,500 km2 (100,000 to 250,000 hectares)?So, for 305 GW of
wind, the required area of land is estimated to be 50,000 square
kilometers or 19,300 square miles. Dividing 19,300 by 305 GW, we find
that a wind farm requires 63 square miles of space per GW. If we
multiply that area by three to account for wind?s 30% capacity factor
compared to nuclear?s 90%, we find that a wind farm requires nearly 200
square miles of land ?to obtain the same result as a [1,000 MW] nuclear
plant.? Close to what Brand and Cravens said.
Yes, the actual land ?disturbed? by a wind turbine is only 2-5% of
that, however, a wind turbine needs a huge amount of open area to
produce meaningful quantities of electricity. This requirement can?t be
ignored, even though Lovins calls it ?erroneous,? else wind turbines
would be stacked right next to each other. It would be disingenuous to
tell the Iowa farmers that a wind farm doesn?t take up much land when
all they need to do is walk outside their homes and see their entire
horizon blanketed by turbines.
Further, on closer look at Lovins? sources, cherry-picking again
appears. On pages 13 and 14, Lovins cites a study written by Spitzley &
Keoleian (pdf) which Lovins picks a few convenient nuclear numbers and
ignores the rest. Yet those authors also wrote a study analyzing all
technologies, not just nuclear. Below is a picture of S&K?s page 31,
which shows the amount of land needed for all technologies. Highlighted
in red are the numbers that show nuclear uses much less land than wind
and solar.
Three sources cited in the Lovins study concluded that nuclear uses
much less land than solar and wind. Clearly, the authors of those
studies consider the open areas between wind turbines and the large
arrays for solar plants a requirement to function. Yet the Lovins study
clearly manipulated the numbers from those sources to fit its own
beliefs. Thus, it?s not Brand and Cravens who believe in a land
footprint ?myth?, it?s Mr. Lovins.
Stay tuned as we?ll get into what qualifies as baseload energy.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to NEI Nuclear Notes using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-06 10:53:41
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Hi Michel,
It is certainly not the case in the United States where most taxes are paid
by the rich both in dollar terms and in percentage terms.  It's not
controversial and readily discoverable.  I recommend the CBO numbers.
I think we'd have to agree to disagree on exploitation and value
extraction.  But I don't see where that is the point.
The point is that P2P folks often rail against the market, the system, and
the government.  Why then would they be funded by it?

@_date: 2009-11-06 11:58:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Hi Michel,
On the one hand you claim that power extracts wealth from those who
rightfully earn it.  On the other, you claim from each according to his
ability to each according to his need.  How are these different?  It would
be a strange worldview that saw them not as not both focused on taking
something from someone else by power.  That is not P2P.
I have no problem with someone saying they are a communist and working for
the state.  That is logical.  But to say one is for P2P and that one works
with and for the state (or willingly takes its assets) is, to me, absurd.
It negates the very idea.  One cannot possibly be a communist (or a
capitalist) or neoliberal, if you prefer, though that term seems
intentionally acrimonious while being largely non-descriptive (I know of no
person who calls themselves a neoliberal though I know many economists and
capitalists--like Robert Reich), while being formally for P2P. One cannot be
for P2P in any strong sense and be conventional in political philosophical
P2P does not allow for a politics of redistribution as I understand it.
Why/how should it? Sharing is not redistribution...it is self driven, hence
the threat of a tragedy of the commons.
As an aside, capital gains is income from wealth already taxes as work after
it is invested.  It is an additional tax.  Again, not controversial for
anyone in the fields of accounting and economics (which admittedly can be
waved off easily in political terms).  But that's my very point.  Those who
wave off such views subscribe to a given (communist/socialist) political
philosophy that people like Kevin and myself reject. I'd sure like to know
how it can be reconciled so I can know whether P2P is actually just a shill
idea for communism.  If it is so, I for one reject it totally. Likewise
others would reject it if it were a shill for capitalism, which, to me, it
clearly is not.
What the problem here is that there is a mixture of politics (usually
socialist/communist) and P2P.  The one major exception is Kevin who seems to
me to be morally consistent over all his posts.  I totally understand and
recognize the consistency and validity of his position because it makes
coherent sense.  I disagree with it, but I understand it as a coherent
moral/political/economic theory.
Spouting anti-market communist ideas on the one hand, and P2P on the other,
does both a disservice in my view.  If a person is a communist, they should
fulfill themselves in communist parties and on the many communist sites.  On
the other hand, if a person is for P2P, I cannot see how they can
consistently reconcile themselves to communist rhetoric.  The two are, so
far as I can tell, wholly incompatible.
I am not trying to be argumentative.  I certainly have no issue with people
being communists.  I do not personally agree with that political/economic
philosophy, but I understand it.  It is coherent.  P2P, it seems to me, runs
great risk at not being what it is because people are being sloppy with its
moral rules.  Either it is a worldview/political philosophy or it isn't very
interesting (to me). Others here have said it is a set of technologies.  I
doubt that personally.  It seems to me it requires a position against
coercion (which makes it inherently not communist) and it requires a moral
commitment to sharing.  It is not inherently inconsistent with capitalism
but it is socially so because it sets the growth of the commons above that
of the individual.

@_date: 2009-11-06 12:19:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Hi Michel:
With regard to income tax, the top 50% in the US pay 97% of taxes.  Here's a
source   (as an aside I disagree
with that organization's policies, but their facts are accurate.)
The top 1% in income pay 40% of all income tax.
Payroll taxes do fall disproportionately on the middle class, but service
use is almost totally per capita (e.g. Medicare.)  The brunt of Medicaid
(medical for the poor) is paid by middle income persons.  Source:
Income tax, in the US, makes up almost 47% of the total revenue.  Thus, 25%
of the government's revenues are paid by the top 1% of income earners.
That's even higher in most European countries and Japan.  It would take me
longer to find those numbers but I have them as I used to teach them in a
budgeting course.  They nearly always surprised my students.
On corporate taxes,

@_date: 2009-11-06 12:40:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Hi Phoebe:
I personally like the idea of guaranteed income as a transition plan.  I see
little difference between the categories you list for justification of such
a system, but I'm sure the authors mentioned go into it at length.  The
Speenhamland System was the basis for a joke on my last name when I was in
grad school.  I never thought I'd encounter it again.  It was
innovative--some would say the first true welfare system.  I'm told by
Nordic folks that they had earlier systems of that sort long predating
English poor laws.  The US didn't really move in this direction as a state
until the Progressive Era.  Typically, the abatement of poverty was more P2P
in the sense that churches handled it.
In general, a true Speenhamland type system (though its implementation was
far from perfect and was typically corrupt) would be a great way to
introduce the sort of robotic utopia that people like Paul F. here envision
occurring over the next 30 years or so.  Personally, I am always interested
in transition systems.  People can see an end point and can agree where we
are, the tough part in my policy discussions is envisioning A-->B.  That is
the major area where I am interested in P2P. I wonder about how systems move
from here to there.  Most here, I think it is fair to say, see a path
through a sort of socialism/communism.  I do not.  Kevin, as I understand
it, sees the evolution of a stateless society--which of course would be
radically different than a communist/socialist system.  People like Paul and
I suppose myself see the evolution of a technocracy/utopia where
institutions dissolve (like Kevin's view) but are replaced by large-scale
thinking networks.

@_date: 2009-11-06 12:42:04
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Yes, apologies.  Kevin inside my notes is Stateless Society Kevin
Carson...my co-list administrator who does more than his share in any
communal sense.

@_date: 2009-11-06 12:53:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
These income skews have become particularly hateful and egregious since
1990--Clinton and Bush admins.  I hadn't seen this, but there is little
doubt that the US system is highly broken and that rich ought to pay more
income.  I agree with that...I am a liberal Democrat...(and democrat) in US
terms.  My politics (and economics) would fall fairly close to a Robert
Reich/Paul Krugman in conventional terms.  On that list, that makes me about
6 standard deviations to the right of center.
But we are talking about burden...not justice.  Justice...that's a whole
different ballgame.   For me, the issue is whether there is P2P economics
and political philosophy.  I am still making up my mind about that while I
try to understand the futurism that gets thrown around here a lot more
thoughtfully here than on most other sites I follow.  I think the
singularity types are interesting but very tech focused.  The transhumanists
in general are comparable.  The social networking types (Cory Doctorow,
TechCrunch etc. are more famous but a step or two behind in my view.)
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 12:46 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-11-06 13:03:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Developing countries falling into 'broadband gap' 
Is there such a thing as open source broadband hardware?

@_date: 2009-11-06 17:32:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Very few people who benefit from taxes ever see them as immoral.  Those who
pay them...another story.  In the end, it is a theory of
compulsion...coercion.  As such, it cannot be reconciled with a strong P2P
mentality in my opinion.  I think Kevin Carson has accurately recognized
that one cannot be for a strong state and P2P.
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 10:22 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-11-06 18:20:24
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Hi Stan,
P2P theory is a mess...in a postmodern sense.
The heat to light ratio is very high right now.  I'm personally looking for
someone to emerge as the clear post-scarcity theorist.  Right now, it is
muddled.  But maybe...  Every few days I think I can make some sense of
it...but it slips away.  It is very difficult to get to a moral philosophy
that aligns with a respectable futurism.
A lot of what is being said is rather tired socialism/communism that simply
won't compel any but those it compels...which is a very small minority.
I like Kevin Carson's stuff because it makes sense.  I don't find it morally
compelling, but it makes sense.
The rest is increasingly just mess.  I'm not sure there is any meaningful
set of topics or discourse...but the times are very difficult and evolving
very fast.  Sensemaking is hard.  Right now I would suggest P2P theory is

@_date: 2009-11-06 18:31:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
What is the desired end for this VC argument?  I simply don't see the point
being made on either side.  Is it me being thick?  What do we want the
answer to be?
What measure is there of innovation that doesn't tie to some economic score
or social value?  Whatever it might be, we must be moving faster than ever
before.  I know of no business persons, economists, scientists or even
artists who do not believe we are in an Age of incredible change.  Most want
to slow it down.  I personally have had several discussions with
scientists--easily had on the web--who say it is moving so fast no one can
be certain of the current.  Whole sets of institutions including academia
seem plausibly in doubt by smart people--Stephen Downes, for example, who we
both respect.  There is obviously a crisis in government...in the arts, in
political and economic philosophy.  Heck, economics is completely in
disarray from the perspective of its own deans.
If innovation is productivity, the economy is again growing in GDP terms.
If it is employment, we would agree there is a great crisis...but employment
has never been much of a measure of innovation, change or transformation.
What outcome do you or J. Andrew want?  Most argue against research
investment by government because it is not economic...which I take to me a
driver of GDP growth.  At some point, there must be a point.  What is it?
I have become confused by what you hope for from VCs.  At some level there
must be a point...get more X or less Y.   The measures and goals tie to
those values.  Without some value parameter at bottom, what is the point?

@_date: 2009-11-06 19:51:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
You make the same point I am trying to make.  First, I would agree Julia
Lane who seems to make the obvious point...which makes this discussion
thread between J Andrew Rogers and Michel hard to make sense of when
Second, it begs the question, what is innovation at all?...Which is your
endpoint as I understand it.  Without an answer to that question, discussing
whether VCs are succeeding or not in advancing it seems impossible.
I think the same holds for P2P, by the way.  Because the political theory of
P2P is increasingly disintegrating, discussing its direction, meaning,
values or purpose is increasingly like discussing whether or not VCs help
innovation.  It is the land of unspecified terms--in short, a mess.  For a
while it looked like P2P was something...now it seems to be melting rapidly
either into conventional socialism or a thread on post-scarcity which is
interesting, but not P2P either.
Innovation theorists so often now turn to Von Hippel at MIT.  I remember
reading his book a few years ago and thinking...what is he even talking
about?  I don't see where we've moved the ball.

@_date: 2009-11-06 20:08:28
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (invention vs. innovation) 
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 7:49 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <
The laws surrounding invention are well established.  They tie fundamentally
to the ideas of property and ownership.  My guess is that if one disputes
the ideas of property and ownership rights, one will not make much sense of
Innovation, by comparison, is a messy term that usually is linked in
economic literatures to productivity improvements.  Output changes may be
influenced by inventions but they may be influenced by other things as
well...better processes for instance, which are generally not
inventions...though they legally may be.
If you are not going to subscribe to economics or law conventions, you've
simply got to define your terms.  Else, no one can make sense of any of it.
Without a theory of market, I have no idea how you measure output changes in
relationship to utility.   The crisis of P2P political theory is that it
doesn't know what it wants to ask for.  Underneath it needs to be happiness
theory (e.g. a Dalai Lama sort of idealism) or utility theory, or equity
theory or something that is a goal set.  Without that, we generate noise in
a dark vacuum to no effect.  What do we want to happen?
VC firms are trying to realize one goal only--economic returns.  A
foundation like the B & M Gates Foundation is striving to solve certain
well-stated problems.  Governments are generally in relatively unclear
businesses...that's why a lot of people don't like them spending money.
Right now, P2P theory is like a government.  No one can be sure it is trying
to do something positive.

@_date: 2009-11-06 20:19:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (history of computer 
Based on what?  What measure can be used to say one sort of research is
"ahead" of another?  Science is either known and applied or it isn't.  There
must be some common aim for something to be compared.  Industries and
universities don't try to build armors that block shaped charges.  So I
would expect government to excel here.  On the other hand, governments don't
try to build really neat small electronic devices that are safe and
dissipate heat really well.  I'd expect Nokia or Samsung to lead here.
What you are suggesting is the prospect of a sort of Nobel Prize in
Engineering.  What would be the determinant of success but impact?
 Engineering is only as successful as it is useful...or has utility...or
makes people happy, healthy, rich, safe, etc.
Science is knowing.  Engineering is impacting.  If you are going to measure
impact, you need some accepted objective or goal set.

@_date: 2009-11-06 22:27:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
I suppose I am totally confused.  Innovation is a means...not an end.
You've got to want innovation to lead to something.
Investment...that's an economic number we can discuss.  Innovation?   It's
an operator...not an outcome.  It so far has no economic standing except as
a possible driver for productivity.
In fact, productivity is climbing extremely rapidly across the globe...as
measured in GDP per work unit.  R&D capital really has had very little to do
with it.  Most of the growth comes from IT, low labor cost units being
rapidly trained (e.g. in China and India), economies of scale and improved
systems.  Is it "innovation" if a guy in Africa gets a cash register in his
store and a cell phone on which he can make supply orders?  It greatly
enhances his productivity.  To me it is just applied
Even still, the simple truth is that the world is not capital constrained
and hasn't been for a long time.  Stimulus efforts are pushing a rope.  The
hope is that by injecting capital into economies that they will be primed
like a pump.  It's not likely.  Demand is not stimulated without
improvements of some sort. Better armies, better banks, better cell phones
only help if they lead to some desired productivity gain or some life
improvement that people will sacrifice for.  Trouble is, most people have
entered into debt to consume other desires (like houses).  There is little
consumer capacity to sacrifice for non-productive gains.  Banks, in short,
don't have economic loans to make.
Having an incrementally better cell phone isn't that great...it's just a
cell phone.  The message of technology has been that marginal utility of
invention is falling...rather fast.  That's the interesting crisis of
economics now.  Intellectual property value is falling...Corry Doctorow and
others have been discussing this for some time...as has Michel.  On the
other hand, productivity is rapidly increasing because basic systems (e.g.
cell phones in Africa) are applied at whole new scales.  It isn't
"innovation" in the sense of a new idea, it is the simple application of
capital.  Soon that will run its course as it has in the developed world.
At that point, the question is...what do people want?  Leisure?  Security?
Most wealth creation in the developed world is on paper...real stuff isn't
made.  Debts expand, others obtain cash...etc.  It isn't like a new factory
has come on line or a new widget is now producing a wudget.
Banks have more cash than ever...their issue is that there are not
investments that can be made that realize economic gains.  Marginal utility
of capital is down because most production is no longer stuff.  It is
services...ideas and the manipulation of ideas to create money.  Wealth now
is not tangible.  Hence the whole post-scarcity discourse on this list.
Somewhere, somehow, someone needs to do something that generates wealth if
capitalism is to work.  Right now, that isn't happening very well.  The
measure of it happening is GDP.  But that's a crude measure.

@_date: 2009-11-06 22:34:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 8:40 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <
Exactly right, Paul.  I think we are saying quite similar things...except
you are adding your futurism to the answers...outcomes you desire and
anticipate others will.  I don't necessarily disagree with those...but the
point is the same on the what question?  What do you want?  Innovation is
not an answer.

@_date: 2009-11-06 22:51:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
Now you are on the key point.  There are few economic investments to be
made.  Here's the rub: Why is that?
What has been insightful on this list and others is that people realize that
we've hit an end state...not a hiatus...but an end state where the marginal
utility of ideas is pretty low.  It's the same with cars.  What makes a car
better to a consumer?  Longer life...safety...maybe a few cheap gizmos...not
things that justify 50K USD every two or three years unless one has money to
piss away.  Think of everything being that way...few opportunities for real
productive output because impacts are limited.  That isn't answered by
"innovation."  There is nothing on which to meaningfully innovate.  At some
point you have to change the game.  That's where guys like Bauwens and
Doctorow are going.  It isn't that technology is slowing...indeed, it is
accelerating.  It is that the marginal utility of those accelerations is
decline very fast.

@_date: 2009-11-06 23:11:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (invention vs. innovation) 
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 10:48 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <
People do selfless things, but it's not the current way economies tend to
work.  People make things for profit.  There may be a few exceptions, but
those really are few--though hopefully growing.
Inventions are almost exclusively (P2P notwithstanding) for profit
ventures.  Even universities turn everything they can into cash flows.
Inventions typically create intellectual property.  Property is a right to
use or not use an asset.  The very discussion of it is the basis, of course,
for P2P.  Communal property (i.e. communism)...and no P2P because no
property rights--people are compelled to a commons.  If you are going to
share...you've got to share something.  The thing is property...even if it
is an idea or a process (like computer code).   No private property, no
sharing...commons yes, but no sharing.  Sharing requires a moral act of
offering.  If a gangster sticks a gun in my face, I am not sharing.  If a
government threatens me with punishments for having property, I am not
sharing it.
Money is a tool. Some people know how to use it well to effect social
Money is capital.  So is a tool.  Money isn't a tool.  A tool is used to
directly assist in improving productivity.  Money can't do that.  It can
only transfer into something that can improve productivity or utility.
Treating it as an end in itself is, I agree, silly.

@_date: 2009-11-07 08:51:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
Hi Paul,
Send me all those imaginary dollars you like.  They spend fine for me.
Money is what people take for goods and services.  Nothing more, nothing
On Sat, Nov 7, 2009 at 12:48 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-11-07 09:11:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] big does not necessarily innovate: the current 
Hi Michel,
The point I was trying to make (and Stan too) is that innovation is ill
defined.  Therefore it is impossible to know what you are talking about.
Innovation is an operator...a cause of something.  It isn't an outcome. That
is, I can't measure innovation separate from its consequences.
As an aside, if big concentrations of wealth slowed growth, then New York,
San Francisco, Singapore and Tokyo would not function as magnets for
talent.  They do so function.  Wealth HAS concentrated in the last 50
years...greatly.  It has urbanized and regionalized.
Indeed poor places fail in large part for lack of talent and useful
interchange.  That was the basis of Paul Krugman's Nobel Prize winning
work.  We know pretty definitively that the best way to become poor is to
isolate yourself socially and economically.
Thus, speaking of innovation without having a theory of desirability (as
expressed in economic growth or by some other means--e.g. energy efficiency)
is, at best, heuristic.  At worst, it is nonsensical.   Where J. Andrew wins
the discussion with you, in my opinion, is that you have not clearly
stipulated the end measure of innovation in a non-market sense.  He didn't
state it in any positive sense either, but the tradition of innovation
thought ties to economic growth.  I suspect you don't see that as the
positive end-point to be sought.
As usual, my point is that P2P has few if any clear goal sets.  Consequently
it tends to borrow goal sets from communism or socialism...which turns off
about 97% of the civilized world.  As a Norwegian said to me the other day
in the Cayman Islands... "You call us socialist?"  "We are far more market
driven than the Cayman Islands!"  Their goal is health, wealth and
well-being for Norwegians.  P2P doesn't have a political goal set.
Therefore it is difficult to say what it is.  I think that lack of
definition is now starting to become destructive to the movement as it
searches for a point.

@_date: 2009-11-07 10:45:14
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 Boundary Statements about P2P and Social Justice 
This is an attempt to define P2P space in terms of a few boundary
statements.  Disagreement is encouraged.
ASSERTION: A strong P2P advocate would affirm all of the following with
minimal qualification:
1. A strong P2P advocate is someone who believes that care, maintenance and
advancement of property commons is a social ideal. A commons is a shared
pool of resources that is protected and used for pursuits that are decided
by the individual so long as they do not adversely impact the other members
of the commons or the common good.
2. A strong P2P advocate wants to minimize central, hub or corporate
interests in the commons and to maximize voluntary individual contributions
and uses.
3. A strong P2P advocate is against any form of compulsion to participate in
any commons.  No one is obligated to share.  Sharing is always voluntary.
In balance, there is a responsibility to attempt to avoid free riding and
use of the commons for selfish purposes without commitment to its further
4. The acceptable status of any social or political system to a strong P2P
advocate is defined by the capacity of such a system to allow for strong P2P
advocacy to exist and thrive.
5. A strong P2P advocate recognizes the right to physical and intellectual
property and physical and intellectual property rights. Such rights do not
extend to the capacity to obviously harm others or the environment for
personal gain.  Disagreements on these points are to be handled through
systems with due process, transparency and peer judgment where possible.
6. A strong P2P advocate believes the collective rights of groups of
individuals to be protected from destructive use of private property rights
is paramount.  However, such judgments must be compellingly weighed through
reasonable systems with due processes met for those who disagree or contend
with such judgments.
7.  The compelling ethos of P2P advances the common good, but respects the
individual and the individual's liberty.
8. The common good is generally understood to entail greater options,
greater access to possibilities and the prospect of living in communities,
environments and ecosystems that allow for health, well-being and the
enjoyment of material wealth.
9. Equal access to opportunities, to fundamental resources (such as those
that decide life or death), to knowledge and the pursuit of truth, and a
generally strong advocacy for a broad interpretation of human rights are all
ideals espoused by a strong P2P advocate.
10. A strong P2P advocate accepts and seeks a future where income generating
work is increasingly unnecessary and where social responsibilities are
nevertheless strong for mutual support, fairness, protection of the commons
and the common good.

@_date: 2009-11-07 16:06:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
There are lots of good blogs and sites on this topic...a favorite topic of
mine as an old AI person...I was technical director in Roger Schank's lab
for a time.
My favorite is   Professor Bownds has a
great book on these very discussion items...world class and current.
Deric's blog is great...he is sensitive to non-scientific analysis and yet
stays with the facts.
Not that my own views matter much, but I tend to sympathize with the
transhumanists and singularists.  We are already at a point now where
bio-chip interconnects are well along.  Adding a chip to your body shouldn't
be that big a deal in 10-20 years.  Plugging in to the Internet will be
common in a quarter century.  Why have a screen if you can think your phone
calls or look up google in your mind.  Deric doesn't speculate on those
things much...he's a facts guy...an old school professor.  Brilliant,
The touch points with P2P are many.  Not least is brain to brain linkage...
I don't share Stan's enthusiasm for formalism nor his respect for coteries
of knowledge...I think lots of learning sparks are ignited by people
chatting about things they know little about.  I've come to respect bodies
of knowledge less and less...as sophisticated as we are, humans still know
comparatively little and I know far too many "scholars" who are, to my view,
charlatans or nearly so...
On the other hand, I am a very poor metaphysicist, personally, and won't
engage on topics that have no basis in reality.  I limit my imaginary
friends to those of my childhood.
Meat is complex...evolution has made it so over a very long time.  It isn't
unique or special--brains have developed in parallel in a number of
species.  Computers are just 60 years old.  In 600 years they will have gone
far beyond meat.  In 100 years they'll have gone far beyond meat.  I don't
see any reason why humans couldn't be downloaded to a machine...it wouldn't
be human, but it would have human thoughts.  These topics are often fraught
with social science mayhem...science studies has a lot of useful (and
useless) things to say on the topic.  Great stuff.  P2P has really got to
tackle cognitive science, learning sciences, knowledge management and lots
of similar topics.  Early days.  Much to be done.

@_date: 2009-11-07 16:27:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
I think J. Andrew Rogers is an interesting addition to the group in that he
particularly tracks smart skeptical capitalists of a technoscience
base...the people who more or less run the world for better or worse. I have
to say that those types probably don't nest much here because they aren't
obviously welcome.  We're a bit of a leftist/hippie sort of group.  I like
that personally, because I've always been a fringe on that coat.  A lot of
people aren't.  All groups make subsets feel at home and others are made to
feel rejected.  Humans need a lot of stroking to stay engaged for long.  We
call that "culture."
There are tons of people out there who are trying hard to know things.  Lots
of differing perspectives.  The blogosphere as a knowledge event is probably
the greatest event since the printing press.  Of course academia has ignored
it...  Knowledge has gone P2P...even we here have ignored it.
If I faulted our list it would be based on diversity.  A lot of people get
worked up when then have encounters that are tense.  Many can't cope with
the sort of tete a tete that is common in the business world or, more
formally, in academia.  Michel has a real zen about not getting people's
hackles up while still making his point.  I've never been good at that.
More often than not I anger people even when I'm not trying.  That has led
to a thick skin rather than a gentle touch.
As universities disintegrate, the role that academics used to command as
polite truth keepers has been shot all to hell.  Now academia is mostly a
place for introverts to get a consistent pay check for thinking.  Profs are
afraid...they know the end times are upon them...but most just want the
status quo to keep going.
As a frequent research on my own medical topics, I now know that the vast
majority of physicians have badly out of date knowledge sets and are going
to google more than most of us.  Medicine is in a bad way...even while it is
doing thousands of things it has never done before. The science management
and the connection to working knowledge is pitiful.  That's one reason that
is now my field...the connect of knowledge to action.  I call that workforce
development.  There are many other names for it...including P2P.

@_date: 2009-11-07 16:43:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
Funny!  Dare I type it...LOL.
The metaphysical types get snarky when their fundamentals get
questioned...with good reason.  Our identities are tied to our fundamental
beliefs...and most people, I suspect even most people on this list, still
rely on metaphysics as their foundations...little different than someone in
1300 or 3300 B.C.
The machine metaphor for humans is now complete with the advent of the field
of synthetic biology--a major new field.  If I were young, I'd be headed in
that direction.  Biology is the computer science of the next 25 years...and
vice versa.
You've got a lot of fundamental stuff people need to cope with in these
times...not least of which is a human-centric model of metaphysics that's a
few thousand years old.  It is hard for the world to realize the stuff in
our heads is just sensemaking...I don't expect to live long enough to see
most humans abandon metaphysics.  It is the ultimate in feel good.
I've know strong catholic professors of organic chemistry at Virginia Tech.
Go figure.  People have an unbelievable ability to reconcile nonsense to
sense.  Science has a hard mission.

@_date: 2009-11-07 17:04:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
Scary as it seems...I think we agree again.  Sort of thought you were a kook
when you first started writing a lot on the list...but now that we agree a
lot...my opinion of you is rather high.  ;)
On Sat, Nov 7, 2009 at 4:54 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-11-07 22:53:44
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Jay Parkinson's Medicine 2.0 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Jay Parkinson's Medicine 2.0
via PopTech Videos: PopCasts on 10/5/09
Dr. Parkinson re-imaginines the doctor/patient relationship, marrying
social networking, IM, video chat, SMS and PayPal with old-fashioned,
doctor-in-your-neighborhood, quality care. Pay a virtual visit to his
Web 2.0 primary care practice, Hello Health, which offers a new way of
keeping people well.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to PopTech Videos: PopCasts using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-08 08:43:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Digital Republic by David Bollier at the Free 
Interesting.  It seems populist and angry rather than constructive and
visioning to me.  That is regrettable.  I hope we are moving toward
something rather than back to something.
It is really hard to envision and choose a future.  I think so many of us
are breaking our heads on those rocks.

@_date: 2009-11-08 17:33:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Red earthquake alert (6.8M, 
Not sure if people are aware of GDACS...which is a UN supported warning
system of earthquakes.  One can be made aware of the worst/largest disasters
nearly as they occur...see below.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
  *Red Earthquake Alert Indonesia*     Summary
On 11/8/2009 7:41:04 PM UTC (about 03:36h local time) an earthquake of
magnitude 6.8 occurred in the highly populated region of Nusa Tenggara Barat
in Indonesia. The nearest populated places are: Bima (18km), Kananta (17km),
Sowa (11km), Nggaronangga (10km). The closest civilian airport is Bima
Potentially affected critical infrastructure:
   - *Nuclear plants*: [None]
   - *Hydrodams*: [None]
   - *Airports*: Tambolaka (136km), Lunyuk (181km), Satartacik (194km), Bima
   (27km), Sumbawa Besar (148km), Komodo (128km)
   - *Ports*: Memboro (155km), Teluk Sape (42km), Labuhanbajo (127km),
   Sumbawa (147km), Bima (17km), Tambora (75km)
Whether international humanitarian aid is needed must be decided by an
expert. However, the following automatically calculated elements can help.
This earthquake has potentially a *high humanitarian impact* and the
affected region has *high vulnerability* to natural disasters.
 Humanitarian Impact    Vulnerability
Event Date Univ. Time: *Sun, 11/8/2009 19:41 UTC* European Time of the
event: Sun, 11/8/2009 20:41 CET (Brussels, Paris, Rome) East America Time of
the event: Sun, 11/8/2009 14:41 EST (New York, Washington) West America Time
of the event: Sun, 11/8/2009 11:41 PST (San Francisco, Los Angeles) East
Asia Time of the event: Mon, 11/9/2009 04:41 JTI (Tokyo)   This email report
was automatically created by a computer at: 11/8/2009 8:11:32 PM UTC (30
minutes after the event)
See the GDACS website  for live news coverage
(including OCHA Situation Reports), the full earthquake
For information on emergency response, please consult the GDACS Virtual
OSOCC .
 Earthquake Event   Characteristics
   - *Source*: European-Mediterranean Seismological Centre (EMSC) M
   - *Magnitude*: 6.8 M
   - *Depth*: 20 km
   - *Location *(Lat/Long): -8.3 | 118.74
   - *Country*: Indonesia
   - *Province*: Nusa Tenggara Barat
   - *Region*: Sumbawa Region, Indonesia
   - *UTC/GMT (Greenwich time)*: 11/8/2009 7:41:04 PM
   - *Estimated local solar time*: 11/9/2009 3:36:02 AM
*Population Density near epicenter (people/km2). Image area: 6x4 decimal
degrees (approx. 650x450km2).*
   Earthquake Impact Details  Potentially affected People
Population Data
 Radius (km) Population Density (people/km?)  1 0  0   2 0  0   5 1040  13
10 9704  30   20 105044  83   50 605316  77   100 887800  28   200 2265520
The population in the area of this earthquake is 77 people/km?.
The earthquake occurred at 3h local time. At this time a day, more people
are at home and therefore more vulnerable to collapsing residential
buildings. During traffic hours, people can be affected by collapsing
bridges and other road infrastructure.
  Resilience and Vulnerability  ECHO Intervention Priority Ranking for
   *Overall situation*  Human Development
Human Poverty
   *Exposure to Major Disasters*
Natural Disasters
   *Humanitarian effects of population movement*  Refugees    Internally
Displaced People    *Health and Nutrition*  Undernourishment    Mortality
rates    *Donor contributions*  Official Development assistance
   Source ECHO
Key: Bad - Medium - Good - No data
Resilience is the capacity of the population to cope with a hazard. Since
much of investments in earthquake preparedness and available funds for quick
response is related to household income, the GDP per capita can be used as a
rough indicator of resilience.
Indonesia has a GDP per capita of 961 PPP$ (Parity Purchasing Power Dollar,
about 1 Euro) and is therefore part of the low level income countries.
Therefore, the earthquake happened in an area of *low resilience*.
Based on the combination of 9 indicators, ECHO attributes Indonesia a *high
   Secondary effects
Probability of secondary effects:
   - * Landslides*: The maximum slope in the area of the earthquake is
   47.394% and the maximum altitude is 2547 m. Since this is a medium slope,
   the risk of earthquake induced landslides is medium. Note, however, that the
   slope data is not reliable on a local scale, while landslides depend very
   much on local topography, soil and meteorological conditions.
   - * Nuclear power plants*: There are no nuclear facilities nearby the
   epicenter.
   - * Hydrodams*: There are no hydrodam facilities nearby the epicenter.
   - * Tsunami*: No tsunami risk.
   Tsunami propagation for lat/lon =-8.3/118.74 and magnitude=6.8
  *Disclaimer*
While we try everything to ensure accuracy, this information is purely
indicative and should not be used for any decision making without alternate
sources of information. The JRC is not responsible for any damage or loss
resulting from the use of the information presented on this website.
Please refer to the GDACS website for subscribing or
unsubscribing from the earthquake alert email or SMS service.

@_date: 2009-11-08 17:45:01
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Hermit Nation: Does Tech Boost Social Isolation? 
Twitter is emerging as the most extraordinary event of the modern corporate
information agee.  No one knows what it is...why it is, or how to monetize
it...yet it is the fastest growing phenomenon in the history of the
Internet.  Soon it will have lists in full force which will make
subscriptions categorical...it has been combined with Delicious, Facebook,
cell phones, etc. to awesome effect.
One could imagine this list being entirely on Twitter to good purpose (we
should try it as an experiment)...if you had more than 140
characters...point to what you wanted to say in a Porteous or similar
system.  It is the most fascinating commons yet built in my opinion.  Much
as I love Wikipedia...
I am not a big tweeter but have been on it since the early days.  To have
watched the full force of it is astonishing.  Whole governments are now
trying to figure out what to do with it.  Integration with cell phones makes
it profoundly powerful.

@_date: 2009-11-08 22:57:47
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ubiquitous information technology fields 
Could the commons be governed by AI? I think probably yes...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Ubiquitous information
technology fields via Broader Perspective by LaBlogga on 11/8/09
The broadest thematic point in futurist Ray Kurzweil?s opening keynote
at Singularity University on November 6, 2009 was that once any area
becomes an information technology, it starts conforming to the
exponential curves of Moore?s Law progress that have defined the
computing and communications industries since 1900 or earlier.
Health is well on its way to becoming an information science with
genomic sequencing and synthesizing, bioinformatics and continuous
automated biomarker capture. Energy is starting to be an information
science with the smart grid, essentially an electron routing network
allowing on-demand ingress and egress of diverse flows. Many other
fields could behave in the networking and packet-routing metaphor,
directing fungible quantized resources to where they are needed and
requested like people in driverless cars, neurons in a brain, clean air
and water molecules, disease management and health care delivery. Since
demand varies, market principles could be used for unobtrusive resource
allocation in automatic markets that meet and transact per
digitally-inferred demand profiles and pre-specified permissions.
All science is in some phase of becoming or has already become an
information science in the sense of using computational models,
simulation and informatics. With computation and communication becoming
increasingly embedded in every manufactured object, it is obvious that
many more if not all fields could become information technologies.
Intelligence, for example, is becoming an information science. With the
exponential growth of computing, it is likely that at some future
point, machine intelligence could surpass that of humans. One path
forward is to reengineer life into technology that can keep pace with
technological advances. There are already three dimensions of progress
towards this goal: understanding the existing examples of the brain
through neuroscience, simulating and building de novo intelligence in
software and robotic forms and integrating human and machine
capabilities with brain-computer interfaces, creating the biomolecular
interface of integrating organic and inorganic material.
Social sciences
The question arises about how seemingly subjective and nuanced fields
like politics could become information sciences. In the short term this
is already happening with citizen journalism and collective
organization through social networking (examples: flashmob protests and
Twitter Iran election feedback). In the longer term, it is imaginable
that political artificial intelligences, pleasantly absent the agency
problem and special interests of human politicians, could start to
perform low level political tasks and over time be used to a much
larger degree in policy formation, public resource allocation and
administration of nation state affairs.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Broader Perspective using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-08 19:43:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ubiquitous information technology fields 
Let us then say, even speculatively, that machines or monsters (hybrids)
could become agents and or principals.  Do we then allow them to play?  If
they can play, couldn't they govern?
It is certainly not controversial amongst deep environmentalists of various
sorts that animals have rights.  We would probably say animals lack a
certain intellectual capacity to govern.  But we can imagine a machine
gaining such capacity.  If they do, wouldn't they in fact be peers?

@_date: 2009-11-09 01:08:52
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Refining the Twitter Explosion 
Amazing numbers...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Refining the Twitter Explosion
via NYT > Technology by By NOAM COHEN on 11/8/09
There is way too much information ? the number of tweets a day has
risen to 26 million a day in October from 2.4 million in January.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to NYT > Technology using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-09 01:28:04
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Many items in a presentation touched upon in recent 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: dconstruct via russell davies
by russell davies on 11/8/09
My dConstruct talk has arrived on the podcast, and huffduff, so you
might want to listen to it. (MP3)
I haven't been able to bring myself to do so, but I can't imagine it'll
be very coherent without the accompanying pictures and videos so I
thought I'd do a sort of write-up here. I've not written too much, just
the bare bones, so the best experience might be to listen to the
podcast and look at these pictures. (It'll be a bit like watching
cricket on CeeFax.)
After the usual introductory hooplah we dived straight into some quick
thoughts on 'post-digitalness'. Considering three aspects of that:
Ever since Bruce Sterling coined the word spime, this has seemed
inevitable to me. And we are, in fact, seeing more and more physical
things with some sort of presence in digital networks.
And one byproduct of this will be an increased amount of bubbly writing
and things talking to us in the first person - in an effort to make all
these informationalised objects friendly and not scary.
Bubblino is my favourite example of this. It's an arduino connected to
a bubble-machine connected to the web; watching twitter for its own
name. Adrian takes it to conferences and it's always hugely popular.
And I think it's so successful because there's a really magical
equivalence between the significance and value of twitter and the act
of blowing bubbles. It's a splendidly well chosen conjunction.
Bubblino at Bookcamp from Adrian McEwen on Vimeo.
But this is probably the most interesting aspect - we're finally moving
past the twin elephants in the room of technological conversation.
Infatuation with everything shiny and digital, and that
nostalgic, 'Lead Pencil Club' clinging to the past. We're finally
getting to the point where we can decide which are the appropriate
technologies to use based simply on their actual merits. And, we're
starting to understand how to combine the analogue and digital in
effective ways.
My favourite example is this: Things I Word Rather Read On Paper. Is it
combines what the web does well; publishing, gathering, discovering and
curating content (via instapaper) with what print does well; being
readable, durable and portable.
Which leads us to this rather portentous title, based, in the noble
tradition of previous talks I've really enjoyed at dConstruct from Tom
Coates and Matts Jones & Biddulph (MP3). All I've done is expand on
their notion that the web it is moving beyond being a thing of sites
and is becoming a thing of APIs and services. They've suggested that
our data is escaping the boundaries of any particular website, I'm just
suggesting that we are soon going to see it escaping the boundaries of
the web itself - and of all those glowing rectangles.
And this excellent book has given me some intellectual backing for
exploring this further.
First point worth noting - all technologies grow out of previous
technologies. The more technology there is around, the more there is to
invent with.
As technologies develop, certain elements come to be used together
frequently and particular technologies cluster together in what Arthur
calls domains. He talks about how a particular combination of pistons,
turbines evolved into the aeroplane engine- and found a peak of
development in the Rolls-Royce Merlin.
And many of us have been working in a particular technological domain
too; that of the web and social media. One that's been extraordinary
successful - economically and culturally. So successful that we were
all Time's Person of the Year.
victory from russelldavies on Vimeo.
But all this success made me think of this little moment from the World
At War - a French general talking about the construction of the Maginot
Line, and about how clever and successful the French thought they were.
And it made me wonder if we weren't in a similar place - starting to be
a little too pleased with ourselves and our social media revolutions.
And Arthur talks about another phenomenon in the evolution of
technology - how things that are used together often enough start to
congeal into a single unit. We don't talk about the various components
of the engine, we talk about the whole thing - as a single technology.
Which reminded me of the origins of the word 'cliche' - in the days of
movable type it meant a set of letters/words that were used together so
frequently that the printer didn't bother dismantling them. Which got
me think about the cliches we're building, and about one in particular
- the screen.
Because these glowing rectangles are appearing everywhere in our lives.
Pouring out into the world.
And they don't always work well. They don't fail gracefully.
We haven't really learned how to design or write for them yet.
They're so common, you even get them in Kinder eggs. And they're only
going to get cheaper and more ubiquitous. And I wonder if that's always
a good thing.
Look, for instance, at this video - Drone Controllers Execute Hellfire
Strike - it's hugely impressive and deeply chilling, and illustrates
for me, the distancing effect screens can have, the way they can come
between us and the world. Should we really be thinking about doing more
of this, of putting more screens in the world, of deciding to walk
round staring at everything through an augmented reality lens.
Obviously it'll be great for some things - but should we not be
considering some alternatives?
(If only because people don't seem that impressed with screens any
more. You can do the cleverest, most expensive, most extraordinary bit
of programming but put it on a screen and everyone'll think they've
seen it before. And they probably have. In a movie.)
So, let's turn back to Arthur and see what he can tell us. For
instance, doesn't this description of a mature technology feel just
like the web right now? "encrusted with systems and subassemblies hung
onto it to make it work properly, handle exceptions, extend its range
of application, and provide redundancy in the event of failure."
By way of illustration I showed the audience this. It's designed to go
in the hole in a coffee cup lid.
It seems like the ultimate example of a technological dead-end. It's
useful, it does what it's supposed to, it solves a problem. But it
reminds me of many of those applications built on top of twitter. We're
solving the problems we created. Tinkering at the edge of things.
technology from russelldavies on Vimeo.
(And, of course, it's not the only way to solve the problem. There's a
rich ecosystem of products and solutions around coffee cup lids.)
This is how a lot of web stuff feels to me right now. We're looking for
ways to escape this way of thinking, but we're just encrusting the old
model with new sub-assemblies.
Arthur suggests that the answer is redomaining - introducing new
components and new ideas from a completely different technological
domain. This is how we get something genuinely new - not just by
improving what we already have. This is one reason I suspect so many of
us are looking at analogue technologies - we're trying to find a new
domain we can combine with our existing digital expertise.
And the other reason is this:
brilliant from russelldavies on Vimeo.
There's something primal and irresistible about physical/analogue
technologies. Compare and contrast the delight of this rocket
engineer's 'brilliant' with the affectless 'excellent job' of the drone
operators. Physical stuff reaches us in more fundamental ways than more
stuff on screens.
(And a parenthetical thought occurred here)
And, actually, that's probably a good place to stop. I then talked
about how some of this stuff had found practical application in the
creation of Newspaper Club, and the lessons we'd learned doing that.
I'm sure I'll bore you all rigid with that at some point in the future,
so maybe we should end with the summary of what I thought I was saying.
And, finally, huge thanks to everyone at dconstruct - clearleft, the
other speakers and the crowd. It was a tremendous day out.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to russell davies using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-08 20:38:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ubiquitous information technology fields 
A lot of people might say they have no interest...complex issues are
delegated.  If you could delegate complex issues to a bot, then others would
have to accept the bot in their networks.
Couldn't we be represented in a participatory democracy by a bot of
sufficient intellect to appreciate our desires?  If that's the case, isn't
the whole idea of participatory already sort of obsolete?

@_date: 2009-11-08 20:41:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] From complexity digest...reciprocity amongst non-kin 
Cooperation between non-kin in animal societies , Nature
Abstract: Explanations of cooperation between non-kin in animal societies
often suggest that individuals exchange resources or services and that
cooperation is maintained by reciprocity. But do cooperative interactions
between unrelated individuals in non-human animals really resemble
exchanges or are they a consequence of simpler mechanisms? Firm evidence
of reciprocity in animal societies is rare and many examples of
cooperation between non-kin probably represent cases of intra-specific
mutualism or manipulation.
* [20] Cooperation between non-kin in animal societies, Tim Clutton-
Brock, 2009/11/5, DOI: 10.1038/nature08366, Nature 462, 51-57
[20]

@_date: 2009-11-09 08:34:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is open source design inferior 
Interesting argument.  I'm not qualified to answer formally, but I think of
Mozilla versus Explorer...  Being customer driven does not imply not being
FLOSS.  It implies having a differing governance approach.

@_date: 2009-11-09 08:50:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a short message on our list culture and 
I see a number of lists I track going through normative issues now.  I think
your response is the right one, generally.
I have often wondered whether the computer information explosion of the last
3-5 years in particular has led to political polarization, or whether it has
simply allowed people to become more set in their ways.
Uncharacteristically, I am optimistic.  I believe people are learning very
rapidly.  We will all hear voices and tones we don't want to hear.  Others
may judge our edits, but we certainly have the right to make them.
Something is also going on with small communities versus large that is
important to P2P.  Tight knit meshes are more familial.  Larger ones are
more contentious.  Of course no one fights more fiercely and unfairly than
families.  Simple social rules-of-thumb are usually wrong.  There's a big
opening for someone to write a thesis on the psychology of P2P.

@_date: 2009-11-09 09:08:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is open source design inferior 
As you know, I am no enemy of private enterprise nor even profit.  The
availability of a market allows for lots of solutions to co-exist.  But I
think the idea of not-for-profit foundation...not unlike the one you have
founded, allows for governance, planning and openness with very good
competitive strengths.  I think the idea that some centralized decision
making and planning occurs isn't a bad thing.
I suppose my own naive hope is that civil society always comes on strong.

@_date: 2009-11-09 11:16:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is open source design inferior 
I think it was a separate thread where Michel and I were speculating on
why.  It may be that the work of being customer driven is unappealing and
therefore requires a market model to succeed.  FLOSS is fun for
programmers.  Fun isn't necessarily the path to useful.  I doubt games that
people make up would have the features wanted by gamers in the main.  I
doubt cars designed by care enthusiasts would have cup holders.  Profit
creates interesting incentives to be responsive.  Free has no such

@_date: 2009-11-09 13:38:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is open source design inferior 
Sure.  I'm not saying free doesn't have incentives.  It does.  I'm also
nothing of a mind that people have to gain to get something.
All I am saying is that it is tough to get free to be responsive.  My own
preferred model for most things is Mozilla or Apache.  Seems a win/win.  But
then again, I see Twitter as a commons.
Free to me is an afterthought to the commons.  I see no reason for free with
abundance either.  Price is a great way to allocate given a bit of social
justice regulation thrown in..
On Mon, Nov 9, 2009 at 11:44 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-11-09 14:02:30
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (state and commons) 
On Mon, Nov 9, 2009 at 1:55 PM, Kevin Carson <
What I think tends to militate against this position, Kevin, is that most
people could give lots of examples of co-ops and mutualist organizations
de-mutualizing (insurance companies, e.g.) but very few where
statist/corporate bodies go mutual.  Correct me here, but I can't think of
I am always interested in A-->B in social studies.  It is always
overlooked.  People visualize end states, but can't give a convincing
account of the transition...and then seem to act is if that is an OK thing
to ignore.

@_date: 2009-11-09 14:05:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (state and commons) 
Sorry to reply to myself...but I have been watching if Twitter is a case of
corporate org mutualizing.  Many talk about small organizations taking over
the Twitter API for their own ends...effectively freezing its possibilities
to a co-op rather than corporate goal planning process.

@_date: 2009-11-10 00:25:54
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ubiquitous cloud computing by 2019? - Dennis Carter, 
Futurism for higher ed...10 years on...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Ubiquitous cloud computing by
2019? - Dennis Carter, eCampus News George O. Strawn has seen
higher-education technology grow exponentially since the via Online
Learning Update by Ray on 11/9/09
George O. Strawn has seen higher-education technology grow
exponentially since the late 1960s, so a future campus that operates
entirely on cloud computing where students have access to PCs that
execute a trillion instructions per second does not seem far-fetched to
him. In 10 years, Strawn said, he expects all scholarly material to be
available on the internet--a departure from today, when copyright laws
prohibit online access to the vast majority of scholarly journals.
Publishers' blockades, he said, eventually will crumble under public
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Online Learning Update using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-10 11:29:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A thirty year future of the transition to widescale 
The intent here is brevity based on highlights...
The US begins to move rapidly toward social measures in medicine and climate
management that essentially break the back of any notion of a small
government state.  In chaos, the Republican Party splits and reforms to
advance primarily an anti-immigration agenda.  The United States enters a
long period of turning inward that will be copied in Europe and Asia.  The
era of international flows and trades is now past its peak.
China declares that the new communist vision is growth of opportunity
through local joy and happiness, effectively mandating that the People
become consumers.  The US dollar, in long decline as a carrying currency,
starts to become a secondary currency to the new Pan-Asia unit.
Mandarin becomes the first language of the web.  Nearly all children
globally begin to study Chinese.  India and China greatly enhance their
economic links.
Ubiquitous cloud computing and device linkage makes security, communication,
income, banking and money all converge.  The average household uses more
compute cycles per second than the most powerful supercomputers in 2000.
Provision of electricty and cooling are the major economic components of any
household budget having surpassed transportation in 2016.
As carbon reaches 425 ppm, the destructive impacts of climate change are now
starting to cause massive migrations and social turmoil.  Nations set 10
year targets to eliminate fossil fuel from their economies.
The United States, which as become an isolated power in its lost decade of
economic growth, begins to envision radical restructuring of local economies
to reduce carbon outputs and to protect aging populations who are dominant
politically and economically, but no longer personally productive.  The old
call for robotic support helpers along lines in use in Japan for 1/2 a
Most global universities exist only on line.  Older institutions have been
turned into open communities and greenscapes with collective governance
strategies along lines of co-ops or townhall styled local governments.
Obesity penalities eliminate demands for poor food choices in most of the
Nearly all projects are capitalized against a social account that builds
facilities determined by complex AI-assisted long-range eco-survival plans.
Most food and pharmaceutical production occurs within 10 miles of the
consumer's living space.  Earth's population peaks at 8 and 3/4 billion.
Most fish are extinct that are not in enclosed sea farms.  40% of all known
species in 2009 are extinct or severaly endangered.  Many plants have
succumbed to warming and treed landscapes outside of near arctic locations
or rain forests are rare.
Anti-work parties become commonplace along European models started in
universities in the 20-teens.  The agendas generally call half-jokingly for
"bread and circuses"   Most envision an handover to robots within 20 years
for all important managerial and process functions.
The computer processing power of integrated software clouds exceeds human
brains by several orders of magnitude.  Nearly all software is designed and
written by robots.  All medicine is done by robots.  The average age of
persons in the US and Europe climbs to 50.   Millions are now living to
Nearly all economic activity occurs within 10 miles of one's home.  Robots
and cloud computing handle most entertainment, chores, management processes
and research.  Humans overwhelmingly work on governing the commons in local
pools of advisors to robotic planners.
Average age of a human is 44.  In Germany, the average age is 63.  In the US
it is 55.  Population is now in freefall...down to roughly 7.5 billion.
Plans predict a global population of 2.4 billion humans in 2090 with carbon
levels stabilized at 437 ppm.
Life is essentially no different in China than it is in Utah or Nigeria.
People live in clusters of robotically managed groups with little need for
long-range travel or movement.  Exercise is a common "career."  Other
similar self-focused careers are designed by robots for people to feel
meaning and enjoyment.
P2P exchanges of goods and services occur between robots who use excess
capacities to perform the production of planned needs.  Shipping is entirely
Humans plan for a world with dramatically lower population rates.  Few
choose to reproduce because the high social responsibilities entailed in
multiple offspring.

@_date: 2009-11-10 20:14:25
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Natural Fuse: Towards Designing a Carbon-Neutral 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Natural Fuse: Towards Designing
a Carbon-Neutral System via PSFK on 11/10/09
If given the opportunity to participate in a carbon-neutral system,
will people be selfless or selfish?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to PSFK using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-10 19:36:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A thirty year future of the transition to 
How does one get to post-scarcity without robotics?

@_date: 2009-11-10 19:43:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A thirty year future of the transition to 
If technology moves slowly enough to take a couple of hundred years for
advanced robotics, it won't matter much, I agree.  I'd be surprised if it
took that long...not that I'll likely see it either way.

@_date: 2009-11-11 18:13:22
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Internet Wars: The Ongoing Battle Over How the Web 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Internet Wars: The Ongoing
Battle Over How the Web is Run via Neatorama by Queuebot on 11/11/09
The people who are making decisions about the internet are,
fundamentally, deciding the access of all future generations to come.
Forget Afghanistan and Iraq; these are the theaters of war where
democracy will live or die. SherWeb has an overview of the most
contentious battles over who controls the web.
 From the Upcoming ueue, submitted by mrmunchies.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Neatorama using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-11 18:29:32
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sapolsky's outstanding Stanford lecture on "The 
The uniqueness of humans...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Sapolsky's outstanding Stanford
lecture on "The Uniqueness of Humans" via Boing Boing by Cory Doctorow
on 11/10/09
Stanford primatologist and anthropologist Robert Sapolsky scores big
with this grad lecture on "The Uniqueness of Humans," a humbling,
inspiring and sweet 30 minutes on what it is about humans that makes us
unique from our animal cousins, and how many of the seemingly unique
features of humanity can be found elsewhere.
Sapolsky make me want to go back to school, enrolling in the Stanford
anthropology program, just so I can take his classes.
Class Day Lecture 2009: The Uniqueness of Humans (Thanks, Avi!)
- Sapolsky on primate sexuality part two: required viewing for the ...
- Stanford's Sapolsky on primate sexuality: funny, fascinating ...
- Stanford's Sapolsky and National Geo produce a documentary on ...
- Mind-opening lectures on the physiology of stress - Boing Boing
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Boing Boing using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-11 23:07:08
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Industry Sequel to the Shift Index 
Capitalism in trouble...or just the business cycle?
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Industry Sequel to the Shift
Index via Edge Perspectives with John Hagel by John Hagel on 11/10/09
About four months ago, I released the 2009 Shift Index from the
Deloitte Center for the Edge. It showed a significant and sustained
deterioration in return on assets (ROA) for all public companies in the
US since 1965. That metric alone attracted a lot of attention from the
media and executives.
Many executives were deeply engaged with the findings of that report,
but understandably asked what the long-term Big Shift trends were in
their specific industry. They asked and we delivered. Today, the
Deloitte Center for the Edge is releasing a sequel to the original
report, systematically examining trends across 14 industries. This
report on Industry Metrics and Perspectives is lengthy (over 200 pages)
and goes into considerable depth on nine industries in particular.
Interested readers can download the full pdf here but for those wanting
the headlines, these are some of the key perspectives emerging from the
industry analysis:
Deterioration in performance is widespread
Firms in most industries are experiencing long-term deterioration in
ROA since 1965. Only two industries ? aerospace and defense and health
care experienced improvements in ROA. It is perhaps not coincidental
that these are two of the most heavily regulated industries and
therefore more insulated from the growing competitive pressures
challenging other industries. Even firms in these two industries face
challenges going forward and it is not clear there are any safe harbors
for companies facing the Big Shift
Advances in labor productivity fail to improve return on assets
There is no apparent correlation between improvements in labor
productivity and improvements in return on assets across industries. In
fact some of the industries ? especially technology and
telecommunications - that experienced the most dramatic improvements in
labor productivity also experienced the most significant decline in the
return on assets. This suggests that, while improvements in labor
productivity may be necessary to respond to competitive pressure, they
are certainly not sufficient. Most likely, many of the gains in labor
productivity are being captured by more powerful customers and creative
Innovation, at least as traditionally defined, does not appear to offer
a solution
Perhaps one of the most innovative industries in the US ? the
technology industry ? has also experienced one of the most significant
declines in ROA since 1965. This suggests that innovation defined as
product or even process innovation is also not sufficient as a response
to growing economic pressure. With knowledge flows becoming more and
more important as a source of value creation relative to knowledge
stocks, we suggest that another form of innovation ? institutional
innovation ? may be much more helpful in turning the performance trends
around. This kind of innovation focuses on redefining roles and
relationships among institutions to generate and sustain richer
knowledge flows across institutional boundaries, something most
institutions find very challenging today.
Traditional measures of competitive intensity understate the challenge
We used a widely accepted measure of competitive intensity that focuses
on industry concentration/fragmentation trends. It soon become apparent
that this measure, favored by many economists and policy makers,
seriously understates gathering competitive forces. Very often, it
ignores significant competitive pressures coming from other parts of
the value chain. In particular, we found that customers are a source of
growing competitive intensity as they gain more power over the vendors
they deal with and demand more value at lower price. In other cases,
growing competition came from companies nominally considered to be in
other industries or markets, for example consider the growing role of
cable companies and Internet companies like Google in the telecom
Worker passion is at very low levels across all industries
At best, only about one in five workers are passionate about their work
across all industries. This is a serious concern given our findings
that passionate workers tend to be much more effective at seeking out
and participating in knowledge flows. If participation in knowledge
flows is key to creating new economic value, most firms are severely
disadvantaged by the low level of worker passion among their employees.
This is certainly one factor explaining our finding that firms are
currently participating in a very small fraction of the knowledge flows
available to them.
Bottom line observations
The industry sequel of our Shift Index confirms the key findings of our
earlier report. Firms in the US have been experiencing a significant
and sustained deterioration in performance over many decades. The most
basic message is that our current approaches to doing business are
fundamentally broken.
This has little to do with the current economic downturn. Certainly
cyclical trends aggravate the longer-term pressures, but there is no
evidence that any cyclical recovery will return companies to where they
were before. Long term pressure continues to mount and shows no sign of
abating. The current economic downturn has understandably consumed our
attention, but we run the risk of missing the more profound,
longer-term trends playing out around us.
While intensifying competition has catalyzed deteriorating performance
for firms, there are significant beneficiaries of these trends. As
customers, we all benefit in the form of increased value at lower
prices. Total cash compensation to creative talent has risen markedly
over this period, so this part of our workforce has also benefited
enormously. The real challenge is to figure out how firms, caught in a
pincer move between more powerful customers and talent, can create more
economic value and improve their own profitability.
Given the profound performance deterioration that firms have
experienced over decades, it is time to step back and reassess our most
fundamental assumptions about what is required to be successful in
business. If we have any hope of turning this longer-term trend around,
we must be prepared to challenge our current approaches to business.
Despite our findings, we remain optimistic about the opportunities for
firms. In particular, we believe that the two foundational catalysts
driving intensified competition ? digital infrastructures and public
policy shifts favoring economic liberalization- also create the
conditions for dramatic performance improvement. In fact, by harnessing
the proliferating knowledge flows enabled by these two catalysts, we
believe firms have an opportunity to drive much more powerful
approaches to performance improvement. Experience curves have driven
business performance for much of the 20th century. These curves have
diminishing returns. We believe that for the first time, given a
combination of new digital infrastructures and new institutional
architectures, it may be possible to turn the experience curve on its
side and for the first time generate performance curves with increasing
returns ? the more participants, the more rapidly performance
improves.We use the term collaboration curves to describe this new
This is both the challenge and the opportunity confronting firms today.
Those who see this and act upon it will find that the Big Shift creates
the potential for enormous wealth creation.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Edge Perspectives with John Hagel using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-11 23:40:01
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Much Power Does The Human Brain Require To 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: How Much Power Does The Human
Brain Require To Operate? via Blogging the Singularity by
podcast at bloggingthesingularity.com (Chris Williamson) on 11/9/09
According to Kwabena Boahen, a computer scientist at Stanford
University, a robot with a processor as smart as the human brain would
require at least 10 megawatts to operate. That?s the amount of energy
produced by a small hydroelectric plant. But a small group of computer
scientists may have hit on a new neural supercomputer that could
someday emulate the human brain?s low energy requirements of just 20
watts?barely enough to run a dim light bulb.
Discover Magazine has the story on how the Neurogrid computer could
completely overhaul the traditional approach to computers. It trades
the extreme precision of digital transistors for the brain?s chaos of
many neurons firing, with misfires 30 percent to 90 percent of the
time. Yet the brain works with this messy system by relying on crowds
of neurons to shout over the noise of misfires and competing signals.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Blogging the Singularity using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-11 23:51:12
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Go Programming Language 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Go Programming Language via
Daring Fireball by John Gruber on 11/10/09
New systems level programming language from Google (but, judging from
the copyright statements, not an official Google project). Go has
built-in garbage collection, a simpler syntax than Java or C++, fast
compilation times and excellent performance ? and it was designed with
concurrency in mind. Interesting and ambitious, to say the least.
Among many interesting details, it ships with a utility named gofmt,
which formats Go source code according to a standardized style ? which
standardized style uses tabs, not spaces (hooray). Go uses a
Pascal-style ?:=? assignment operator for initializing values (hooray).
And, regarding my own tiny sliver of expertise, the Regexp library
offers only a crude regular expression syntax (boo).
Update: Some amazing names are behind Go, including Ken Thompson and
Rob Pike.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Daring Fireball using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-11 19:24:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
Of course both of these arguments are equally specious because they do not
make argument at all.  They simply define terminology in a way that is
For an argument to exist, some fact must be contested that can be tested and
validated.  I cannot validate someone else's arbitrary definition whether it
be brain, innovation or abundance.  One has to make a systematic set of
assertions about the meaning content of a term.
If I say a brain is not a machine or a machine is a brain, I have said
nothing.  What I need to do is to assert that a brain works in such and such
a fashion that is not possible for what is reasonably classified as a
machine.  Or, conversely, a machine is a brain because a machine can fulfill
all those functions feasible, in principle, by a brain.
The field in question is generally termed universal AI or now
"superintelligence."  There is extensive theory from logic, programmatic and
physiological standpoints on the topic.
In general, intelligence as taken in these fields to be defined as the
ability to seek goals in diverse environments.
So far, in what I have read, there is no mathematical proof that, given
sufficient compute power, a brain could not be completely simulated given
current computer processing.  It cannot yet be done.  There is no theory yet
that says it cannot be done.  Some may argue such theories will arise, and
they might.  Some would say that the process of achieving the necessary
computer power or more efficient algorithms is inevitable.  It isn't.
My own view is that there are a lot of people working on this and no one has
come up with anything too exciting about meat so far in terms of its
uniqueness.  On the other hand, there is no capacity like a brain system
currently on the drawing boards.  A number of people are trying, for
example, to simulate the workings of an insect brain.  This will lead to
higher order processes, presumably.  That will take time if it can be done
feasibly at all.  My guess is it will be done in about 20 years.  I of
course have no idea.

@_date: 2009-11-11 19:40:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A thirty year future of the transition to 
It seems to me that the average household is consuming more and more watts
of power even under high efficiencies to do the things they want to do.
That could reverse, but in voluntary terms, such a reversal seems a long
shot at best.  The best evidence of that is that spontaneous voluntary low
consumption isn't breaking out anywhere on a wide scale.  People travel
more, are cleaner, eat more calories, etc. on average.
I don't see where any of the major goals of abundance theorists or P2P
theorists became dominant without robotics as a key driver.  But I certainly
don't have a systematic proof of that.
It seems one of the major branching points of the future is the pace of
technology and economic acceptance of robots.  Given their increasing role
in manufacturing now, it is hard to envision a plateau for the deployment or
complexity of the systems.  If an idea like technology acceleration is true,
one would expect robotics to make increasing strides...unless there are
serious hurdles.  Regardless, the most interesting questions about the
future of abundance and sharing both seem highly integrated with the future
of robotics, at least as I currently see it.
On Wed, Nov 11, 2009 at 5:03 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-11-12 08:42:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
I was just pointed to a dissertation by Shane Legg called Machine Super
Intelligence.  It is a doctoral dissertation from the University of
Lugano--I know neither the author, the school, the advisors or the
content...but I am going to give it a skim.  Maybe some current leading
sources emerge, etc.  If so, I will report to this list.  The first quote is
from the God Delusion by Richard Dawkins, so those inclined against such
views probably can surmise the author's bias.
The author cites this...which is interesting...
   -- a collection of definitions of
intelligence.... it leads to the author's blog, web presence, etc.  It
appears impressive at first blush.
The Institute of Extropy has a faq on transhumanism, singularity, etc.  It
appears factual.  I do not know the organization or vouch for it in any
way.  It may be a front for Dionetix for all I know.

@_date: 2009-11-12 11:54:26
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
This is very difficult for me to understand because the boundary conditions
for what is and isn't a system are difficult to define.  Something discreet
occurs when a person exists.  They are part of social processes, etc., but I
know of no one who quibbles much with the idea of an individual.  Nations
are interconnected...as are ecosystems  Discreetness is much less clear.
But a person could talk about resident bacteria in a human...that humans are
ecosystems, etc.  I'm struggling with that...
There is also a macro versus micro approach issue going on I think.  At one
level we are discussing differences in macro systems...a brain versus a
highly complicated machine (say a supercomputer running a large program).
At another level there is a question as to whether processes that cause
changes to genetic material...whether those are programmatic and can be
simulated...or whether the workings of a set of neurons can be simulated.
At the macro scale, difference of opinion is more plausible to me.
So far is it the Complex Systems' peoples' opinion, Sam, that there is
something at an elemental level that makes these systems different?  Or is
it something that occurs as complexity arises?  In other words, are there
boundary cases between complex and not-complex?  You were getting into this
a little...

@_date: 2009-11-12 12:01:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
I've just become to read it because skimming proved useful.  I'm also
looking at his web and blog...both informative.  He certainly doesn't much
cite mainstream AI people much...almost like this is the rise of a new
thread.  There must be a story behind where these guys have come
from...these things usually don't materialize out of the blue.

@_date: 2009-11-12 21:29:46
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Real-time 3D modelling 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Real-time 3D modelling via The
Engineer on 11/12/09
A group of researchers at Cambridge University have created a program
that is able to build 3D models of textured objects in real time, using
only a standard computer and webcam.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Engineer using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-13 01:38:42
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Designing society for posterity 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Designing society for posterity
via Charlie's Diary by Charlie Stross on 11/12/09
(Continuing from the comments/discussion following an earlier post ...)
Generation starships: they're not fast.
If you can crank yourself up to 1% of light-speed, alpha centauri is
more than four and a half centuries away at cruising speed. To put it
in perspective, that's the same span of time that separates us from the
Conquistadores and the Reformation; it's twice the lifespan of the
United States of America.
We humans are really bad at designing institutions that outlast the
life expectancy of a single human being. The average democratically
elected administration lasts 3-8 years; public corporations last 30
years; the Leninist project lasted 70 years (and went off the rails
after a decade). The Catholic Church, the Japanese monarchy, and a few
other institutions have lasted more than a millennium, but they're all
almost unrecognizably different.
Consumer capitalism along our current model simply won't work as a way
of running a long-duration generation ship (the failure modes are
lethal and non-recoverable). Communism (or rather, Leninism) has a
slightly better prospect, but is still a long way from optimal.
Monarchism is just a pretty word for "hereditary dictatorship supported
by military caste". What are the alternatives? And what do we need to
consider when designing a society that can survive for a 500-1000 year
voyage in a bottle without exploding? (I'm assuming, for the sake of
argument, that suspended animation or life extension technologies don't
change the picture out of all recognition; after all, even if you can
expect to be alive in a thousand year's time when you reach Barnard's
Star, you're not going to get on the ship in the first place if the
living conditions are intolerable.)
Designing a space habitat/generation ship with the implicit parameter
that the crew are expected to work 40-60 hours a week is a really bad
idea; efficiency is the enemy of redundancy, and multiple redundancy
(in life support and propulsion) is absolutely vital to any such
project (because it provides resiliency that is essential to have any
hope of recovering from a disaster). What if the population crashes? If
you've designed your ship to require a 40-hour work week by 1000
maintenance crew and you're down to 250 crew, you're going to die. A
10-hour work week, in contrast, gives them a fighting chance of
survival in event of a major die-off.
A sensibly designed long-duration hab would require the crew to do just
enough work to maintain the necessary skill set (you don't want them to
go rusty), but leave lots of time available for education, recreation,
and socialisation. You can't build a stable hab culture on material
acquisition because it has to function in a resource-bounded
environment (although soft goods/intellectual property is another
matter, if you want to provide an escape valve for acquisitive urges,
or a "training wheels" environment for the market-mediated culture that
you might need to revive after arriving in another solar system).
I've been (inconclusively) batting around some ideas with Karl
Schroeder ? how do you design a society for the really long term? There
are a couple of levels to consider: notably, decision-making and
economics. And it doesn't look as if we've got any good solutions to
Administration first: Democracy is prone to mutation into some other
form (kakistocracy, oligarchy, populist dictatorship). Monarchy has a
single point of failure and historically only worked when there was a
draconian enforcement regime backed up by Malthusian pressure (whenever
the lid came off ? e.g. with the opening of a new frontier for
emigration ? the oppressed tended to vote with their feet: aboard a
generation ship, their only option would be to vote with the knife). We
were somewhat intrigued by the idea of a society with multiple
designed-in local attractors, so that over time it can oscillate
between different modes of governance (but returning eventually to
previous patterns); but nobody's tried it yet.
Another issue to consider is the need for designed-in escape valves.
The social pressure on a generation ship is going to be fierce; but if
there's a designed-in expectation that, say, 20-50% of the inhabitants
at any given time will be preoccupied by non-functional distractions
such as the arts or sports, that might go some way to defusing social
stresses. Arts and sports can act as vectors for social competition and
status-seeking, while being channeled easily in directions that don't
consume excessive physical resources.
One thing I'm pretty certain of is that the protestant work ethic
underlying American-style capitalism, with its added dog-eat-dog ethos,
would be a recipe for disaster aboard a generation ship ? regardless of
whether it's run as a democracy or a dictatorship. American (or
British) working hours are a bizarre cultural aberration ? and a very
local one. More to the point, competitive capitalism tends to reward
increases in operational efficiency, but efficiency is most easily
optimized by paring away at the margins ? a long-term lethal threat to
life in this situation. The "tragedy of the commons" has got to be
engineered out aboard a generation ship, otherwise the residents will
wake up one [virtual] morning to discover someone's acquired a monopoly
on the oxygen supply. And that's just for starters.
(Finally, don't get me started on libertarianism. Economic
libertarianism -- in the contemporary American sense -- aboard a
generation ship would be just plain suicidal. It's dog-eat-dog
capitalism with the brakes off; I'm of the opinion that libertarian
ideology is based on a falacious theory of mind, and would in practice
degenerate rapidly into a rather nasty form of industrial feudalism.
The end point of which is monarchism, and bloody handed revolution. Not
the kind of metastable multiple-attractor society I have in mind at
all ...!)
So. You, and a quarter of a million other folks, have embarked on a
1000-year voyage aboard a hollowed-out asteroid. What sort of
governance and society do you think would be most comfortable, not to
mention likely to survive the trip without civil war, famine, and
reigns of terror? (NB: communication with the home world is assumed, as
is the ability to implement any innovations they come up with that
don't require a work force greater than 10% of your people.)
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Charlie's Diary using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-13 01:46:08
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Oil running out far faster than predicted: report 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Oil running out far faster than
predicted: report via Environment news, comment and analysis from the
Guardian | guardian.co.uk by Terry Macalister on 11/12/09
? Swedish academics slate IEA's report as 'political document' for
countries with vested interest in low prices
? Oil production 'likely to be 75m barrels a day rather than 105m'
A leading academic institute has urged European governments to review
global oil supplies for themselves because of the "politicisation" of
the International Energy Agency's figures.
Uppsala University in Sweden today published a scathing assessment of
the IEA's annual World Energy Outlook, saying some assumptions
drastically underplayed the scale of future oil shortages.
Kjell Aleklett, professor of physics at Uppsala and co-author of a new
report "The Peak of the Oil Age", claims oil production is more likely
to be 75m barrels a day by 2030 than the "unrealistic" 105m used by the
IEA in its recently published World Energy Outlook 2009. The academic,
who runs a Global Energy unit at Uppsala, described the IEA's report as
a "political document" developed for consuming countries with a vested
interest in low prices.
The report from Aleklett and others, including Simon Snowden from the
University of Liverpool, says: "We find the production outlook made by
the IEA to be problematic in the light of historical experience and
production patterns. The IEA is expecting the oil to be extracted at a
pace never previously seen without any justification for this
There is particular concern about high future production rates
from "unconventional" sources such as tar sands, with the Uppsala
report saying there is a lack of information about the figures in the
2008 Outlook and largely repeated in the latest one. "We must therefore
regard the IEA production figure as somewhat dubious until it is
explained more fully," added the Swedish report, which is to be
published in the journal Energy Policy.
The Uppsala findings come days after the Guardian reported that IEA
whistleblowers had expressed deep misgivings about the way energy
statistics were being collected and interpreted at the Paris-based
organisation. Insiders questioned whether US influence and fears of
stock market "panic" were encouraging the IEA to downplay the potential
for future oil scarcity.
Aleklett, whose latest work was funded by the state-owned Swedish
Energy Agency, said he had experience of similar internal worries about
the IEA.
"The Organisation of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) gave
me the task of writing the report, Peak Oil and the Evolving Strategies
of Oil Importing and Exporting Countries. This report was one of those
discussed at a round-table meeting that was held in the IEA's
conference room in Paris. At that opportunity, in November 2007, I had
a number of private conversations with officers of the IEA. The
revelations now reported in the Guardian were revealed to me then under
the promise that I not name the source. I had earlier heard the same
thing from another officer from Norway who, at the time he spoke of the
pressure being applied by the USA, was working for the IEA."
The energy agency dismissed the suggestions of political influence on
its analysis as "groundless". It said the annual document was reviewed
by 200 different and independent experts.
The IEA was always trying to find ways to make its estimates even
stronger, a spokeswoman said: "We would be happy to see any initiative
to improve the data quality on reserves and decline rates. We believe
our World Energy Outlook 2008 opened an important door to have more
field data and transparency and would very much welcome similar efforts
to help improve transparency in the oil sector."
Meanwhile, Steve Sorrell, author of a recent oil supply report for the
UK Energy Research Centre, which also warned of British government
complacency on the issue, said the Uppsala paper was a "useful
contribution" to the debate on "peak oil" ? the period at which maximum
levels of crude output is reached after which there will be terminal
"The IEA has taken some useful steps in recent years to give more
information about how it is arriving at certain conclusions and that is
to be welcomed. But its [oil supply/demand] scenarios have also changed
radically and that deserves greater explanation. We still need greater
access to the data that provides these assumptions," he said.
Aleklett added: "I am a scientist, not an economist or a politician. I
believe in the facts and if someone can prove me wrong I will happily
change my mind."
- Oil
- Energy
- SwedenTerry Macalister
guardian.co.uk ? Guardian News & Media Limited 2009 | Use of this
content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Environment news, comment and analysis from the Guardian
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-13 08:51:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Colonialism and Commons Enclosure 
Living in a hotbed of post-colonialism, it seems to me that the usual issues
of identity and trust are key.  Elinor Ostrom certainly is a place to start
on trust.  On identity, I like Richard Jenkins work, but it isn't
specifically post-colonial.
You'd get a pretty fierce argument in post-colonial locations that scholars
grown up in colonial nations can say much about the post-colonial
situation...a bit like a person of one race writing on the the experience of
someone from another.  You can really want to be black, but if you are
white, it ain't going to happen...similar colonies.  The Old World will
always be that.  These are border/boundary issues--a big area of sociology.
I'd look to less prominent scholars outside the core of academia.  In the
peripheries you are much more likely to get legitimate opinions.

@_date: 2009-11-13 09:50:37
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
Hi Sam,
I am familiar with Brian Arthur's work at the Santa Fe Institute on
emergeance and complexity...it sounds like this is the same vein.  That does
help.  That whole area has been productive and very interesting.
It is emerging as a reductionist versus chaos theory sort of argument.  My
own explorations of this area were in relationship to economics...along
lines set by people like Brian Arthur.  I think I understand the basis of
your position now.
The information theorists being cited by Andrew are clearly reductionists,
so the outline of disagreement is now clearer to me.
Andrew dismisses pretty much all prior AI in favor of these current Super
machine theorists.  Would that such a clear break could occur...perhaps it
will.  I'm unconvinced so far, but their vein is also interesting.
It would be nice to be right-tracked by some set of thoughts.  I'm in favor
of truth...not ideas, so if truth is winning, I'm happy.  As a philosophical
pragmatist, truth, for me, is what seems most right at the moment given
reasonable vetting...so better vetting is always the aim.  Better is the
tricky word...that takes one down all sorts of philosophy of science worm
holes.  Perspective is one of them.  Clearly minds are chaotic in a Santa Fe
Institute sense of the term.  But clearly there components allow for
reductive analysis in an information theory/math sense of the term.  There
will end up being a lot of probability theory on both sides.  Algorithms are
like political theories...great to argue about...hard to move in real terms
toward progress.
The emergeance agenda I am familiar with has produced relatively few viable
tools.  As such, it seems to be most useful in setting challenges to
engineering approaches.  The Machine Super Intelligence crowd seems to be
interested in tools, but so far have only produced this thing Andrew
mentions can AIXI which is interesting but apparently useless so far.  The
work I am much more familiar with is in areas related to computer vision and
robotics research...vision is an area that combines a lot of both of these
topics...and it has progressed a great deal of late...3D printing in real
time from photos is an example of a tool that comes from this work.
Interestingly, the brain uses competing chaotic algorithms...(my source is
research cited by Derik Bownds recently.)  But it can also be reduced.
I have my own biases toward the reductionists.  But the cosmologists also
have interesting things to say...and interesting challenges to lay down.
Always a fascinating (and contentious) topic.

@_date: 2009-11-13 10:20:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: When The Neck Bone Isn't Connected To The 
Interestingly another chaos/emergeance versus reductionist kerfuffle...just
like the current mind/brain/machine argument.

@_date: 2009-11-13 10:22:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Oil running out far faster than predicted: report 
If a person could set out a reasonable expectation of a major shift, 20-30
years out, a number of other major human pieces shift in unison.  I'm not
saying you are wrong, I am saying that a map of the 20-30 years becomes
increasingly interesting as your assertion becomes more factual.

@_date: 2009-11-13 10:46:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
That makes complete sense to me Sam, but the question of systems is one of
boundaries.  Where does a system stop?  Reductionists are always seeking
discreet processes (e.g. the Krebs cycle in biology).  In information theory
they want facts to be relatively "atomic" in philosophical terms.
Emergeance emphasizes dynamic and interaction...so it seems to me to be two
perspectives or points of view on overlapping versions of reality.
Image you see normally and I see in infrared...like Yule Brenner's character
in Westworld.  The heat signature of a human is my system...and it includes
more than the body...it includes warmed air going into lungs, etc.
Couldn't it be the case that reductionists are approaching reality with one
point of view and emergeance theorists are approaching it with another?  If
so, then who bends to create a bridge between the two perspectives...a
theory of the light spectrum by analogy?
In physics there was a relatively rapid movement from people finding
electrons at Cambridge in the early 1900s and quantum mechanics in Germany
to a unification of the two in the grand theories of the 1960s where people
were trying to unify big messes between light theory people and sub-atomic
structure people.  The world lays out rather nice neat puzzles for
physicists by and large.  Biology is messier because we have consciousness
to deal with...something that, so far, has avoided mechanistic
I suspect humans are alive today who will see something that most of us will
agree is both machine and conscious.  You (might) disagree.  I say, how can
we begin to discuss what terms like consciousness, intelligence and
emergeance mean in boundary terms so we can know when and how we approach
those boundaries?  If a person crosses a boundary...even if it is a gray
zone like an atmosphere of a planet, we should be aware of the change
My guess is that the reductionist will want to focus on the boundary
conditions...which is just what this guy Shane Legg is doing in his
dissertation on Machine Super Intelligence...he wants to get people to
discuss rules for what they take to be intelligence...sounds simple enough,
but as he points out...there isn't much consensus.
Now, lets have the same sort of discussion about...abundance, P2P, peers,
free...etc.  What are the boundary conditions?

@_date: 2009-11-13 14:37:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Development of Tangible Objects 
[image: Open source enters the world of atoms: A statistical analysis of
open design]
[image: Abstract]
Extensive research has been done to analyze the phenomenon of open source
software development from various perspectives. By contrast little is known
about open source development of tangible objects, so?called open design, so
far. Until recently, limitations to the availability of successful empirical
examples of this ?new innovation model? outside software may have been a key
reason for this gap.
This paper contributes to the literature on the open source mode of product
development by providing a quantitative study (N = 85) of open design
projects. Our goal is to explore the landscape of open source development in
the world of atoms, to analyze project characteristics, structures, and
success, and to investigate similarities and dissimilarities to open source
software development.
Here's the complete link...

@_date: 2009-11-13 21:15:08
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The stupid network will get a hearing 
The rise of a plenty-based network rather than one based on scarcity...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The stupid network will get a
hearing via Open Source by Dana Blankenhorn on 11/13/09
Advocates of transforming network regulation from Bell services to dumb
bits will get a hearing from the FCC, as David Isenberg, author of the
classic Rise of the Stupid Network, has joined the agency as an expert
(Picture taken in 2004 from Isenberg?s Isen.com Web site.)
Isenberg will be part of the team that will deliver the National
Broadband Plan to Congress in February. He wrote on his blog that, as a
result of his agency assignment his annual conference on broadband
reform, Freedom2Connect, will be postponed.
A bit of disclosure. I covered the 2006 Freedom2Connect conference in
Washington for ZDNet.
In the Stupid Network essay, which he wrote while at AT&T in 1997,
Isenberg argued that the most efficient network is controlled at the
edge, with a design based on the idea of plenty rather than scarcity,
and transport based on the needs of the data.
The idea, he wrote, was that the network did not need intelligence at
the center, that it should just ?deliver the bits, stupid.? Hence the
stupid network.
The problem is that while the stupid network is fine engineering, great
for users and consumer equipment suppliers, it doesn?t leave much for
the telephone company to do but move bits. And Isenberg wrote at a time
when the bit-moving market was highly competitive, with prices falling
every few months.
Thus the phone companies have argued against the stupid network. They
have sought to install gear within the parts of the Internet they
control to guarantee Quality of Service, to distinguish between bits
based on protocol or what the customer is paying to move them, and to
stop bad bits before they arrive at a user?s desk.
?Those are nice bits there, a shame if something happened to them.? And
the phone company is Santa Claus, deciding which bits are naughty and
which are nice.
The problem with this is it slows the network, and creates a barrier to
entry for innovation, which must win permission from the network
operator in order to reach the market. It is also redundant if customer
equipment can handle tasks previously done by the intelligent network.
The Internet, as it exists today, is essentially a stupid network.
Cellular networks, you will note, are completely different from stupid
networks. Such networks are all centrally controlled, with the carrier
defining different bits as separate services, controlling who can sell
what, and taking a cut on every transaction.
Isenberg left AT&T in 1998 as ?Distinguished Member of the Technical
Staff? but has been better known as mud, Voldemort and Who?s He at Bell
offices ever since. (This is especially true for those who work as Bell
Isenberg will just be one member of the agency?s National Broadband
Task Force, one voice out of many. The FCC is also taking public
comment online and holding hearings.
But at least his voice will be heard.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Open Source using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-13 21:54:34
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Sixth Sense Technology" Will Be Open Source 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: "Sixth Sense Technology" Will
Be Open Source via Boing Boing by Maggie Koerth-Baker on 11/12/09
My husband called me last night all a-twitter and once I got him
talking slow enough to understand that he wasn't going on about "six
pennies", I could sympathize with the high level of enthusiasm. Earlier
this year, "Sixth Sense Technology" from MIT---basically, a visual
interface system that allows you and the computer in your cell phone to
communicate in some truly astounding ways---was a big hit at TED. This
week, at TED India, inventor Pranav Mistry announced that the
technology will be released as open source...in a matter of months.
"Rather than waiting for that time to come, I want people to make their
own system. Why not?," Mistry says in an article on Rediff
Business. "People will be able to make their own hardware. I will give
them instructions how to make it. And also provide them key
software...give them basic key software layers...they will be able to
build their own applications. They will be able to modify base level
and do anything".
Makers, start your engines.
Mistry to make digital "Sixth Sense" open source on Rediff Business
The importance of Sixth Sense going open source on zdnet
Sixth Sense augmented reality device goes open source on Singularity
Hub (natch)
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Boing Boing using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-14 22:21:22
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Teaching the market a lesson 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Teaching the market a lesson
via Seth's Blog by Seth Godin on 11/14/09
Some book publishers don't like the Kindle. Either they're afraid of it
or they've crunched the numbers and they don't like what they see.
(Some days, 95% of the top selling Kindle titles are free...
demonstrating that digital goods with zero marginal cost and plentiful
substitutes tend to move to zero in price).
Worried about the medium, they hold back, delay or even refuse to
support it.
Which is fine if you have market power, but you likely don't. No
publisher does, certainly. The Beatles couldn't stop iTunes from
changing the record business by sitting out the platform, and there's
no book publisher who can stop the Kindle alone.
It's tempting to look at a high-momentum market innovation, something
that brings efficiency but leaves change in its wake, and try to stop
it single-handedly. Tempting, but not so smart, I think. The market
waits for no one.
The alternative to joining in is to sit out the game loudly. Don't just
hold back your support, organize your peers. Create a (sometimes
illegal) coordinated effort to stop innovation. I'm not going to bet
much on your efforts, but it will certainly outperform a solo effort.
Quiet, passive-aggressive whining in the corner is both annoying and
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Seth's Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-15 00:14:30
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open source swarmbots 
Open hardware micro swarmbots.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Open source swarmbots via MAKE
Magazine by Gareth Branwyn on 11/14/09
One of my fave websites at the moment is Hizook, Travis Deyle's robot
news portal. Here's a snippet from a piece he posted about the
University of Stuttgart and University of Karlsruhe's open source swarm
robot project:
I'm a huge fan of so-called micro robots -- those with cm length
scales, thus ? m3. I've posted about numerous micro robots before,
including the amazing Alice micro robot swarms from EPFL, and I am a
long-time micro and nano autonomous sumo robot advocate (see
RoboGames). Perhaps that is why I'm so excited about the SwarmRobot.org
open hardware micro-robot swarm, developed by the University of
Stuttgart and the University of Karlsruhe. All of the hardware and
software is open (in the GPL sense), including parts lists, circuit
board and chassis designs, and software. With a stated goal to produce
sub-?100 robots, I'd really like to see this take off. Combined with a
wireless power surface, a micro-robot in perpetual motion would make a
great desk ornament!
Open Hardware Micro-Robot Swarm Project
Read more | Permalink | Comments | Read more articles in Robotics |
Digg this!
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to MAKE Magazine using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-15 22:47:31
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free Movies Online... 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Film Draft via Open Culture by
Dan Colman on 11/14/09
Where to watch free movies online? Here?s a list that will get you
started. We?ve listed 30 sites that feature a wide range of films, plus
a healthy number of great films. Classics, international, film noir,
documentaries, indies ? they?re all here, waiting to be watched. So
Free Movies Online
- A Woman (1915) with Charlie Chaplin.
- Adaptation (2002) Directed by Spike Jonze. Nicolas Cage. (US viewers
- A Story of Healing (1997) Won Academy Award for best documentary
short subject.
- Alexander Nevsky (1938) A historical drama film directed by the great
Russian filmmaker Sergei Eisenstein.
- Battleship Potemkin (1925) Directed by the great Russian director,
Sergei Eisenstein.
- Behind the Screen (1916) With Charlie Chaplin.
- Birth a Nation (1915) Directed by DW Griffith. A landmark work in
film history (1915) with racist undertones. Also see his later movie,
Abraham Lincoln
- Beat the Devil (1953) Directed by John Huston with Humphrey Bogart
and Peter Lorre.
- Blackmail (1929) Directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
- Bon Voyage (1944) A French language WWII propaganda film by Alfred
Hitchcock. Also see Aventure Malgache.
- Charade (1963) starring Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn. (US viewers
- Death Mills (1945) Billy Wilder?s documentary for Germans showing
what Allies found when they liberated Nazi extermination camps.
- Death Rides a Horse (1967) Giulio Petroni?s top spaghetti western.
- Detour (1945) Edgar Ulmer?s cult classic noir film shot in 6 days.
- D.O.A. (1950) Rudolph Mat??s classic noir film. You can also watch
the movie here.
- Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas (1998) Starring Johnny Depp. (US viewers
- Happy Go Lovely (1951) A classic comedy with David Niven and Cesare
- Hell?s House (1932) with Bette Davis.
- His Girl Friday (1940) Directed by Howard Hawks. A classic comedy
with Cary Grant.
- Impact (1940) Arthur Lubin?s well reviewed noir flic.
- In Cold Blood (1967) with Robert Blake. (US viewers only)
- It Happened One Night (1934) Directed by Frank Capra with Clark Gable.
- It?s a Wonderful Life (1946) Directed by the great Frank Capra.
Starring Jimmy Stewart.
- Kid Auto Races at Venice (1914) With Charlie Chaplin.
- La Femme Nikita (1990). Directed by Luc Besson. (US viewers only)
- Lost in Translation (2003) with Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray.
(US viewers only)
- M (1931) Directed by Fritz Lang with Peter Lorre. In German.
- Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939) Directed by Frank Capra with
Jimmy Stewart.
- Murder! (1930) Directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
- Night of the Living Dead (1968). A cult horror classic.
- Nosferatu (1922) Classic German silent film.
- Panic in the Streets (1950), Directed by Elia Kazan with Jack Palance.
- Penny Serenade (1941) with Cary Grant and Irene Dunne.
- Quicksand (1950) with Mickey Rooney and Peter Lorre.
- Paradise Canyon (1935) Starring John Wayne.
- Rashomon (1950) By the great Japanese director Akira Kurosawa.
- Romance Sentimentale (1930) Directed by Sergei Eisenstein.
- Rich and Strange (1931) Directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
- Ronin (1998) With Robert DeNiro. (US viewers only)
- Royal Wedding (1951) With Fred Astaire.
- Scarlet Street (1945) Directed by Fritz Lang with Edward G. Robinson.
A film noir great.
- Shadow of a Doubt (1943) Directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
- Secret Agent (1936) Directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
- Sita Sings the Blues, new prize-winning animation film by Nina Paley.
- Spartacus (1959) Starring Laurence Olivier and Kirk Douglas. (US
viewers only)
- Suddenly (1954) with Frank Sinatra and James Gleason.
- Taxi Driver (1976) Directed by Martin Scorsese with Robert DeNiro (US
viewers only)
- The 39 Steps (1935) One of Alfred Hitchcock?s first hits.
- The Amazing Quest of Ernest Bliss (1936) With Cary Grant
- The Battle of Midway (1942) Directed by John Ford. Narrated by Henry
- The Battle of San Pietro (1945) John Huston?s war time documentary.
- The Bell Boy (1918) Featuring Fatty Arbuckle and Buster Keaton.
- The Hitch-Hiker (1953) The first noir film made by a woman noir
director, Ida Lupino.
- The General (1926) with Buster Keaton.
- The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1923) with Lon Chaney
- The Man Who Knew Too Much (1956) Directed by Alfred Hitchcock with
James Stewart and Doris Day.
- The Outlaw (1943) Directed by Howard Hughes.
- The Ring (1929) Directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
- The Pawnshop (1916) with Charlie Chaplin.
- The Pride of the Yankees (1942) Starring Gary Cooper. (US viewers
- The Phantom of the Opera (1925). A classic featuring Lon Chaney.
- The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes (1970) Directed by Billy Wilder.
(US viewers only)
- The Rink (1916) with Charlie Chaplin.
- The Scarlet Pimpernel (1934)
- The Sheik (1921) Silent film with Rudolph Valentino.
- The Snows of Kilimanjaro (1952) with Gregory Peck.
- The Skin Game (1931) Directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
- The Stranger (1946) Directed by Orson Welles with Edward G Robinson.
- The Street Fighter (1974) One of Quentin Tarantino?s favorite karate
- The Terror (1963) with Jack Nicholson and partly shot by Francis Ford
- Tillie?s Punctured Romance (1914) with Charlie Chaplin.
- Utopia (1951) Laurel & Hardy?s last film.
- White Heat (1949) with James Cagney, a classic gangster film.
- Young and Innocent (1937) Directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
- Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
- Requiem for a Dream(with Jennifer Connelly and Ellen Burstyn)
- (by Whit Stillman)
- Of Mice and Men(with John Malkovich)
- The Fifth Element (by Luc Besson with Bruce Willis)
- 28 Days Later (by Danny Boyle, who later directed Slumdog Millionaire)
- Koyaanisqatsi (by Godfrey Reggio with music composed by Philip Glass)
- Morgan Spurlock?s Super Size Me
- Naomi Wolf?s The End of America
- The Times of Harvey Milk, an Oscar winner
- The Atheism Tapes: Richard Dawkins
- Un Chien Andalou, Salvador Dali and Louis Bunuel?s short surrealist
- Touki Bouki, Senegal, 1973
- Dry Summer, Turkey 1974
- Transes, Morocco, 1981
- The House Maid, South Korea, 1960
- Bram Stoker?s Dracula,
- Clint Eastwood?s Spaghetti Westerns (The Good, The Bad and The Ugly,
A Fistful of Dollars and For a Few Dollars More)
- His Girl Friday with Cary Grant
- A Farewell to Arms with Gary Cooper, and
- Yann Arthus-Bertrand?s film, Home
General Films/Movies
Internet Archive ? Feature Films: When you?re looking for free movies
online, the Internet Archive should be your first stop. It features
large collections of classic comedies, film noir and sci-fi/horror
flix. Some important filmed housed here include:
Google Video: For some time now, major classics have appeared on
Google?s site. Here are a few examples:
Australian Screen Archive: The Australian National Film and Sound
Archive provides free and worldwide access to over 1,000 film and
television titles ? a treasure chest of down-under video 100 years in
the making.
Babelgum Films: Babelgum?s goal is to act as an international ?glue?,
bringing a huge range of professional and semi-professional films to a
global audience ? like a modern-day Tower of Babel. They?re also making
an effort to get their content to smartphones. They have an iPhone app
now and apps for other phones on the horizon. Get more detail on the
mobile apps here.
BestOnlineDocumentaries: As one reader previously told us, ?This site
is a bit out of date and some of the links are broken, but it?s still a
great compilation of online documentaries.? For more documentaries, you
should also see Snagfilms mentioned below.
Classic Cinema Online: This site nicely pulls together hundreds of
classic films, ranging from Action to Westerns and even old cinema
shorts and news reels. Some notable mentions include:
Crackle.com: If you?re looking for more mainstream movies, here you go.
This is Sony?s online movie play. You get free films here. And right
now it?s actually featuring
(Note: there?s probably some geo-blocking that comes with this. Can
anyone verify?) Meanwhile, one of our readers has also suggested the
UK-based Blinkbox, which seems to offer another platform for more
mainstream films.)
Creative Commons: The folks who gave us the Creative Commons license
host a wiki where you can find a good number of freely available films.
Handy and worth keeping an eye on. I?d also suggest keeping tabs on
CC?s Video blog. Some notable films released under a Creative Commons
license include:
Daily Motion Movies: This YouTube-style video site features a section
that offers short films in HD. The collection is small, and you won?t
find well known films here. But some movies get decent reviews. This
looks to be part of a beta project that could expand.
Documentary Film Network: This site has been archiving documentaries
for the past 4 years and serving them free of charge. Among the 181
films, you can find some of the Nixon-Frost interviews and a Che
Guevara Biography.
Europa Film Treasures: Thanks to Europa Film Treasures, you can spend
hours looking back through an archive of European film. Theses films
range from ?comedy to science fiction, from westerns to animation, from
erotic to ethnological movies.? Highly recommended by our readers.
Fancast: This Comcast-owned site features a long list of free movies.
Some notable films include
Film Annex: This site has one of the largest selections of online films
for you to watch or download. See films from independent filmmakers and
directors from all over the world, and download or stream to your PC,
laptop or iPhone. The films are ad-supported, and they include:
FMO: FreeMoviesOnline features a large selection of public domain
films. Here, you?ll find films featuring:
Free Documentaries Online: The name says it all.
Free Documentaries.Org: Specializes in showing provocative
documentaries for free?
Free Movies Cinema: A mixture of yet more free films, which includes
Quentin Tarantino?s early film, My Best Friend?s Birthday
Hulu: Unfortunately Hulu limits its programming to a US audience (a
policy that really needs to change), but it?s the 800 pound gorilla in
the US, and there are some decent films here. To name a few:
IMDB: This is perhaps a little redundant, but the Internet Movie
Database (IMDB) also hosts some free online films (as well as TV shows)
on its site. From what I can tell, it?s done in partnership with Hulu.
But this collection has the advantage of pointing you to some decent
films. Click here and scroll down. You can also find another
re-packager of Hulu flix over at Veoh.com.
Indie Movies Online: Just as it sounds. A good place to watch
full-fledged indie films on the web. Right now, you can find Peter
Greenaway?s film, Rembrandt?s J?accuse and The Future We Will Create ?
Inside the World of TED. The site seems to be available in the US, UK,
Canada and Australia, but perhaps also beyond.
Jaman: Jaman is mainly a pay-per-download site that focuses on
indie-style films, but they do host some free movies. Even though they
have a page devoted to their free films, it?s actually not that easy to
find the freebies. You have to fish around a little.
Legal Torrents: Pretty much what the name says. Legaltorrents.com hosts
high quality open-licensed (Creative Commons) digital media and art.
This link takes you to their movie section.
NFB.ca: NFB.ca is a web site where you can watch films produced by the
National Film Board of Canada. It offers access to 100s of
documentaries, animated films and trailers. You can also access this
collection via a free iPhone app. (PS You should also check out our own
free iPhone app, which will let you download free audio books, free
courses, free language lessons, and other types of intelligent media.)
OVGuide: If you?re looking for more free films, you should pay this
site a visit. OVGuide is an up-to-date guide to online video, including
TV shows, movies, and video games. It offers another way to find free
movies online.
PBS Video: PBS hosts online a new film based on Michael Pollan?s
bestseller, Botany of Desire. Other PBS productions are also housed
QuickSilverScreen: This site essentially puts torrents online and lets
you watch films posted by other users, including many new films. It?s
hard to believe that this site is entirely kosher, but it?s very
popular (one of the top 3,000 sites on the web) and hardly a closely
held secret.
Sling.com: This collection contains some dreck, but also some decent
documentaries and classic films. So it gets on the list.
SnagFilms: SnagFilms ?finds the world?s most compelling documentaries,
whether from established heavyweights or first-time filmmakers, and
makes them available to a wide audience.? You can watch full-length
documentary films for free. Currently includes over 550 films. Among
other films, you can find:
Steven Spielberg Film and Video Archive: This online catalog ?provides
access to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum?s Steven
Spielberg Film and Video Archive. The Archive serves as a comprehensive
informational and archival resource worldwide for moving image
materials pertaining to the Holocaust and related aspects of World War
II. ?
The Auteurs.com: Though this site typically offers arts films on a
pay-per-view basis, it does feature a series of free films. Each month,
a free film is featured (see example here). The site also hosts free
international films restored by Martin Scorsese?s Word Cinema
Foundation, mentioned right below. And you can find another set of free
films here.
Veoh.com: Tends to redistribute films from Hulu but some other gems one
can be found here.
Video on Demand at Amazon.com: Ok, it?s not the most enriching
collection of films. But if you?re looking for something light?
World Cinema Foundation: The WCF, created by Martin Scorsese in 2007,
has restored a series of classic international films. You can watch
them for free online:
YouTube Movies: YouTube hosts a series of full-length movies (that are
likely geo-restricted). Right now, some of the free movies include:
- YouTube Screening Room: The Screening Room presents high quality,
short independent films to YouTube users and promises to roll out four
new films every two weeks. The collection includes some Academy-Award
winners and other quality films. More info here.
Sources Used to Create This List
- Public domain collection of film noir at Archive.org ? Boing Boing
- The Best: Movies in the Public Domain ? Wired
- Films in the Public Domain ? Wikipedia
- Fimoculous list of Hulu Movies
- About.com: Download the Classics
For more Free Culture, see our other major collections:
Free Courses Online
Free Audio Books
Free Language Lessons
Intelligent Video: The Top Cultural & Educational Video Sites
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Open Culture using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-16 12:21:26
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?LoveMachine_Inc=3A_Second_Life_founder?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: LoveMachine Inc: Second Life
founder?s reputation-as-currency start-up? via Futurismic by Paul Raven
on 11/16/09
Oh, to be a CEO of a tech start-up? they can get bored of their
projects even faster than the public can, y?know. Actually, that?s a
little unfair ? Philip Rosedale, the man behind Linden Lab, hasn?t lost
interest in Second life so much as he?s looking for a new fish to fry
with his new company, LoveMachine Inc. [image by Mrs. Bones]
What does LoveMachine do? Apparently it?s developing a system of the
same name that was used by Linden Lab as a points-based incentive tool:
Linden employees gave and received ?love? for a job well done. If an
employee was well-received amongst his or her peers, their accumulated
love currency was redeemable for a cash bonus at the end of the month.
Similar to social capital systems like Whuffie Bank, it appears that
LoveMachine may become a reputation currency system for businesses.
Interesting to see another outfit chasing after reputation economies as
a potential business model? and restricting such a system to the
limited and manageable confines of discreet organisations makes sense,
as closed economies are inherently easier to manage. I expect they?ve
heeded Bruce Schneier?s advice on reputation economies, too:
You?ve all experienced a reputation economy: restaurants. Some
restaurants have a good reputation, and are filled with regulars. When
restaurants get a bad reputation, people stop coming and they close.
Tourist restaurants ? whose main attraction is their location, and
whose customers frequently don?t know anything about their reputation ?
can thrive even if they aren?t any good. And sometimes a restaurant can
keep its reputation ? an award in a magazine, a special occasion
restaurant that ?everyone knows? is the place to go ? long after its
food and service have declined.
Details of the LoveMachine plans are understandably sketchy at the
moment. However, Rosedale and company have got a public worklist of
jobs that they need a contractor to take on, and ? if you live in the
San Francisco area ? they?re looking to hire. [hat tip to Fabio
Project Wonderful - Your ad here, right now, for as low as $0.00
LoveMachine Inc: Second Life founder?s reputation-as-currency start-up?
Tags: economics ? LoveMachine ? metaverse ? reputation ? Second-Life
Related posts
- Virtual economies, virtual reputations and virtual business suits (1)
- The metaverse: booming despite your absence (0)
- The banks are shutting down! (3)
- Death and taxes ? IRS advises taxing metaverse economies (1)
- US Army jumps on the Second Life bandwagon? just as it stops moving
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Futurismic using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-16 12:24:39
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Rowan's economics for humanity | Andrew Brown 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Rowan's economics for humanity
Guardian | guardian.co.uk by Andrew Brown on 11/16/09
Rowan Williams' speech on the human dimensions that an economy needs is
one of the best thing she has done in public life
Rowan Williams' speech to the TUC on the economy is a reminder of just
how clear and thought-provoking he can be. His particular talent is to
overload language, and sometimes it breaks down under the strain. But
sometimes he just tenses up and does its job. Here are the first two
'Economy" is simply the Greek word for "housekeeping". Remembering this
is a useful way of getting things in proportion, so that we don't lose
losing sight of the fact that economics is primarily about the
decisions we make so as to create a habitat that we can actually live
in. We are still haunted by the dogma that the economic
world, "economic realities", economic motivations and so on belong in a
completely different frame of reference from the sort of human
decisions we usually make and from considerations of how we build a
place to live. And to speak about building a place to live, a habitat,
reminds us too that we look for an environment that is
stable, "sustainable" in the popular jargon, a home that we can
reasonably expect will be an asset for the next generation.
Economics understood in abstraction from all this is not just an
academic error: it actually dismantles the walls of the home. Appealing
to the market as an independent authority, unconnected with human
decisions about "housekeeping", has meant in many contexts over the
last few decades a ruinous legacy for heavily indebted countries,
large-scale and costly social disruption even in developed economies;
and, most recently, the extraordinary phenomena of a financial trading
world in which the marketing of toxic debt became the driver of
money-making ? until the bluffs were all called at the same time.
This may not be original ? the subtitle of E.F. Schumacher's Small is
Beautiful is "Economics as if people mattered" ? but it's beautifully
There are good bits later on in the speech, too:
An economic climate based on nothing but calculations of self-interest,
sometimes fed by an amazingly distorted version of Darwinism, doesn't
build a habitat for human beings; at best it builds a sort of fortified
boxroom for paranoiacs (with full electronic services, of course). What
is rather encouraging is how few people, faced with this, seem actually
to want a society composed of people like this. And, despite the alarms
occasionally sounded about younger people's fanatical networking
through electronic media, my sense is that this often goes in practice
with a genuine desire for friendship and isn't in competition with
face-to-face contact.
But it could have done with one more edit to be great. Immediately
after the passage I have just quoted comes this sentence: "We have, to
some extent anyway, looked into the abyss where individualism is
concerned and we know that it won't do." Eww. Here is the bit where he
needs to give a political audience something to bite one, and instead
the whole thing, "to some extent anyway", turns to marshmallow. It's
not enough to make phrases. You have to throw away the phrases that
don't make.
- Religion
- Christianity
- Rowan Williams
- Economic growth (GDP)
- Economic policy
- EthicsAndrew Brown
guardian.co.uk ? Guardian News & Media Limited 2009 | Use of this
content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Environment news, comment and analysis from the Guardian
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-16 08:16:30
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] anti-microfinance movement in nicaragua protests 
Not quite the whole picture as I have seen it.  As I have mentioned before,
I lend a lot on microfinance sites.  My most common is MyC4.com ...a Danish
non-profit working in Eastern Africa mostly.  I know a fair amount about the
I often lend at rates up to 20%.  So far, I have lost 10% of my funds--that
is, I have a negative ten percent return...if I had 1000 euros, I now have
900.  Why?  Not defaults.  In general, people pay because it is a very good
deal for them.  The great deal for the borrowers is that the currency risk
is bourne by the lender.  So I lend in Euros...they borrow in local
currency.  As the local currency falls versus the Euro (since most global
currencies most closely track the dollar or simply fall until worthless
anyway...) the lender borrows current dollars without any risk of ever
paying back even the full amount borrowed much less interest.  If I were a
local person, I'd buy all the tangible low-depreciation assets I possibly
could through microfinance.  That is, you want to buy printing presses,
machine tools, farm tools, etc.  You don't want to buy carrying
stock...which is what most of the loans are for...retail trade.  The most
common developing world business is unfortunately buying a manufactured good
from the developed world (e.g. a cell phone) and then marking it up.  Not a
horrible business, but not a very productive one either.  On a GDP basis,
there is much greater benefit to be had by buying raw materials and then
making something...the Chinese learned this because they have excellent
economists...thousands of them now.
I don't make such loans to make money..those who try to do so have long
since left the field...far easier for me to lend money to GE or J.P. Morgan
if I want to make money.
So to call what is going on "usury" is a bit much.  Drying up these loans
will only cut capital to the poor...one of the last places where it is
useful.  El Salvador may have different issues, but the article paints with
a broad (and seemingly ignorant) brush.  What they are saying is certainly
not the case in Africa...or most of Asia.  If a person wants to assure they
are loaning in a manner favorable to the poor, I recommend MyC4.com which I
have personally witnessed do a great deal of good.

@_date: 2009-11-17 00:17:20
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The one thing depleting faster than oil is the 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The one thing depleting faster
than oil is the credibility of those measuring it | George Monbiot via
Environment news, comment and analysis from the Guardian |
guardian.co.uk by George Monbiot on 11/16/09
The challenge of feeding billions of people as fuel supplies fall is
staggering. And yet leaders' heads remain stuck in the sand
I don't know when global oil supplies will start to decline. I do know
that another resource has already peaked and gone into free fall: the
credibility of the body that's meant to assess them. Last week two
whistleblowers from the International Energy Agency alleged that it has
deliberately upgraded its estimate of the world's oil supplies in order
not to frighten the markets. Three days later, a paper published by
researchers at Uppsala University in Sweden showed that the IEA's
forecasts must be wrong, because it assumes a rate of extraction that
appears to be impossible. The agency's assessment of the state of
global oil supplies is beginning to look as reliable as Alan
Greenspan's blandishments about the health of the financial markets.
If the whistleblowers are right, we should be stockpiling ammunition.
If we are taken by surprise, if we have failed to replace oil before
the supply peaks then crashes, the global economy is stuffed. But
nothing the whistle-blowers said has scared me as much as the
conversation I had last week with a Pembrokeshire farmer.
Wyn Evans, who runs a mixed farm of 170 acres, has been trying to
reduce his dependency on fossil fuels since 1977. He has installed an
anaerobic digester, a wind turbine, solar panels and a ground-sourced
heat pump. He has sought wherever possible to replace diesel with his
own electricity. Instead of using his tractor to spread slurry, he
pumps it from the digester on to nearby fields. He's replaced his
tractor-driven irrigation system with an electric one, and set up a new
system for drying hay indoors, which means he has to turn it in the
field only once. Whatever else he does is likely to produce smaller
savings. But these innovations have reduced his use of diesel by only
around 25%.
According to farm scientists at Cornell University, cultivating one
hectare of maize in the United States requires 40 litres of petrol and
75 litres of diesel. The amazing productivity of modern farm labour has
been purchased at the cost of a dependency on oil. Unless farmers can
change the way it's grown, a permanent oil shock would price food out
of the mouths of many of the world's people. Any responsible government
would be asking urgent questions about how long we have got.
Instead, most of them delegate this job to the International Energy
Agency. I've been bellyaching about the British government's refusal to
make contingency plans for the possibility that oil might peak by 2020
for the past two years, and I'm beginning to feel like a madman with a
sandwich board. Perhaps I am, but how lucky do you feel? The new World
Energy Outlook published by the IEA last week expects the global demand
for oil to rise from 85m barrels a day in 2008 to 105m in 2030. Oil
production will rise to 103m barrels, it says, and biofuels will make
up the shortfall. If we want the oil, it will materialise.
The agency does caution that conventional oil is likely to "approach a
plateau" towards the end of this period, but there's no hint of the
graver warning that the IEA's chief economist issued when I interviewed
him last year: "We still expect that it will come around 2020 to a
plateau ? I think time is not on our side here." Almost every year the
agency has been forced to downgrade its forecast for the daily supply
of oil in 2030: from 123m barrels in 2004, to 120m in 2005, 116m in
2007, 106m in 2008 and 103m this year. But according to one of the
whistleblowers, "even today's number is much higher than can be
justified, and the International Energy Agency knows this".
The Uppsala report, published in the journal Energy Policy, anticipates
that maximum global production of all kinds of oil in 2030 will be 76m
barrels per day. Analysing the IEA's figures, it finds that to meet its
forecasts for supply, the world's new and undiscovered oilfields would
have to be developed at a rate "never before seen in history". As many
of them are in politically or physically difficult places, and as
capital is short, this looks impossible. Assessing existing fields, the
likely rate of discovery and the use of new techniques for extraction,
the researchers find that "the peak of world oil production is probably
occurring now".
Are they right? Who knows? Last month the UK Energy Research Centre
published a massive review of all the available evidence on global oil
supplies. It found that the date of peak oil will be determined not by
the total size of the global resource but by the rate at which it can
be exploited. New discoveries would have to be implausibly large to
make a significant difference: even if a field the size of all the oil
reserves ever struck in the US were miraculously discovered, it would
delay the date of peaking by only four years. As global discoveries
peaked in the 1960s, a find like this doesn't seem very likely.
Regional oil supplies have peaked when about one third of the total
resource has been extracted: this is because the rate of production
falls as the remaining oil becomes harder to shift when the fields are
depleted. So the assumption in the IEA's new report, that oil
production will hold steady when the global resource has fallen "to
around one half by 2030" looks unsafe. The UK Energy Research Centre's
review finds that, just to keep oil supply at present levels, "more
than two thirds of current crude oil production capacity may need to be
replaced by 2030 ? At best, this is likely to prove extremely
challenging." There is, it says "a significant risk of a peak in
conventional oil production before 2020". Unconventional oil won't save
us: even a crash programme to develop the Canadian tar sands could
deliver only 5m barrels a day by 2030.
As a report commissioned by the US Department of Energy shows, an
emergency programme to replace current energy supplies or equipment to
anticipate peak oil would need about 20 years to take effect. It seems
unlikely that we have it. The world economy is probably knackered,
whatever we might do now. But at least we could save farming. There are
two possible options: either the mass replacement of farm machinery or
the development of new farming systems that don't need much labour or
There are no obvious barriers to the mass production of electric
tractors and combine harvesters: the weight of the batteries and an
electric vehicle's low-end torque are both advantages for tractors. A
switch to forest gardening and other forms of permaculture is trickier,
especially for producing grain; but such is the scale of the creeping
emergency that we can't afford to rule anything out.
The challenge of feeding seven or eight billion people while oil
supplies are falling is stupefying. It'll be even greater if
governments keep pretending that it isn't going to happen.
- Oil
- Oil
- Energy
- Energy
- Farming
- US politics
- FoodGeorge Monbiot
guardian.co.uk ? Guardian News & Media Limited 2009 | Use of this
content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Environment news, comment and analysis from the Guardian
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-17 00:35:48
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Genetically Enhance Humanity or Face Extinction 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Genetically Enhance Humanity or
Face Extinction via Ethical Technology on 11/16/09
In his talk at the Festival of Dangerous Ideas, philosopher and
bioethicist Julian Savulescu, Uehiro Professor of Practical Ethics at
the University of Oxford., examines the nature of human beings as
products of evolution, in particular their limited altruism, limited
co-operative instincts and limited ability to take account of the
future consequences of actions. He argues that humans? biology and
psychology are unfit for the kind of society we live in and we must
either alter our political institutions, severely restrain our
technology or change our nature. Or face annihilation by our own
design. Festival of Dangerous Ideas, Sydney Opera House, October 2009
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Ethical Technology using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-17 14:04:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] anti-microfinance movement in nicaragua protests 
Hi Michel,
Here is the math:
Let's say you start a school in Kenya and borrow 1,000 euros from me to
start it.  At the time of transaction, you sign a note saying you will
payback 10,000 Kenyan currency units rather than 1,000 euros.  The interest
rate is 20%.  So, in simple interest terms, you will payback 12,000 Kenyan
units over 12 months.  In that 12 months, the Euro increases in value and is
no longer worth 10,000 Kenyan units but 15,000 Kenyan units.  You
nevertheless pay back 12,000 units.  The microfinance firm reconverts my
payments and I receive 12/15s of 1000 euros...thus, a considerable loss.
You won as a Kenyan if you could by something worth euros that didn't
depreciate much...like a printing press or a pizza oven.  You lost if you
were just capitalizing stock and it is sitting on your shelves.
Currency depreciation is a type of inflation.  Debters win when inflation
occurs.  Imagine it this way...you lend me gold, and I pay you back in US
dollars at a fixed current rate.  If gold prices increase, I win.  The thing
is, developing world currencies nearly always depreciate.  The sign of a
country "making it" is when their currency turns around...like Brazil's of
late.  At that point you no longer want to borrow, but to lend.  In the old
days (and currently) bad organizations like the IMF make you borrow in
dollars and pay back in dollars.  So you face the currency risk...that
has hammered many a small economy.

@_date: 2009-11-17 22:44:28
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Michael Gelobter on the Future of Energy 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Michael Gelobter on the Future
of Energy via Uploads by singularityu by singularityu on 11/17/09
Michael Gelobter on the Future of Energy
Salim Ismail, Executive Director of Singularity University, interviews
Michael Gelobter about the future of energy. From: singularityu Views:
58 2 ratings Time: 12:38 More in Science & Technology
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Uploads by singularityu using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-18 10:20:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Computing / Brain 
KurzweilAI.net, Nov. 18, 2009
Results of massively parallel cortical simulations of a
catcortex, with 1.5 billion neurons and 9 trillion
synapse s, running on Lawrence Berkeley
National Laboratory's Dawn Blue Gene/P
will be presented by IBM and LLNL researchers
todayat the
SC09  Conference on High Performance
Network ing and Computing in Portland.
"The simulations, which incorporate phenomenological spiking neurons,
individual synapse s, axonal delays, and dynamic
synaptic channels, exceed the scale of the
catcortex, marking the dawn of a new era in the scale of cortical
according to the ACM proceedings
*BlueMatter, a new algorithm  created in
collaboration with Stanford University, exploits the Blue Gene
supercomputing architecture  in
orderto noninvasively measure and map
the connections between all cortical and
sub-cortical locations within the human brain  using magnetic resonance diffusion
weighted imaging. Mapping the wiring diagram of the
brainis crucial to untangling its vast
communication networkand understanding how it
represents and processes
information .
Research )*
*Also see: IBM Moves Closer To Creating Computer Based on Insights From The
Brain *

@_date: 2009-11-18 18:53:29
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peak Uranium? Our nuclear future might be shorter 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Peak Uranium? Our nuclear
future might be shorter than we thought via Futurismic by Paul Raven on
We?ve all heard of Peak Oil (even if there?s some doubt about whether
we?ve heard the truth over when it?s going to actually kick in), but
there?s no need to worry ? nuclear power will step in to fill the gap,
right? [image courtesy Wikimedia Commons]
Well, not for long, perhaps, at least according to Dr Michael Dittmar
and his new analysis of the global nuclear industry:
? the most worrying problem is the misconception that uranium is
plentiful. The world?s nuclear plants today eat through some 65,000
tons of uranium each year. Of this, the mining industry supplies about
40,000 tons. The rest comes from secondary sources such as civilian and
military stockpiles, reprocessed fuel and re-enriched uranium. ?But
without access to the military stocks, the civilian western uranium
stocks will be exhausted by 2013, concludes Dittmar.
It?s not clear how the shortfall can be made up since nobody seems to
know where the mining industry can look for more.
That means countries that rely on uranium imports such as Japan and
many western countries will face uranium shortages, possibly as soon as
2013. Far from being the secure source of energy that many governments
are basing their future energy needs on, nuclear power looks decidedly
But what of new technologies such as fission breeder reactors which
generate fuel and nuclear fusion? Dittmar is pessimistic about fission
breeders. ?Their huge construction costs, their poor safety records and
their inefficient performance give little reason to believe that they
will ever become commercially significant,? he says.
The upswing of Dittmar?s research is that it provides a good reason for
the nuclear powers of the world to continue using their military
weapons-grade stock for civilian purposes? I can?t find the link, but I
read somewhere recently that something like 10% of the US energy grid
is powered by decommissioned warhead material already. Swords to
ploughshares, indeed.
Of course, as with any matter pertaining to energy generation these
days, there are disagreements as to the validity of Dittmar?s research;
a commenter at the Technology review piece linked above points to this
response in the Wall Street Journal:
Worries about long-term uranium supplies surface every so often; talk
of a global nuclear revival fans the flames. So what?s the score?
The International Atomic Energy Agency and Nuclear Energy Agency figure
there?s enough uranium to power existing plants for 100 years. Granted,
there are some supply-side issues. About 40% of current uranium
supplies come from stockpiles and old weapons?not from uranium mines?so
new sources need to be developed soon to avoid ?uranium supply
shortfalls,? they say.
Nuclear power?s growth will nearly double the world?s appetite for
uranium by 2030, says the IAEA/NEA ?Red Book,? but there should be
enough in the ground to go around?
So, once again, the problem for a layman like myself (in the absence of
access to the evidence, plus the time and expertise to do the research)
is deciding whose version to believe. I rather suspect this issue will
increase in visibility in the coming years, so I?m going to withhold
any judgement for now? though I will note that both Peak Oil and Peak
Uranium are being downplayed by those non-governmental organisations
whose power and influence will wane and disappear in sympathy with the
availability of the resource which they manage. Cui bono, and all that.
Project Wonderful - Your ad here, right now, for as low as $0.00
Peak Uranium? Our nuclear future might be shorter than we thought
Tags: fuel ? nuclear-power ? peak-oil ? resources ? uranium
Related posts
- Man investigated by feds for making nuclear reaction in bedroom (0)
- Making carbon-neutral fuel from air and water (2)
- Is Peak Oil a lie? (1)
- Charlie Stross on the future of nuclear power (2)
- Wind and solar better than nuclear or clean coal (1)
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Futurismic using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-18 15:25:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The one thing depleting faster than oil is the 
I'd just throw in that grass-fed beef is probably much healthier in that
Omega 3 to Omega 6 fatty acid ratios are more attractive with grass and
alfalfa as forage.  Heart disease is almost unknown amongst the Massai who
eat whole milk and beef almost exclusively.  In fact, high fat diets are now
clearly known to correlate with reduced heart disease...satfat greatly
enhances HDL for instance...there are numerous studies that show that
peoples fed on high fat diets such as cream and cheese have lower CHD than
those who eat a lot of low fat grains and veggies.
As to lamb...in the Caribbean we eat a fair amount of goat.  I tend to
prefer goat...and it is a lot more sustainable.  For a very interesting
nonprofit initative in local food production...look up I want a goat . com.
It turns out that with proper sustainable practices, that meat protein
sources are fairly green.  As a diabetic, I don't have a lot of choices but
to eat a high fat high protein diet...so I need no selling on eliminating
wheat, corn, barely, oats and other grains from our systems.  A lot of
people are choosing raw or "paleo" diets these days for health reasons.
Almost all these are very low carb.  They are also against feeding animals
with conventional grains whether they be in salmon fish farms, chicken
ranches, corn-fed cattle, etc.
Another big advantage of SOLE (small organic local environmental) production
is it is healthier...not because of chemicals used in production so much as
the core sources of foods...whether from grain, etc..

@_date: 2009-11-19 10:22:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Carbon trading - stage one 
The economic theory would be that cap and trade offers aggregate
restrictions while giving firms room to maneuver.  If you can lower costs by
innovating and producing less carbon, then do so and sell your credits.  If
others cannot so innovate, then gradually raise prices and buy credits.  The
results of such systems have been generally good but less than ideal.
The good news in my opinion is that C&T forces tight measures and reduces
burdens on governments--and the right wing of business hates
governments...and won't generally cooperate with it.  This way there are
economic incentives for the conventional anti-government crowd to do the
right things.
All in all I am relunctantly pro C&T..  It isn't perfect, but it is probably
the best and quickest compromise position.  We all wish compromises weren't
necessary, but in a world of differences, you either have power or
compromise.  In my book, given the past, I'll take compromise every time.

@_date: 2009-11-19 14:17:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] anti-microfinance movement in nicaragua protests 
On Thu, Nov 19, 2009 at 2:06 PM, Kevin Carson <
The capital comes from outside.  All the administration in all situations of
which I am aware of...is always local.  In fact, it doesn't work if it isn't
local. The peer pressure of local lenders (almost always small NGOs) is what
helps keep payments flowing.
I have tried to find something wrong with the schemes...tried to be open to
criticisms from Yale, etc.  I can say in my own rather careful review that
these organizations do great things with and for people...I know of no
organization making money off of micro-credit.  If the capital could be
found locally, that would be best...for now, not likely.

@_date: 2009-11-19 14:44:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] anti-microfinance movement in nicaragua protests 
On Thu, Nov 19, 2009 at 2:28 PM, Kevin Carson <
Possibly relevant is Hernando De Soto's "The
Default risk is everything with credit.  Since the day money was founded,
people have lent it and others have defaulted.  The only way to monetize
labor is the risk of effective slavery.
The trouble I have with getting my head around post-scarcity discussions is
the idea of value going in different directions.  Value seems relatively
straightforward to a capitalist.  If I am willing to pay for it, that's what
it is worth.  A market is an open auction on value.  It is an elegantly
simple system that has been rediscovered around the world many times and in
many cultures.  It would be interesting to encounter beings from off our
planet to see what work-arounds they might have found.
For now, value, collateral, interest and money just seem too elegant, simple
and obvious to not continue.

@_date: 2009-11-20 11:24:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Chips in brains to control computers by 2020 -- Intel 
Intel: Chips in brains will control
computers by 2020
Computerworld Nov. 19, 2009
By the year 2020, you won't need a
keyboard and mouse to control your
computer, say Intel Corp.
researchers, who are close to
gaining the ability to build brain
sensing technology into a headset
that culd be used to manipulate a
computer, working with associates at
Carnegie Mellon University and the
University of Pittsburgh. Their next
step is...

@_date: 2009-11-21 17:45:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Time elapse to the Unemployment Economy 
I've studied these maps a bit.  Discouraging.  Certain lessons seem to come
to the for:
1. Areas with lots of migrant labor or high non-white populations in the US
simply cannot maintain employment as well as other areas.
2. Actions to alleviate structural poverty amongst black rural counties in
the South have pretty much failed.
3. Isolation from common travel routes in the East is a source of low
4. Farm labor is a major issue.  It is high in some locations...and
extremely low in others.  It seems that the more human/labor intensive the
work, the higher the unemployment.
5.  The sick get more sick first when unemployment hits.  My guess is that
recovery happens in cities first.  Being rural now...unless you are an oil
and gas location, is economic death.

@_date: 2009-11-22 14:36:04
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Eight Ways In-Vitro Meat will Change Our Lives 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Eight Ways In-Vitro Meat will
Change Our Lives via Articles RSS Feed | h+ Magazine by on 11/17/09
Hank Hyena
View the Digital Edition | Sign Up
"Future Flesh" is squatting on your plate. Are you nervous? Stab it
with a fork. Sniff it. Bite! Chew, swallow. Congratulations!
Will Lab Grown Meat Save the Planet?, Slate
Fake Meat, Wired UK
The world?s addiction to meat and how to grow ground beef in a test
tube, Seed
Lab-Grown Steaks Near the Menu, New Sicentist
Fight Climate Change with Soy Burgers, "In-Vitro Meat, Greenbang
I'll Have My Burger Petri-Dish Bred, with Extra Omega-3, Discover
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Articles RSS Feed | h+ Magazine using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-22 15:23:39
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Real P2P vs. Virtual P2P 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Real P2P vs. Virtual P2P via
David Roodman's Microfinance Open Book Blog by David Roodman on 11/22/09
The demand for direct connection is baffling to me since most donors
absolutely refuse direct connection to the people in need that are
closest to them. Consider: how often do you or your friends take
advantage of the opportunity to give directly and establish a
connection by giving $20 to the guy standing at the [...]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to David Roodman's Microfinance Open Book Blog using Google
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-22 15:29:11
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Fossil_Fuel_CO2_Emissions_Trends_?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Fossil Fuel CO2 Emissions
Trends ? 1990, 2000, 2008 via EcoWorldly by Zachary Shahan on 11/22/09
Overall, global CO2 emissions from fossil fuels increased 29% between
2000 and 2008 and 41% from 1990-2008, and the current concentration of
CO2 in the atmosphere is now at its highest in at least 2 million
years, according to a new study in the journal Nature Geoscience.
The new report published this week by an international team of
researchers who are part of the ?Global Carbon Project? shows emissions
trends through 2008 (including changes in emissions causes and in the
amount of emissions remaining in the atmosphere) and brings up some
major questions for the future as well.
Read more of this story ?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to EcoWorldly using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-22 15:35:33
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?A_Local_Currency_Pilgrimage_to_W=C3=B6rg?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: A Local Currency Pilgrimage to
W?rgl via Transition Culture by Rob on 11/22/09
Well not quite, but en route to a gathering of Ashoka Fellows in
Austria where I?ll be for the next couple of days, I by chance found
myself in the Austrian town of W?rgl, famed for its alternative
currency experiment in the 1930s. In order to mark the deep influence
of what happened there, and [...]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Transition Culture using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-22 16:47:58
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Radical_Abundance=3A_How_We_Get_Past_?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Radical Abundance: How We Get
Past ?Free? and Learn to Exchange Value Again via Ethical Technology on
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Ethical Technology using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-22 20:40:12
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Relocalization Worked 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: How Relocalization Worked via
The Oil Drum - Discussions about Energy and Our Future by Nate Hagens
on 11/22/09
Below the fold is a guest essay by John Michael Greer, author of The
Long Descent, a book I have read and recommend. The post examines the
importance and viability of relocalization from a historical
How Relocalization Worked by John Michael Greer
(Original can be found here.)
One of the points that I?ve tried to make repeatedly in these essays is
the place of history as a guide to what works. It?s a point that
deserves repetition. A good many worldsaving plans now in circulation,
however new the rhetoric that surrounds them, simply rehash proposals
that were tried in the past and failed repeatedly; trying them yet
again may thus not be the best use of our limited resources and time.
Of course there?s another side to history that?s more hopeful:
something that worked well in the past can be a useful guide to what
might work well in the future. I?d like to spend a little time
discussing one example of this, partly because it ties into the theme
of the current series of posts ? the abject failure of current economic
notions, and the options for replacing them with ideas that actually
make sense ? and partly because it addresses one of the more popular
topics in the ongoing peak oil discussion, the need for economic
relocalization as the age of cheap abundant energy comes to an end.
That relocalization needs to happen, and will happen, is clear. Among
other things, it?s clear from history; when complex societies overshoot
their resource bases and decline, one of the things that consistently
happens is that centralized economic arrangements fall apart, long
distance trade declines sharply, and the vast majority of what we now
call consumer goods get made at home, or very close to home. Now of
course that violates some of the conventional wisdom that governs
economic decisions these days; centralized economic arrangements are
thought to yield economies of scale that make them more profitable by
definition than decentralized local arrangements.
When history conflicts with theory, though, it?s not history that?s
wrong, so a second look at the conventional wisdom is in order. The
economies of scale and resulting profits of centralized economic
arrangements don?t happen by themselves. They depend, among other
things, on transportation infrastructure. This doesn?t happen by
itself, either; it happens because governments pay for it, for purposes
of their own. The Roman roads that made the tightly integrated Roman
economy possible, for example, and the interstate highway system that
does the same thing for America, were not produced by entrepreneurs;
they were created by central governments for military purposes. (The
legislation that launched the interstate system in the US, for example,
was pushed by the Department of Defense, which wrestled with
transportation bottlenecks all through the Second World War.)
Government programs of this kind subsidize economic centralization. The
same thing is true of other requirements for centralization ? for
example, the maintenance of public order, so that shipments of consumer
goods can get from one side of the country to the other without being
looted. Governments don?t establish police forces and defend their
borders for the purpose of allowing businesses to ship goods safely
over long distances, but businesses profit mightily from these indirect
subsidies nonetheless.
When civilizations come unglued, in turn, all these indirect subsidies
for economic centralization go away. Roads are no longer maintained,
harbors silt up, bandits infest the countryside, migrant nations invade
and carve out chunks of territory for their own, and so on.
Centralization stops being profitable, because the indirect subsidies
that make it profitable aren?t there any more.
Ugo Bardi has written a very readable summary of how this process
unfolded in one of the best documented cases, the fall of the Roman
Empire. The end of Rome was a process of radical relocalization, and
the result was the Middle Ages. The Roman Empire handled defense by
putting huge linear fortifications along its frontiers; the Middle Ages
replaced this with fortifications around every city and baronial hall.
The Roman Empire was a political unity where decisions affecting every
person within its borders were made by bureaucrats in Rome. Medieval
Europe was the antithesis of this, a patchwork of independent feudal
kingdoms the size of a Roman province, which were internally divided
into self-governing fiefs, those into still smaller fiefs, and so on,
to the point that a single village with a fortified manor house could
be an autonomous political unit with its own laws and the recognized
right to wage war on its neighbors.
The same process of radical decentralization affected the economy as
well. The Roman economy was just as centralized as the Roman polity; in
major industries such as pottery, mass production at huge regional
factories was the order of the day, and the products were shipped out
via sea and land for anything up to a thousand miles to the end user.
That came to a screeching halt when the roads weren?t repaired any
more, the Mediterranean became pirate heaven, and too many of the end
users were getting dispossessed, and often dismembered as well, by
invading Visigoths. The economic system that evolved to fill the void
left by Rome?s implosion was thus every bit as relocalized as a feudal
barony, and for exactly the same reasons.
Here?s how it worked. Each city ? and ?city? in this context means
anything down to a town of a few thousand people ? was an independent
economic center; it might have a few industries of more than local
fame, but most of its business consisted of manufacturing and selling
things to its own citizens and the surrounding countryside. The
manufacturing and selling was managed by guilds, which were
cooperatives of master craftsmen. To get into a guild-run profession,
you had to serve an apprenticeship, usually seven years, during which
you got room and board in exchange for learning the craft and working
for your master; you then became a journeyman, and worked for a master
for wages, until you could produce your masterpiece ? yes, that?s where
the word came from ? which was an example of craftwork fine enough to
convince the other masters to accept you as an equal. Then you became a
master, with voting rights in the guild.
The guild had the legal responsibility under feudal municipal laws to
establish minimum standards for the quality of goods, to regulate
working hours and conditions, and to control prices. The economic
theory of the time held that there was a ?just price? for any good or
service, usually the price that had been customary in the region since
time out of mind, and the municipal authorities could be counted on to
crack down on attempts to push prices above the just price unless there
was some very pressing reason for it. Most forms of competition between
masters were off limits; if you made your apprentices and journeymen
work evenings and weekends to outproduce your competitors, for example,
or sold goods below the just price, you?d get in trouble with the
guild, and could be barred from doing business in the town. The only
form of competition that was encouraged was to make and sell a superior
This was the secret weapon of the guild economy, and it helped drive an
age of technical innovation. As Jean Gimpel showed conclusively in The
Medieval Machine, the stereotype of the Middle Ages as a period of
technological stagnation is completely off the mark. Medieval craftsmen
invented the clock, the cannon, and the movable-type printing press,
perfected the magnetic compass and the water wheel, and made massive
improvements in everything from shipbuilding and steelmaking to
architecture and windmills, just for starters. The competition between
masters and guilds for market share in a legal setting that made
quality and innovation the only fields of combat wasn?t the only force
behind these transformations, to be sure ? the medieval monastic
system, which put a good fraction of intellectuals of both genders in
settings where they could use their leisure for just about any purpose
that could be chalked up to the greater glory of God, was also a potent
factor ? but it certainly played a massive role.
The guild system has nonetheless been a whipping boy for mainstream
economists for a long time now. The person who started that fashion was
none other than Adam Smith, whose The Wealth of Nations castigates the
guilds of his time for what we?d now call antitrust violations. From
within his own perspective, Smith had a point. The guilds were
structured in a way that limited the total number of people who could
work in any given business in any given town, and of course the just
price principle kept prices from fluctuating along with supply and
demand. Thus the prices paid for the goods or services produced by that
business were higher, all things considered, than they would have been
under the free market regime Smith advocated.
The problem with Smith?s analysis is that there are crucial issues
involved that he didn?t address. He lived at a time when transportation
was rapidly expanding, public order was more or less guaranteed, and
the conditions for economic centralization were coming back into play.
Thus the very different realities of limited, localized markets did not
enter into his calculations. In the context of localized economics, a
laissez-faire free market approach doesn?t produce improved access to
better and cheaper goods and services, as Smith argued it should;
instead, it makes it impossible to produce many kinds of goods and
services at all.
Let?s take a specific example for the sake of clarity. A master
blacksmith in a medieval town of 5000 people, say, was in no position
to specialize in only one kind of ironwork. He might be better at fancy
ironmongery than anyone else in town, for example, but most of the
business that kept his shop open, his apprentices fed and clothed, and
his journeymen paid was humbler stuff: nails, hinges, buckles, and the
like. Most of this could be done by people with much less skill than
our blacksmith; that?s why he had his apprentices make nails while he
sat upstairs at the table with the local abbot and discussed the
ironwork for a dizzyingly complex new cutting-edge technology, just
introduced from overseas, called a clock.
The fact that most of his business could be done by relatively
unskilled labor, though, left our blacksmith vulnerable to competition.
His shop, with its specialized tools and its staff of apprentices and
journeymen, was expensive to maintain. If somebody else who could only
make nails, hinges, and buckles could open a smithy next door, and
offer goods at a lower price, our blacksmith could be driven out of
business, since the specialized work that only he could do wouldn?t be
enough to pay his bills. The cut-rate blacksmith then becomes the only
game in town ? at least, until someone who limited his work to even
cheaper products made at even lower costs cut into his profits. The
resulting race to the bottom, in a small enough market, might end with
nobody able to make a living as a blacksmith at all.
Thus in a restricted market where specialization is limited, a free
market in which prices are set by supply and demand, and there are no
barriers to entry, can make it impossible for many useful specialties
to be economically viable at all. This is the problem that the guild
system evolved to counter. By restricting the number of people who
could enter any given trade, the guilds made sure that the income
earned by master craftsmen was high enough to allow them to produce
specialty products that were not needed in large enough quantities to
provide a full time income. Since most of the money earned by a master
craftsman was spent in the town and surrounding region ? our blacksmith
and his family would have needed bread from the baker, groceries from
the grocer, meat from the butcher, and so on ? the higher prices evened
out; since nearly everyone in town was charging guild prices and
earning guild incomes, no one was unfairly penalized.
Now of course the guild system did finally break down; by Adam Smith?s
time, the economic conditions that made it the best option were a
matter of distant memory, and other arrangements were arguably better
suited to the new reality of easy transport and renewed economies of
scale. Still, it?s interesting that in recent years, the same race to
the bottom in which quality goods become unavailable and local
communities suffer has taken place in nearly the same way in most of
small-town America.
A torrent of cheap shoddy goods funneled through Wal-Mart and its ilk,
in a close parallel to the cheap blacksmiths of the example, have
driven local businesses out of existence and made the superior products
and services once provided by those businesses effectively unavailable
to a great many Americans. In theory, this produces a business
environment that is more efficient and innovative; in practice, the
efficiencies are by no means clear and the innovation seems mostly to
involve the creation of ever more exotic and unstable financial
instruments: not necessarily the sort of thing that our society is
better off encouraging.
Advocates of relocalization in the age of peak oil may thus find it
useful to keep the medieval example and its modern equivalent in mind
while planning for the economics of the future. Relocalized communities
must be economically viable or they will soon cease to exist, and while
viable local communities will be possible in the future ? just as they
were in the Middle Ages ? the steps that will be necessary to make them
viable may require some serious rethinking of the habits that now shape
our economic lives.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Oil Drum - Discussions about Energy and Our Future
using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-22 16:15:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How (not) to resolve the energy crisis 
Use of fossil fuels and energy use per capita are both growing...even in
World Bank, the UN and many other measurement bodies publish regularly on
Whether renewables offset these uses I cannot say...I doubt anyone can.
What is clear is that energy consumption and carbon production are both
increasing.  Science groups just today announced goals of peaking carbon in
2015 and reducing it then by 1/2 by 2030.  Certainly the first goal is
fantasy.  Hard to say about the second.

@_date: 2009-11-22 19:35:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
We are in the 23rd month of recession in the US.  The usual recession lasts
about 9 months.  The implications of this are that government revenues have
been in a much longer decline than normal.  Spending cannot generally follow
suit...even if you aren't a Keynesian, most policy makers are wise enough to
know that cutting government spending in a recession isn't a great idea if
you love a stable society.
Consequently debts have increased rapidly.  Something must give.  Usually we
return to growth and tax revenues on the rich increase fairly fast.  Now
with deep cuts on capital gains and lower general revenue levels, government
revenues will rise more slowly.  As such, the capacity to survive future
shocks will be lessened.
What is more, we have very sick state budgets...California, Oregon, Rhode
Island and many others are well past where they can easily maintain given
current budget realities.
The obvious answer is to tax the rich more--even many of the rich realize
this, but that is political suicide and also unlikely given the nature of
the US Senate and its veto capacity on all financial legislation.  So it
won't happen.
If the US double dips into more recession...say another 6-12 months of it,
which is reasonably likely, the damage will be systematic and a generation
of the economy will basically be lost in a decade of trying to recover.
Deflation will likely continue and the US will drift into a long, slow
sickness that will decay its social capacity and eventually limit greatly
its role in the global political sphere.  Innovation will slow and move to
Europe and Asia much more from which it will diffuse more slowly (think
Samsung, Nokia or Blackberry versus iPhone).  Less US money will flow to
nonprofits and free options...and this will again hammer innovation but may
well accelerate global localism.
has ever been. It is effectively trapped in expensive wars with an aging
population and the need for better and broader healthcare...while being
politically unable to grow taxes.
The net result will be a slower growing US that will shift the world economy
more quickly to Asia--China and India are going to have to start towing the
world in terms of new ideas, technologies, modes of expression.
The only thing that will alter this relatively rapid transition is the quick
rise of some unforeseen industry where the US has competitive advantage like
it had in computers, software and financial services.  That's not likely in
my view.
On Sun, Nov 22, 2009 at 6:22 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-11-23 07:19:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
I may well be an optimist.
I think saving the banks was necessary.  Overdone, but necessary. We need
business credit if the current system is to continue.  Stopping it violently
is a win for no one.
I agree stimulus to individuals would have been a better idea.  Transferring
individual debts to the nation might have worked, but what message does that
send?  One can only do it once!
I do believe (as a Keynesian) that the stimulus should have been around 2x
what it was.  We need acceleration if the old system is going to keep
flying.  We are dangerously close to a stall now...and people, no matter how
young, strong and idealistic, have no idea of the sort of disaster looming
if the financial system collapses.
Three meals will be relevant in that case.
I don't worry about commodity stocks.  I worry about jobs.  Without money
flowing, the system dies in a hurry.  Keynes knew employment was the key
issue.  It has always been so.  The question now is are we entering a period
of structurally high unemployment in places like the US.  If so, it will be
hard times for a long time for the world...even harder times.
On Sun, Nov 22, 2009 at 10:25 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-11-23 07:25:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Writes Wikipedia? (blog post by Aaron Swartz) 
It seems we all violently agree on Wikipedia from lots of perspectives.
The issue is one of governance.  The issue of the commons is always modes of
governance.  People hope for coordinated love ins.  Sadly we've been short
of those.
How does one govern the commons openly and freely without a heavy "curtain
twitcher" -- which I love as a metaphor -- hand.

@_date: 2009-11-23 12:05:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Transforming capitalism... 
Transforming capitalism: The Genius
of the Beast
KurzweilAI.net Nov. 23, 2009
Multidisciplinary scientist Howard
Bloom's visionary new book, The
Genius of the Beast: A Radical
Re-Vision of Capitalism, to be
published Tuesday, is an
iconoclastic, big-picture view of
the transformation of mankind by its
machinery. It rewrites the history
of the West, connecting science,
technology, emotions, business and
society, and...

@_date: 2009-11-23 21:05:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
On Mon, Nov 23, 2009 at 7:10 PM, J. Andrew Rogers
That sort of argument feels very old now...like very 1983.

@_date: 2009-11-24 13:56:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Resiliance 
The following is the established format for referencing this article:
Walker, B. H., L. H. Gunderson, A. P. Kinzig, C. Folke, S. R. Carpenter, and
L. Schultz. 2006. A handful of heuristics and some propositions for
understanding resilience in social-ecological systems. *Ecology and Society*
*11*(1): 13. [online] URL:
 ------------------------------
Insight, part of Special Feature on Exploring Resilience in
Social-Ecological Systems
*A Handful of Heuristics and Some Propositions for Understanding Resilience
in Social-Ecological Systems*

@_date: 2009-11-24 15:09:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
California's got problems.  My own guess is that a sort of Reagan-Ayn Rand
spectrum is more pain and less gain than lots of other possible outcomes.
Either way, the process will be political.  My guess is that the
conventional libertarian right has a median age that is increasing nearly
one-to-one with the passing of time.  Young people don't want it; don't like
it.  With good reason.  It's a pretty cynical world view.  The theories of
that group proved hurtful to many.  Greed wasn't good.
Now a lot of systems are collapsing.  The question in the US will be a
libertarian right response or a stable North European styled market
socialism or green capitalism, etc.  Right now there is stalemate, but the
numbers and time lean toward a social solution.  As usual, I suspect
California will lead it.  I never worry much about California.  No place so
beautiful with so many gifted people can ever be down for very long.  I
worry about the desertification and aging of the hellish states in the
middle that still command two senators much more than I do about California.

@_date: 2009-11-25 08:40:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
I know California well.  Have done business there for over 25 years and have
many many long-term friends and acquaintances all over the state...and
family in LA.
Calling California conservative doesn't quite fit.  Eureka?  La Jolla?
Santa Barbara?  Pasadena?  The power in California has always been left.
Fiscally conservative until late, but left.  It was the classic left US
state.  There was the Hollywood conservative movement, but that was not
Californian...it was midwestern.  Reagan was from the Midwest and was about
as Californian as I am.
I'd make you a bet of everything you will ever earn versus everything that I
will ever earn that California will be a top 10 state in most social
measures for the next 100 years.
San Francisco is the hub of the West.  LA is the sickest in the state and
with good reason...it didn't have a plan.  Indeed it is LA (and the
right--with their real estate booms) that has done the damage.   If SF is
medium sized, I hope the rest of America can grow into a medium sized
BC is well left of San Francisco.  It would be interesting to hear about
anti-socialists and anti-union people moving to Canada...as someone who
works all day with Canadians, I can tell you they will be disappointed.
Canada is moving left faster than almost any nation on earth.  I'd consider
it now to be virtually Nordic.
The biggest winner in all this is probably the Pacific Northwest,
Oregon has far worse budget conditions than California and Washington is
close behind.  Washington is terrified because Microsoft is clearly starting
to die.  Oregon doesn't have the bones on which to recover as well.  But
they're all great places.  The real losers are the hell holes inland where
the middling panickers and low taxers are headed--Nevada, Arizona, and the
The Mormons are interesting.  David Wiley is a leader in open systems and
P2P as far as I am concerned and spouts Mormon PTL stuff on his Facebook
page.  Curious to watch that play out.  In general, I view Utah as a hotbed
of corruption--but of the legal sort...croney capitalism really.  I've
always seen them as very corrupt.  Maybe they'll surprise me.
I think you might be conflating the myth of California with the
reality of California, though they were not all that different half a
century ago.
The boom in California was San Francisco, obviously.  What great firms has
LA produced?  San Diego?  Arnold is about as left wing for a Republican as
you can be.  It isn't even debateable.  The facts are obvious.  California
was first, aerospace.  Then movies.  Then software.  It moved right up the
The reality is that it is a socially conservative state
run by deeply corrupt unions that are fiscally irresponsible in the
extreme. It might have nice scenery, but the business, social, and
cultural environment are pretty toxic. There are other places I would
much rather live and work now.
You should move.  People should align where they belong.  California is
going to lurch left hard.  I'd bet on that.  I suspect your frustration and
unhappiness is seated in the fact that you sense that move occurring.  Texas
sounds like a fit.
Which states are those?  Here is an interesting fact for you: the
least religious states in the United States are the so-called
"sagebrush" States. The most socially liberal states in terms of
actual laws on the books?  The sagebrush states. Demographically
youngest region? Sagebrush again. These flyover states are also the
second most urbanized regions of the US after the New York City
corridor. The Midwest states (the other flyover states) are in steep
decline, so they will evaporate on their own.
Yeah, Kansas...liberal.  I love Lawrence.  It's an outpost and if you talk
to anyone from there, they'll tell you that if you leave the county your
in Jesus land.  Read What's the Matter  with Kansas.  Nebraska...yikes.
Omaha is actually fairly left, but the state is a mess.  Oklahoma...Jim
Inhofe?  Probably the worst state in the nation.  Montana has hope...not
much...but hope.  Wyoming is fifty people and an oil well with some cattle.
Most who think leave.  Arizona is probably the sickest state financially in
the Union...and moving left to boot.  New Mexico is interesting...but
carries so much immigration and native American weight...it will be hard for
it to thrive.  Texas...well, Texas is a whole other email.  It really should
have been a separate country.  It is the last place in the US where
conservatism is really admired by people other than the Big Gulp and PTL
set...both of which are dying.
The US has five or six distinctive demographic regions, and the
demographic statistics are interesting in that they violate most
stereotypes.  Due to long-term demographic trends, the centers of
gravity in the US are moving toward the South and the Sagebrush
states.  People are familiar with the political characteristics of the
South (20th century Democrats, Bush Jr. administration).  Sagebrush
politics are very different from anything Americans are used so you
will likely see something new and different as their influence
I couldn't disagree more.  They are dying fast.  I see no rise from Texas,
etc. only rapid decline.  I see a very diverse country with many nuances.
Obviously California alone has several nuances from Fresno to San Jose to
Eureka to Orange Co and Palm Springs.  NM could hardly be more different
than Texas.  Colorado is very different from Ft. Collins to Colorado
Springs...radically different.  Boulder is unlike Denver...30 miles away.
Vermont differs a great deal from NH next door.  Florida?  Miami is a whole
different thing from Orlando and both are radically different from
Talahassee.  America's strength is its diversity.  To me, it is Europe and
Asia that are becoming homgenous.  What are the different political regions
of China?  How does Finland differ meaningfully from Iceland or Denmark?

@_date: 2009-11-25 08:51:04
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Unions negotiated pensions...and the right agreed because they thought that
stock markets would go up forever...so it would be cheap.  A child
demographer could have shown the error...but the greed of the financial
services industry made pensions a necessity.  Now that bird has come home to
roost.  It can't continue.  Unions are doing what organizations do...they
are fighing their death fights.
The pay and benefits aren't so much issues...real income for faculty at the
University of California has dropped over the last 20-30 years.  It's the
pensions.  Cut those and all those retirees in Montana stop living there.
I live labor economics all day every day.  The unions are irrelevant.  State
government is bloated in California...but the reasons are federalism not
unions.  The US is designed to work 200 years ago...not in the 21st
century.  We have an undemocratic Senate, a screwy 3 tiered system that
triples complexity...mostly because local yokals thought they could do
things better than Washington...and then you have the loony right who thinks
social prosperity is a zero sum game where if someone else wins, they lose.

@_date: 2009-11-25 10:05:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Pensions are a complex topic.  Like Social Security.  Defined benefits were
always a fantasy.  No system can afford to pay out more than it gets in plus
investment growth.  Sadly, the bankers convinced the states to implement
these programmes and then monetized the management fees (which were huge) in
expensive mutual funds, hedge funds and bond sales and trading schemes.
"Tell 'im the good news, Randolph..." if you've ever seen the Eddy Murphy
movie Trading Places.
The good news is that the bankers made tons regardless of whether the
pension schemes were realistic or not.  It was government that got saddled
with the risk.  Now that the risk has (inevitably) caused the systems to be
underfunded...the bankers point to the system and say it is greed and excess
for the retirees to get their promised benefits.  Pretty typical US politics
The real question is, how do you back out of the crisis.  There is no easy
answer.  In short, you've got to pull back benefits.  But the bankers don't
like that because they don't get the guaranteed income of managing money on
behalf of the government.  Instead, people choose their investments and they
often choose low cost management products.
It's tricky stuff.  The politics are fierce because so much money is
involved.  Name calling is inevitable.  The best option of course is to
socialize it across the whole of society, but that doesn't happen in the
US.  Never will in all likelihood.  So we get complex systems that are
continuously gamed by bankers and lawyers who change the rules to suit their
current point of view.  The unions hire another set of lawyers to guarantee
their benefits.  And the lawyers then get their share.

@_date: 2009-11-25 11:30:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
All systems are designed for bankers and lawyers...with some accountants
thrown in.  Governments are designed to be blamed when the stealing becomes
obvious.  All in all, works pretty well.

@_date: 2009-11-25 11:37:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
There are two sources of productivity gains.  One is
automation/computers/networks and, increasingly, robotics.  The second is
the enormous gains from R&D spillover...especially research at universities,
in engineering, medicine and business.
Workers are not better paid, it's true.  And they are working harder.  It
isn't going to get better before it gets worse.
As you and I both know, the good news for workers is largely past in the
sense that their productivity gains will start peaking and they will be
automated away increasingly.
Really the great outstanding issue for humanity besides carbon is dealing
with surplus labor.  The answers to those two questions will define
this century and the future of the planet.

@_date: 2009-11-25 11:43:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cat brain simulation a "hoax?" 
IBM Cat Brain Simulation Dismissed
as 'Hoax' by Rival Scientist
New York Times Nov. 24, 2009
IBM's claim that it has designed
the first brain simulation to exceed
the scale of a cat's cortex is being
dismissed as "a hoax and a PR stunt"
by Henry Markram, director of the
Blue Brain Project in Switzerland,
which is also attempting to
reverse-engineer mammalian brains.
Markram said the cat brain
simulation involves only "point

@_date: 2009-11-25 11:48:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
My sense is that we are all violently agreeing.  How does Paul differ?  If
you, Fernhout, Eugen, Sam and I agree, then it must be true.  And it is, I
think, a first.

@_date: 2009-11-25 11:57:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] important call for alliance between social 
Here is what Google Translate did to it...
Social Economy - Free Software: the time of the alliance
Two worlds co-exist which raise the ramparts against the hegemonic
temptations of capitalism: one is ancient and rooted in the nineteenth
century industry - the world of the social economy (cooperatives, mutual
societies, associations ...) the other is younger and weaves its networks in
the twenty-first century computing - the free software world. If communities
of free enterprise and social economy know and come together for over a
decade, they do not often see how their struggles are similar. The time has
come to the closeness of these struggles and the urgency of their alliance.
Reasons for alliance
For twenty years, communities of IT professionals, and computer companies
have developed so-called "free software". Free software is
software that can run freely, study, modify and distribute around. They are
opposed to proprietary software in that their code is "open" while
that proprietary software is "closed". The opening is both technical and
legal. On the technical side, FOSS is software whose source code is
"readable" by humans, so that proprietary software is distributed
in machine language, making it unreadable even by computer. In legal terms,
free software is protected by "free licenses" to ensure, to put it
quickly, they can never be privatized and will remain a common good.
The principles that govern the production, distribution and use of free
software have significant synergies with the principles of social economy.
It must first meet a synergy in relation to the accumulation of capital
among the social economy enterprises and communities free. Software, because
it is the accumulation of working women and men who have shaped, is a
capital - an intangible capital. Licenses owners organize the remuneration
of intangible capital: each time it is duplicated and sold, it generates a
gain without any additional work has been provided. In the case of free
software, point of return on capital: only work pay. That is one feature
that puts the software free of nearby historic struggles of the social
economy.  Then, the modes of production of free meet the basic
pillars of social economy enterprises. Freedom of entry and exit: a man
enters into a voluntary association, and leaves just as freely. This freedom
is very present in the philosophy and practice of free software: Any user
who wishes may enter the code, use it, and leave freely. The democratic
principle of one man one vote. This fundamental freedom of association is
functioning at work in free software: Any user code can take part in
creating or modifying code. The communities of users of free software and
take part in their improvement by showing developers the bugs they have
identified. We are here as opposed to methods of producing proprietary
software, where a few decide for all computer operating software. The
impartageabilit? reserves to finish. When all women and men create a rich
software, when they write computer code together and then decide to protect
a free license, they ensure that the wealth produced can not be privatized:
the code will remain open at all. No one may appropriate. The intangible
wealth under a free license can only remain common.
Urgency of the alliance
The alliance of social economy enterprises and communities is free, beyond
the question of values, a strategic necessity. In fact, proprietary software
are Trojans capitalist economy placed at the heart of social economy
enterprises.  Increased use since the 1980s, micro-computers - word
processing, spreadsheets, calendar, ERP, CRM - and since the mid-1990s,
computer networks - email, websites, intranets , delivery services and
online payments - have led the social economy enterprises to rely more
heavily on computer software. Today, these programs are mainly produced by
capitalist firms. These companies organize the return on their investments
in "closed" software code, so that (1) those who want to use it
are obliged to buy, and (2) those who want to read files created by the
software is obliged to acquire the software.
The dependence of social economy enterprises in respect of proprietary
software is extremely worrying. Among all subjects of concern it raises, I
will elaborate on that: the threat it poses to the sustainability of
computer archives social economy enterprises. A file, whether text, a
picture, a picture etc.. Is still registered under a certain format.
Publishers capitalists typically use computer software formats
"closed", that is to say which format it can not introspect. It is
therefore dependent on the software publisher to print these documents. In
other words, all archives of social economy enterprises (diaries, accounts,
notes ...) accumulated on computer media depend on publishers for their
future reading. This dependence is particularly critical. The editor can
waive such develop software if it believes they are not profitable enough:
the software is no longer updated and may become incompatible with operating
systems newer. The editor may decide to stop taking into account some old
formats: it is impossible to read the documents for those who are not older
version of the software. The publisher may also disappear after a
bankruptcy. In all these cases, the reading of files stored - so the memory
of social economy enterprises - is highly problematic.
The dependence of social economy enterprises vis-?-vis proprietary software
is an Achilles heel too often ignored. Especially since this fragility can
now be discarded. Free software is able to provide the social economy
enterprises that their independence is vital. First, because the code is a
code free perennial: it can always be resumed, reworked, redesigned to stick
better to the needs of structures that unfold. Secondly, because the code is
free code solid since it opened, all the relevant players in the open source
community participating in its improvement. This is the assurance that its
weaknesses are quickly identified and strengthened.
Issues Alliance
A strong stance in favor of free licenses brand finally a commitment to a
much wider debate. In a world where patterns of production are increasingly
turning to intangible property, the socio-political issues related to
intellectual property becomes critical and do not stop at only software. The
patenting of genomes of plants and animals, molecules of active drug or
increasing the duration of copyright apply to works of art are examples of
the violence of the current mechanisms of privatization of the immaterial.
Intellectual property is thus at the heart of present and future struggles
in fields as diverse as agriculture, health and art. By taking a clear
position in favor of free software licenses and related modes of production
and distribution of products of the mind they organize, social economy
enterprises invested in the freedom to engage in a battle over vast as the
only area of information: the reconquest of the commons. This fight is
crucial for the future of our societies.  Bastien Sibille This creation is made available under a Creative Commons [BY-NC-ND] The original address of this article is

@_date: 2009-11-25 12:27:28
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Do you really believe that the prison guard union is the cause of California
having 158K inmates?  1 out every 31 adults in America is in a prison.  One
our of 12 black men is in a prison.  If unions have done that, they really
are powerful.
At the risk of dealing in facts, here's what Reuters has to say...Arnie
wants the guards to work at minimum wage....
Taxes in California are very high, higher than surrounding states.
As of 2005, California had the 20th highest state and local taxes in the
US.  Nebraska, Utah and Kansas all had higher tax loads.
Yet they consistently generate worse and vastly more expensive
services than the same neighbors.  Why does it cost California 12x as
much to build the same piece of highway as neighbors, with lower
quality implementation?
Because the real estate costs a lot more and shutting down traffic
completely has much greater implications.
You are taking a very ideological view of this, but it is much simpler
than that. The State of California is deeply corrupted and
extraordinarily wasteful even by the standard of most State
Ever work in Louisiana?  Missouri?  Texas?  Arkansas?  Illinois?  West
Virginia?  Tennessee?   South Carolina?  Florida?  Alabama?  Mississippi?
California isn't even in the league of big time corruption.   Who is the
last governor or senior legislator there to go to prison?  I don't recall
one.  Rod Blagojovich?  Sanford?  Texas--the whole lot of them!
We are talking about a State that has proven so
incompetent at delivering basic services that residents of some of the
most left-wing areas of the State have successfully sued to privatize
projects in order that service be delivered after several years of
getting nowhere on a project that should only have taken a few months
and modest amount of money.
This study received a lot of press last year....
It ranked California low.  The reasons were complex but mostly dealt with
debt and poor governor/legislature interactions.
In infrastructure, California actually did quite well.  I can tell you that
in public administration, they are an admired state compared to Texas, New
York, Illinois or Florida -- their peers.

@_date: 2009-11-25 12:59:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
The census bureau of the US is also superb--easily the best in the world
from our little perspective in the Caribbean.
I would also note that the University of California system is the envy of
the world--and every other state.  Vastly better than any other.
Carlifornia's GDP is 1.5x that of New York and per capita it is in the
top 10 despite vast agricultural and rural areas.
By itself, California is the eighth largest economy on earth.  It would
comfortably be in the G8 (larger than Spain or Canada).  It has over 100
Nobel Laureates living within its boundaries.  Though the largest US state
in Agriculture, 50% of its exports are in high tech goods.
The community colleges (my area of study) are the best on earth...many would
serve as full universities in other nations.
In state health rankings, California is in the top 10 even with vast
immigrant and undocumented populations.  No state takes more
immigrants...not even New York.
It has excellent public transportation systems, light rail, rail systems,
The schools are well above average...some are amongst the best in the
country both public and private.
It has long been a policy leader on trying new modes of governance, new
technologies, new standards (e.g. reducing carbon...lead free gas, etc.)
I'd be quite proud actually!

@_date: 2009-11-25 13:59:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Here's the facts from a Republican leaning newspaper:
I just checked here, and the rates are about (a little lower than) what we
pay in the Cayman Islands at average and starting levels.
Overtime is a problem...but that's a management problem.  You can't blame
employees for seeking all they can get.  We've had very tough fights here to
cut it, and it is hard.  Time and a half adds up fast.  On the other hand, I
personally wouldn't want the job or the job for anyone I care about for
$57,000 a year--with multiple years of experience, and 39K to start.  Ouch.
A truck driver makes more.  How much would you propose we pay them?  Let's
say we cut it to 30K per person over all 20K guards rather than the 64K they
appear to average with overtime.  That's a wapping 60 million in savings...a
flea on the back of the noise.  Do you really want a person who has to make
sure a guy goes into his cell, bathes, etc. making $15 an hour while
handling a gun and trying to protect themselves and other prisoners?  That
seems a bit extreme.
While that may be going to the opposite extreme, it is not a secret
that prison guards in California are grossly overpaid.  It is one of
the few ways you can go from high school to a very well-paid job
(assuming you have the connections) even in the cow towns where no one
makes much money.
What is your fascination with Nebraska and Kansas?  Those are dying
states in the Great Plains. Not very interesting.
I agree.  But the point is that California's taxes aren't all that high.
New York, Massachusetts, Connecticut all have much higher taxes.  They do
fine.  California can do fine.  It's poor bond rating is tied only to the
discord in the budget process which goes back to Jesse Unruh--one of my
professors in my PhD programme used to work for him--the stories are
Picking on CalTrans is a bit unfair, because of how famously expensive
and poor they are. It makes the differences between states look
larger.  These are the guys that do such a bad job that places like
Santa Cruz sue the state to privatize public road construction
projects. I've worked with CalTrans on a project and while anecdotal,
seeing it from the inside showed it to be far more pathologically
mismanaged than most Californians give them credit for.
I don't know anything about CalTrans, but I envy your good rail systems.
BART, for instance is clean and great.
I couldn't disagree more about San Francisco, by the way, which is easily
the best US city and almost always has been--nearly every non-American I
know who has travelled widely in the US says so...only Boston or NYC
compare...and not favorably.  I do agree Vancouver BC is wonderful.  Canada
has surpassed the US by moving to the left and center while we moved to the
right...they cut corporatism...we stoked it.  They built cities...we cut
Sure California spends countless billions on infrastructure year after
year, everyone always wonders when they'll actually *deliver* it.
There is no accountability.
I agree that accountability is a problem.  That's why I focus on governance
and government issues.  Very hard stuff.  Not as corrupt and hopeless as big
business and especially big finance, but pretty problematic all the same.
In real terms, budgets have been tight in the US.  Governance and government
are hard.  They're particularly hard in a culture of narcissism and greed.
If I were a social conservative (whatever that means) I'd be looking to
build just what we are about here...better local communities, more shared
structures, less government, more P2P and less exploitation.
If social conservative means the right to exploit, the right to be a bigot,
the right to impose my own social perspectives on others...then I think it
is a heinous and evil thing that deserves to wither.
I have no problem with the David Brooks conservatives.  They're typically on
opposite sides to my own views, but I respect their opinions.  In
government, in politicians, the conservatives now are totally bankrupt.
There's nothing.  They're against cutting carbon, they are fixated on
cutting taxes which are already ridiculously low in the US, and they seem
full of hatred for anyone and anything that isn't exactly like them.
Being conservative used to be about values...family, home, good governance,
moderation, balance, tolerance.  None of those things seem conservative
now.  Conservative means anti-gay, anti-open, pro-corporatism, pro-war and
militarism and anti-environment.
Nixon was easily a liberal by modern standards...easily.

@_date: 2009-11-25 14:36:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
In many respects I agree.  But pride in place can be a good thing...it
builds community, commitment, civil society, etc.
P2P advocates are generally against jingoism, nationalism, and especially
statism, I'd say.
I think the aim is to find ways to innovate at grass-roots levels to create
more stable, workable social frameworks.  Further, I think that there is a
real sense amongst many of us that the old ways of corporate growth and
capital are on the way out--for myriad reasons.  Something must fill
the opening void.  Hopefully that something allows for broad participation
and high levels of social support--whether it is financial or otherwise.
People here aren't free-riders in my view.  They want good systems and think
about positive futures.
It isn't socialism.  It isn't green.  It isn't anarchism.  But all those
streams feed it.  I think what people here tend to share is more a hope that
sharing and benign social interactions are a greater portion of our lives.
It tends to be localist, leftist, "hippie" and automation oriented.  But I
might just as much have said it is anti-establishmentarian,
innovation-oriented, solutions-focused and experimental.  Hard to

@_date: 2009-11-25 15:39:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Peak globalization 
Wishful thinking or apocalyptic doom forecasting? Fred
Curtis,an economist
at Drew University, has put together a mashup of peak oil,
global warming, and patterns in global trade liberalization and arrived at
the principle of "Peak
via Globalisation
and the Environment.)
A double whammy of higher energy costs and extreme climate events will
disrupt global transportation patterns, reversing the historical trend
towards greater and greater levels of global trade and forcing a process of
"relocalization" -- "The major implication is that supply chains will become
shorter for most products and that production of goods will be relocated
closer to where they are consumed, although this will happen neither quickly
nor easily."
And there's nothing we can do about it.

@_date: 2009-11-25 15:59:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Excellent theoretical treatment of ideas of value 
Nice blog post on various theories of value...from labor theories to
marginal and energy theories...by George Mobus

@_date: 2009-11-25 22:49:12
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The curse of the free rider 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The curse of the free rider via
Neighbourhoods by Kevin Harris on 11/25/09
Theft and vandalism continue to plague the Paris self-service bicycle
hire scheme, V?lib ('la ville est plus belle a velo').
'The Curse of the Free Rider is everywhere' wrote Joost Beunderman on
the 00 blog back in March, and in a comment I wondered if it's partly a
problem of scale. The scheme in Lyon apparently has been less
troublesome. (I also alluded to thefts from public libraries, which are
not insignificant but not so high as to endanger the model of a public
According to the Independent,
'vandalism and theft remain so rampant that Paris city authorities were
obliged yesterday to come to the aid of the private company which runs
the scheme. In less than two-and-a-half years, 8,000 bicycles have been
stolen and 18,000 have been damaged beyond repair. In other words, each
of the 21,000 V?libs, which cost ?610 (?550) each, have been replaced
at least once.'
So the business model changes slightly, but hopefully the idea is not
in danger. It would help if it could be demonstrated that the scheme
had contributed to reduced pollution engine and influenced health.
Via Regen and Renewal.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Neighbourhoods using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-25 18:11:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
This is soooooooo correct!  People don't realize just how much damage has
been done at the low end of labor.
It is amazing how much poorer the poor are now relative to the rich.
Whatever the social justice of this (and I feel it is appalling) the fact
is, it is going to get even worse.
Happy to hear it discussed.  I somewhat feel as if Paul F. and I have been
saying it back and forth to each other in a vacuum.
That is why the conclusions he and I draw keep linking to robotics...it is
the only way for the trend line to continue...
On Wed, Nov 25, 2009 at 6:07 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2009-11-26 08:05:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2presearch Digest, Vol 25, Issue 88 
Hi Edward,
Points taken.  My own view of what this is all about is an R&D facility for
the more public blog and for all our own discussions.  I admit to trying to
say too much too fast and often saying it stupidly (Stan often punishes me
for quick statements...) but speed is part of our milieu.  The niceties of
academic time are a thing of the past...at least a dying thing.  Like
buildings that had hand-carved cornices and tailored clothes for gentle
people...it just isn't realistic anymore.  Now, a person can find a tailor
in any city of size and buildings still have details, but the time is
clearly past for those things.  So it will be for polite and formal
discussions.  Somehow we need a breeding ground for more formal essays.
The investment cost is high.  I myself and often in Dutch doing work at all
hours for my job so that we can keep a discussion going.  Others sacrifice
in other ways.  I feel for Michel who must beg us all to keep blog output
up.  Such are the challenges of running a magazine in the Age of RSS!
Interestingly, no academic CV would avoid adding a post to magazine--even if
not "peer reviewed" -- a term I think that has also become rather obsolete.
But I saw a CV the other day with blog posts--over 600 on it.  It added 15
pages.  How should one think about that?  I often think much harder about
something I blog than something I hack out for a publication on paper.

@_date: 2009-11-26 08:20:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Give us an idea of what a working model would look like (that is, another
list or process that works better)...I am all for standards and improvement.
As for Gmail, I appreciate the arguments that it is not "free."  But it is,
to my mind, very P2P and it is hugely technically superior to any free
options.  I've used several free readers and nearly all stink compared to
Google Reader.  My own view is that Twitter would best replace this
list.  Again, that is a for-profit venture that simply has vastly superior
technology.  Even on this list there is widespread (and accurate) grumbling
about the decline (and presumed fall) of Wikipedia.  Is P2P always to be an
isolated half-baked low tech set of wires and gizmos only understandable by
the tinkerer?
We have to assume some basic level of technology that has moved beyond mere
text.  Assuming html is hardly rocket science.
20 years ago I worked as a programmer.  I do not do that at 46.  So bashing
my own code to make some feature that is obvious and readily available seems
a huge waste of time.  If it demonstrates anything, it demonstrates how
inefficient and broken P2P processes are...outside of foundations and
well-organized non-profits.  There are few standards, few standardized
approaches and little in the way of non-technical tools.
Publish standards.  Propose new tools.  Guide us in our errant ways.  No one
here is trying to support corporations, make things inaccessible, etc.  On
the other hand, I do not avoid good solutions simply because I am
politically against for-profit and corporate solutions.  That seems

@_date: 2009-11-26 08:35:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Where the P2P jobs are... 
I was just playing around in Indeed.com which is a US job search site.
I entered P2P (which often comes up in accounting terms as "procure to pay"
or some such) "open source" etc.
Nearly all of the jobs listed were in Boston or San Franciso/SV in the US.
Where are other physical centers where people would find "vibrant" P2P
If Paul Krugman's Nobel Prize winning work is at all useful, we should
expect P2P to arise where it is most getting traction.
Andrew claims Portland, Oregon...a great town and a progressive one...is
that on the list?  Where else?

@_date: 2009-11-26 21:37:38
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Climate Doomsayer: An interview with James Hansen 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: An interview with James Hansen
via The Great Beyond - Blog Posts by dcressey on 11/26/09
In an exclusive interview published today on Nature Reports Climate
Change, climate scientist James Hansen talks about his forthcoming
book, Storms of My Grandchildren. You can read the full interview here
[free access].
Arguably the world?s most famous climate scientist, and Director of
NASA?s Goddard Institute of Space Studies in New York, Hansen?s
conviction that a climate catastrophe is looming has led him, in recent
years, to increasingly take on the role of advocate, sending numerous
pleading letters to world leaders and CEOs, and attending
well-publicized protests against coal plants.
It?s also prompted him, at the age of 68, to write his first book,
which looks at the dangerous climatic events that will greet the next
generation if the fossil fuel use continues unabated.
Due out in December, Storms of My Grandchildren is the silver lining of
Hansen?s recent fight with prostate cancer, which afforded him a
six-week recuperative period during which he finished his book. In an
interview with Keith Kloor, Hansen discusses the climate problem and
potential solutions, his personal carbon footprint and his frustration
with political ?greenwashing?.
"I am sorry to say", he writes in his book, "that most of what
politicians are doing on the climate front is greenwashing ? their
proposals sound good, but they are deceiving you and themselves at the
same time."
Hansen tells Kloor that former US Vice President Al Gore is among those
deceiving themselves that we are on track to solving the climate
problem. "I saw him on Larry King last night," says Hansen, "and what
really worries me is that he sounds optimistic that we're now on a
track to solve this problem." He lets out an incredulous
chuckle. "We're not, however, on a track, and that's clear."
The self-deception extends to advocates of cap-and-trade legislation
currently under review by the US Senate, he says. Hansen opposes the
bill, in large part because of the offsets system that would allow
polluters to continue spewing emissions, but also because political
horse-trading has brought in provisions that will enable aging coal
plants to stay in operation. ?There?s a huge gap between their public
position and the realities of their policies. That?s the situation we
have now in Congress,? says Hansen.
This item is cross posted from Nature?s Climate Feedback blog. Image by
Arnold Adler.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Great Beyond - Blog Posts using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-26 16:44:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Google translate version in English follows...
EcoRev 'No. 33, "Thinking after capitalism with Andr? Gorz"
"I'm not saying that these radical changes will be realized. I only say that
for the first time, we want it come true. The means exist so that people who
are working on it methodically." Andre Gorz (2007).
Two years ago we received the last installment of our sponsor Andre Gorz,
just days before he and his wife will leave us.
This number EcoRev 'pays tribute to the thinker of the political ecology and
takes a particular form appears as ten years after our first issue:
Surviving capitalism. But this is not a tribute that seeks to sanctify "a
thought gorzienne", but rather - in a context of global systemic crisis - a
reflection that comes examine and extend the central idea of his last words:
The output of Capitalism has already begun.
This issue is also intended to show how intuitions are ever present and able
to contribute to the construction, complex but necessary, a political
ecology alternative to capitalism.
Consider the following capitalism with Andre Gorz
Dossier coordinated by Anita and Emanuel Rozenholc Dessendier
 Editorial
by writing
 Classical: The limits of adaptability of capitalism
by Ernest Mandel
 The output of capitalism has begun
by Yann-Moulier Boutang
 Transformation / revolution / transition revisited the edge of the
political ecology
by Yann-Moulier Boutang
 The crisis of the immaterial production peer (P2P) and business ethics to
by Michel Bauwens
 For an ecological science
Marc by Robert
 Post consumerism
by Emmanuel Dessendier & Anita Rozenholc
 Self-production and digital
by Daniel Kaplan / Remi Sussan
 The transformation of lifestyles. Neighborhoods and ecology
by Elise Lowy
 Change of production system
Jean Zin
 What ecological transformation of the economy?
by J?r?me Gleizes
 Some organizing principles for governance bioeconomic
by Rene Passet
 Consider the issue of tools with Andre Gorz
by Francoise GOLLAIN
 The real causes of the recession and the reasons which convert into
Yves Cochet
 Can you suggest something beyond capitalism?
Bernard Maris
 The beyond financial crisis
by Genevi?ve Azam
 Andre Gorz, "disturber" or manufacturer of a new eco-socialist utopia?
by Arno M?nster

@_date: 2009-11-26 17:33:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
Hi Miche and Marco,
We have 123 members.  We had 93 when I started, I think.  Haven't noted a
lot leave, but some do.  Hard being prolific and popular.  I'm more than
happy to include other admins but Kevin does 70% of the base admin and try,
with Michel, to keep the content flowing.  I've been told by a few that
there is too much.  Others send me notes appreciative of the links and
timely coverage of diverse but interesting stuff.  Hard to please all.
Always open to suggestions, changes or replacement.  We mean well...I think
it has been a little over a year Kevin and I have been at this...if someone
else wants a turn trying to do the dance, I'm happy to be more a lurker.
The duties, in my opinion, entail being willing to say things...responding
when you aren't sure, and ruthless willingness to kindly remind people to be
essentially courteous...which takes an element of hubris and
self-righteousness at once.  Other than that, pretty easy.

@_date: 2009-11-26 17:44:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Internet's future... 
Four guys state the obvious...unless shilling for their own firms...

@_date: 2009-11-26 17:47:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Where the P2P jobs are... 
OK...what is the capital of P2P in Asia?
Talinn seems odd.  You'll have to explain.  Sounds like a person...or school
is interested.  Do we still need universities to launch a city's interest?
Where are the open currency centers?
What city is the most open source in the world?  In the non-US if it is a US

@_date: 2009-11-26 17:55:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
First, I think time to reason is over-rated.  People struggle to type and
they rarely get much better with work.  So, it's silly.  In my view...Just
say it.  Now, you and I who have both done that for years are willing to
play the fool and hope our reps carry us through various places where we
look the fool, don't have a problem.  One also learns to play certain
Others are more cautious about their reputation...as if each dish that comes
from their kitchen is delicately crafted and served on bone china.
Academics tend to be like that.  Every damn thing is precious.  So much is
lost to the world by their care.
More to the point...
But I'd guess people would type on a simple RSS mini-blog site like
Posterous and then point to these more in depth writings with Twitter...
Personally, if you have a mailer that can sort by phrase you can send things
to a file (as in gmail) and read or respond when you want.  This works OK
for me...but LISTSERV which I equate with this...has been around since
pre-usenet I think.  It's pretty primitive stuff.
Sometimes I think it is more or less like a typing version of ham radio with
easy access.  Might as well be broadcasting on some AM station with a
telegrapher key.

@_date: 2009-11-28 08:05:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Non-Corporate Fortune 500 
We've (my family) have used USAA for years and love them.  Great firm.  I
think of it as a mutual or co-op.  Of course there are millions of
those...but I agree, in a broad definition of P2P, they fit.  Another
example is credit unions.  Still another are grain co-ops.
Lots dislike USAA because it excludes if you do not have a direct link to
the US military.
Most people also separate for-profit from P2P.  Europeans are squeamish
about capitalism and profit in particular and see them as implicitly evil in
at least 50% of cases.  Of course we see that as implicitly un-American for
which they think we are savage and primitive and we think they are lazy and
free-riding.  Canada and Australia inhabit the middle ground with European
sensitivities but systems that are closer to the US culturally.  Tough
judgmental world out there.
On Fri, Nov 27, 2009 at 10:41 PM, J. Andrew Rogers

@_date: 2009-11-28 12:26:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
I don't think so.  We can force emails of a certain size to be
approved...but that's tedious.

@_date: 2009-11-28 12:29:57
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Tools for Sustainable Development in Schools a Model 
Interesting model we should emulate to instill P2P in schools...

@_date: 2009-11-28 12:09:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the "lump of labor fallacy" itself a fallacy? 
On Sat, Nov 28, 2009 at 11:02 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <
Sadly, in industrialized societies, especially post-industrial societies,
most productivity gain occurs at the top...not at the bottom of wages.  Part
of the problem with capitalism is that most people are nearly worthless in
capital production terms.  Skills increase scarcity dramatically and are
typically channeled into high profit/high wage functions.  Rare is simply
better in most cases in market systems.
That is of course what makes abundance theory so interesting.
Highly skilled and esoteric workers are not hurting for wages or work.  The
people hurting for work are those with modest skills and who do things most
people can do.

@_date: 2009-11-28 12:21:02
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thanks for: Suggestions wanted for education to 
It seems to me that Android and iPhone are well past where netbooks are.
I've owned an Eee PC from the beginning...really a minimal platform for most
things.  The iPhone is light years past it as a learning tool in my opinion.
If you have to deal with an operating system or a mouse, it's old fashioned
to a kid.  Their world is Wii and iPhone and, soon, voice interaction.  I've
been recently told that schools are starting to back off from teaching
typing because they have been told keyboards will be all but non-existant in
10 years.  I've heard that before I admit, but apparently this time it is
I've long envisioned a touch interface that gives you most common words
associated with a letter in semantic context.  That would be pretty neat
AI...but simple enough for an iPhone.
For example... I type F and the screen shows me "For" as a choice which I
touch...then I type "e" and it immediate grasps that I am going to type
"example" and that comes up as choice one...
Given all past writing, it would be easy to google-like prioritize semantic
flows of prose into most common words...much as URL completion software

@_date: 2009-11-28 15:54:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Non-Corporate Fortune 500 
One looks to an Age when money doesn't garner status.  That is a P2P tenet I
should think.  Since the only worldview we have traditionally that holds a
similar view is socialism, or more properly, communism, there is a natural
bridge between P2P and socialism.  And since communism despises profit,
there is great antipathy toward that word in the P2P weltanschauung.
I could imagine a special focus on "for profit" P2P, but that would be an
animal almost certainly pursued by an American...or one of those odd
Mid-Atlantic Europeans who know their world but are also open to American
Nationalism/culturalism are like racism...always present, rarely discussed.
In the Cayman Islands people insist on Blackberry because it is subtly part
of the Canado-British framework as a quality product...like the
Austin/Cooper Mini or the Land Rover.  American products in those
categories, even if superior, are disdained...like an iPhone. Of course
Americans do the same things with less subtlety...they are, after all,
Americans.  Subtlety is not a forte.
It will be interesting to see if nationalism/culturalism are barriers to
P2P.  But in areas like profit, the long fingers of history stretch into our
minds and give someone from Belgium a different foundation than someone from
If only we engage across languages with South Americans, Africans or
Asians...we could begin to know what the rest of the world thinks outside of
the cultural colonialism Europe and the US have so expertly sold.
On Sat, Nov 28, 2009 at 12:30 PM, J. Andrew Rogers

@_date: 2009-11-28 16:11:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the "lump of labor fallacy" itself a fallacy? 
On Sat, Nov 28, 2009 at 2:38 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <
There are no unions for investment bankers, either. That's because
programmer and "investment banker" aren't real categories.  They aren't
consistent and standard skill sets.  Being able to write does not make one a
writer.  Kurt Vonneguts are born, develop, morph...and so do great
programmers.  The gift isn't knowing how to write tight code, standard code,
but in making standard things do very new and unusual outcomes.  So too with
investment bankers.  The MBA is the culture, but the skills come in
battle...like the samurai, you mention.
How do you have a commons without inequality?  The tension is always that
some who carry more weight are given the same ration as those who are
weaker.  Darwin frowns on such days.
The real frustration society found with socialism is that some people are
superstars.  Some investment bankers are worth 5000 or 5,000,000 MBAs from
Stanford or Harvard, and they might not even have a degree.  Some of the
best investment bankers I have known are artists or English teachers by
training.  Tim Geithner in the US Treasury is an International Affairs
student.  So it is with programmers...will the great robotics breakthrough
come out of a lab at MIT or Cambridge or will it come from a garage in Chang
Mai or Mexico City?  Probably the latter.  Proximity matters, but invention
seems to be increasingly universal.  India's incredible human capital is
about to come online for the world in a way that will be transformative.
But proximate to Berlin or San Francisco or Tokyo, so far, has been
necesary...hard to say how long that power of proximity, that Krugman
studied, will remain essential.

@_date: 2009-11-28 22:10:02
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Charlie Stross The Myth of the Starship 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Charlie Stross The Myth of the
Starship via Ethical Technology on 11/28/09
NB: As starships do not in fact exist, no starships were harmed in the
production of this essay. Also, this is just words. If they upset you,
go lie down in a dark room for half an hour then drink a glass of
water; you?ll feel better.
Actually, I tell a lie. There are five starships that we know of;
Pioneer 10, Pioneer 11, Voyager 1, Voyager 2, and New Horizons. But
they?re a far cry from the gleaming interstellar transports of science
fiction. New Horizons is the most recent of them. Launched in late
2006, it is the fastest human-launched vehicle so far. It raced past
Lunar orbit within nine hours of take-off: nevertheless, it will take
around 10 years to reach Pluto (its proximate target ? for a three-hour
flyby). It weighs around 478 Kg, and is currently travelling outwards
from the sun 17km/sec ? about fifty times as fast as a rifle
We are 4.37 light years, or 140 million light-seconds, from Alpha
Centauri, give or take. One light second is 300,000 km; it takes New
Horizons about five hours to travel one light second. So: in very
roughly 30 million days, or on the order of 300,000 years (if it was
going in the right direction, which it isn?t), New Horizons could reach
Alpha Centauri.
And that?s the best we?ve done to date, admittedly without really
trying ...
This is not an essay about whether we could do better if we tried. I?ve
written about the problem of space colonization before. Rather, what
intrigues me is the possibility that the entire conceptual framework of
the starship is a dangerously misleading dead-end, and that what we
need is a new framework for thinking about interstellar travel.
The very word ?starship? is a concatenation of two other words ? star,
and ship. The first is pretty harmless; it merely defines the scale
factor we?re talking about, as opposed to interplanetary ship, or moon
ship, or Atlantic-crossing steam ship. But the second word comes with a
whole freightload of unwanted baggage, and I?m of a mind that serious
futurists or SF writers might want to think about ditching it
completely and looking for something new.
The astute reader will have spotted the link to the Apollo Program
above. We have actually built and flown Moon ships ... but we didn?t
call them ships, and they didn?t much look like one of these. There are
several reasons why not. First and foremost are the scale factors
involved, scale factors in both distance and (because you need to cross
that distance) time, hence velocity (the change of distance over time).
Kinetic energy is the killer; the kinetic energy of a moving body is
proportional to the square of its velocity. Want to go faster? You need
to throw bucketloads more energy at your vehicle, or make it much
lighter. The Apollo spacecraft (or New Horizons) travel roughly three
orders of magnitude faster than a regular sea-going ship, and they also
had to haul along the reaction mass to throw out the back to get them
up to speed (for they?re all powered by rockets, relying on Newton?s
Third Law to make things balance out).
But there?s a more subtle difference. We have a long tradition of
nautical baggage. Seafaring ships of the great age of exploration were
largely wooden, and ? with the aid of their human crew ?
self-repairing; subject to the availability of raw materials, there
wasn?t much aboard a 16th or 17th century sailing ship that couldn?t be
made on board. Aside from carpentry, the inhabitants of even a
relatively small port could make the necessities to keep a ship at sea
on a voyage of years ? a smithy, a pottery, a glass-blower, weavers of
sailcloth and makers of hardtack. Shipbuilding was by no means easy (it
was an economic activity born on the backs of the large numbers of
peasant farmers and fisherfolk it took to provide the surplus to feed
the workers in the shipyards) but it wasn?t anything like the Apollo
project, which sucked up the labour of a third of a million skilled
engineers and technicians for a decade. The word ship therefore comes
freighted with connotations of autonomy and sustainability that are
inappropriate to space travel as we know it today. And one of the most
perfidious, misleading, damning, unconscious associations of the word
?ship? is the word ?destination?.
As I?ve said before, the trouble with going into space is that there?s
no ?there? there when you get to the other end of your voyage. All you
get is rocks, sunlight, and if you?re lucky some slush (water optional:
could equally well be methane or cyanide) to season your gravity wells.
So if you want to do anything at the other end ? anything beyond
looking around real good ? you need to bring the minimal seeds of the
infrastructure with which to build and maintain your biosphere (if
you?re travelling with an entourage of meat puppets) or your
mechanosphere (if you?re going the Eric Drexler/Hans
Moravec/downloading-or-AI route).
Which is why I was asking questions like this and this and this about a
month ago. I was feeling my way towards this critical question: which
is, ?how simple can you make a minimal self-maintaining interstellar
transport system??
To a first approximation, the best answer I can come up with is ?not
very?. We can probably make it mechanically simple, rugged, and
lightweight if we can do mature machine-phase diamond-substrate
nanotechnology, and if we can figure out how to do one of mind
uploading or artificial general intelligence.
Note that I say mechanically simple ? there?s a monumental raft of
complexity wrapped up in the idea of using a Starwisp for establishing
interstellar transportation, but it?s informational complexity rather
than straightforward mechanical complexity. We may use such a system to
sidestep the need for learning how to build self-sustaining biospheres
and interstellar playpens for bored hominids, and how to equip a group
of said hominids with the wherewithal to keep such a mobile playpen
from degrading catastrophically, but we face the corresponding
monumental challenge of solving the hard-AI problem and developing
molecular manufacturing far beyond the flexibility and scope of today?s
nanotechnology applications.
Such an interstellar capability isn?t going to look much like a ?ship?.
It?s going to look more like a DVD balanced on a microwave beam, or a
can of beans hanging below a light sail energized by lasers powered by
huge orbiting solar power stations. There won?t be any biological
agencies aboard: just AGIs or something equivalent ported out of a
fleshbody?s cranium. No hands, only nanotech assemblers. And after a
voyage of decades or centuries it?s going to have to stop ? somehow
braking at the other end ? then spend more decades farming rocks, slush
and sunlight to build ever-bigger physical structures until it can
build the equipment with which to phone home.
If anything, it?s going to resemble a seed pod for a different kind of
life, and on arrival it?s going to hatch and grow into a tree, or a
forest, or a manufacturing-industrial complex. Finally, long after
arrival, it might have sufficient resources to divert from homeostasis
and growth to construct a biosphere, open communications with home, and
prepare to download digitized colonists ? if the whole uploading
concept doesn?t prove to be chimerical, and if there?s something to be
done with the serialized primate core-dumps at the other end.
Note that I?m fairly optimistic about mature diamond-phase
nanotechnology (or some cognate thereof). The economic benefits of
getting it are huge, and there are no obvious lacunae on the technology
road map ? unlike, say, fusion or manned interplanetary space travel.
I?m less optimistic about mind uploading, because in neuroscience we
are just about at the stage of beginning to figure out how ignorant we
are. And I?m pessimistic about AGI, because I don?t think we stand a
hope in hell of working out how to design an artificial general
intelligence until we know, at least in outline, what human general
intelligence is. (And we don?t.) But I suspect some combination of
these technologies will show up sooner or later ? barring
resource-depletion crashes and/or habitable-biosphere-envelope
departures on a planetary scale ? and once you?ve got two out of the
three, a starwisp-driven expansion starts to look feasible (if
energetically expensive).
The alternative approach uses generation ships. That?s what I was
talking about earlier. Which doesn?t sound much easier, if any, when
you contemplate how much we don?t know about environmental engineering
and biology. It also begs some huge sociological ? human ? questions,
and is unlikely to be planned as such. I expect it?d only happen in the
wake of our development of stable, safe space habitats ? itself a huge
obstacle (Just look at the history of our first modular space station
if you want to get an idea of the problems surrounding life in space) ?
and if the energy costs required to launch a starwisp are high (56Gw
for about a month to punch a 1Kg payload up to 10% of lightspeed; a
microwave lens 560Km in diameter to focus the beam), those of a
generation ship are going to be astronomically higher.
... Which leads me to believe that we?d be more realistic if we just
ditched the word ?ship? entirely from discussions of interstellar
What we need to contemplate are the requirements for of an interstellar
transportation system.
Such a system needs to provide not only a mechanism for sending a
self-replicating technosphere across interstellar distances; it needs
to be able to produce a habitable space at the destination, and provide
a return option (for data, if nothing else).
Waving a magic wand of the variety I discounted in my earlier space
colonization essay, even if we postulate that mind uploading is both
possible and the way forward, interstellar travel still won?t be cheap.
Direct communication via modulated laser looks feasible at extrasolar
distances, on a reasonable power budget, given adequate pointing
accuracy ? but the study linked to above has a bit rate of only 0.5
kb/s. Given their 15w peak power output, they?re talking about 0.03
joules/bit across 1000AU distance; or 1.9 joules/bit/light-year.
Even Hans Moravec?s estimate of the computational complexity of the
human brain (cited here only as a starting point for discussion of mind
uploading: I think he?s erring on the optimistic side by between three
and six orders of magnitude) suggests you?d need many years to transmit
a compressed uploaded mind at that bit rate! But we know we can
transmit data much faster using lasers over optical fibre. If we can
push the bit rate towards 1Tb/sec, transmitting a map of a brain with
10 to the 11th power neurons and glial cells, each with on average 10
to the 4th power interactions with neighbouring cells, and, say, a
spare 30 bits/connection (to summarize its properties), for a total of
10 to the 18th power bits of data per upload, we can squirt that map at
the stars in about ten days. We?ll need a powerful laser unless we want
the error rate to climb. Using the figure of 1.9 joules/bit/light-year,
to send an uploaded mind to alpha centauri is going to cost on the
order of 10 to the 19th joules over ten days: an unfeasibly large
amount of energy. (Hint: we?re talking the equivalent of a
Hiroshima-sized nuke every second, for a million seconds).
However, that figure corresponds to the sort of bit rate we can
envisage achieving more or less now. Improve the data-to-power ratio
by, say, a millionfold and things begin to look feasible (if not
exactly cheap). In particular, it?s a lot cheaper than travelling in
person (and anyway, we?ve got the honking great big solar power
station/maser grid we built to launch the starwisp in the first place;
might as well put it to use). Finally, if we can do the upload thing
well enough to provide the brains to run our starwisp in the first
place, we can probably make do without building a biosphere at the
other end. In other words: frail fleshbodies need not apply.
(There?s an alternative to shipping around uploads via laser that
merits investigation: if we can do uploading, and if we can make memory
diamond ? which would seem to be a reasonable expectation of a mature
machine-phase nanotechnology ? then the 80g payload of the reference
starwisp ought to be sufficient to carry about 2 x 10 to the 24th bits,
which corresponds to 20,000 stored uploads per ?passenger ship?. This
might well be energetically cheaper than using a laser to transmit
uploads, giving us an unexpected long-haul corollary to Tanenbaum?s
So, to summarize: yes, I think human interstellar exploration (and yes,
maybe even colonization) might be possible, after a fashion. But to get
there, we?re going to have to master at least two entire technological
fields that don?t yet exist, even before we start trying to blast
compact disc sized machines up to relativistic velocities. And that?s
without considering the difficulty of how to cram an industrial
infrastructure capable of building more of itself, of a machine capable
of surviving in deep space ? the equivalent of those 300,000 NASA
technicians and engineers ? into the aforementioned CD-sized machine ...
If we succeed in doing it, it?s going to look nothing like the Starship
Enterprise. Or even New Horizons. The whole reference frame we
instinctively assume when we hear the word ?ship? is just so wrong it?s
beyond wrong-ness: it?s on a par with Baron Munchausen?s lunar exploits
as seen in light of the Apollo Program. We need a new handle for
discussing and analyzing such a venture. And the sooner we consign the
?-ship? suffix to the dustbin of failed ideas, the better.
Charles Stross is an award-winning (Hugo, Nebula and Locus) science
fiction and horror writer based in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Ethical Technology using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-29 12:34:27
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] First-ever Blueprint of A Minimal Cell Is More 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: First-ever Blueprint of A
Minimal Cell Is More Complex Than Expected via CellNEWS by ZenMaster on
EMBL and CRG scientists reveal what a self-sufficient cell cannot do
Saturday, 28 November 2009
What are the bare essentials of life, the indispensable ingredients
required to produce a cell that can survive on its own? Can we describe
the molecular anatomy of a cell, and understand how an entire organism
functions as a system? These are just some of the questions that
scientists in a partnership between the European Molecular Biology
Laboratory (EMBL) in Heidelberg, Germany, and the Centre de Regulacio
Gen?mica (CRG) in Barcelona, Spain, set out to address. In three papers
published back-to-back today in Science, they provide the first
comprehensive picture of a minimal cell, based on an extensive
quantitative study of the biology of the bacterium that causes atypical
pneumonia, Mycoplasma pneumoniae. The study uncovers fascinating
novelties relevant to bacterial biology and shows that even the
simplest of cells is more complex than expected.
Mycoplasma pneumoniae is a small, single-cell bacterium that causes
atypical pneumonia in humans. It is also one of the smallest
prokaryotes ? organisms whose cells have no nucleus ? that do not
depend on a host's cellular machinery to reproduce. This is why the six
research groups, which set out to characterize a minimal cell in a
project headed by scientists Peer Bork, Anne-Claude Gavin and Luis
Serrano, chose M. pneumoniae as a model: it is complex enough to
survive on its own, but small and, theoretically, simple enough to
represent a minimal cell ? and to enable a global analysis.
A network of research groups at EMBL's Structural and Computational
Biology Unit and CRG's EMBL-CRG Systems Biology Partnership Unit
approached the bacterium at three different levels. One team of
scientists described M. pneumoniae's transcriptome, identifying all the
RNA molecules, or transcripts, produced from its DNA, under various
environmental conditions. Another defined all the metabolic reactions
that occurred in it, collectively known as its metabolome, under the
same conditions. A third team identified every multi-protein complex
the bacterium produced, thus characterising its proteome organisation.
"At all three levels, we found M. pneumoniae was more complex than we
expected", says Luis Serrano, co-initiator of the project at EMBL and
now head of the Systems Biology Department at CRG.
When studying both its proteome and its metabolome, the scientists
found many molecules were multifunctional, with metabolic enzymes
catalyzing multiple reactions, and other proteins each taking part in
more than one protein complex. They also found that M. pneumoniae
couples biological processes in space and time, with the pieces of
cellular machinery involved in two consecutive steps in a biological
process often being assembled together.
This image represents the integration of genomic, metabolic, proteomic,
structural and cellular information about Mycoplasma pneumoniae in this
project: one layer of an Electron Tomography scan of a bottle-shaped M.
pneumoniae cell (grey) is overlaid with a schematic representation of
this bacterium's metabolism, comprising 189 enzymatic reactions, where
blue indicates interactions between proteins encoded in genes from the
same functional unit. Apart from these expected interactions, the
scientists found that, surprisingly, many proteins are multifunctional.
For instance, there were various unexpected physical interactions
(yellow lines) between proteins and the subunits that form the
ribosome, which is depicted as an Electron microscopy image (yellow).
Credit: Takuji Yamada /EMBL.
Remarkably, the regulation of this bacterium's transcriptome is much
more similar to that of eukaryotes ? organisms whose cells have a
nucleus ? than previously thought. As in eukaryotes, a large proportion
of the transcripts produced from M. pneumoniae's DNA are not translated
into proteins. And although its genes are arranged in groups as is
typical of bacteria, M. pneumoniae doesn't always transcribe all the
genes in a group together, but can selectively express or repress
individual genes within each group.
Unlike that of other, larger, bacteria, M. pneumoniae's metabolism does
not appear to be geared towards multiplying as quickly as possible,
perhaps because of its pathogenic lifestyle. Another surprise was the
fact that, although it has a very small genome, this bacterium is
incredibly flexible and readily adjusts its metabolism to drastic
changes in environmental conditions. This adaptability and its
underlying regulatory mechanisms mean M. pneumoniae has the potential
to evolve quickly, and all the above are features it also shares with
other, more evolved organisms.
"The key lies in these shared features", explains Anne-Claude Gavin, an
EMBL group leader who headed the study of the bacterium's proteome:
"Those are the things that not even the simplest organism can do
without and that have remained untouched by millions of years of
evolution ? the bare essentials of life".
This study required a wide range of expertise, to understand M.
pneumoniae's molecular organisation at such different scales and
integrate all the resulting information into a comprehensive picture of
how the whole organism functions as a system ? an approach called
systems biology.
"Within EMBL's Structural and Computational Biology Unit we have a
unique combination of methods, and we pooled them all together for this
project", says Peer Bork, joint head of the unit, co-initiator of the
project, and responsible for the computational analysis.
"In partnership with the CRG group we thus could build a complete
overall picture based on detailed studies at very different levels."
Bork was recently awarded the Royal Society and Acad?mie des Sciences
Microsoft Award for the advancement of science using computational
methods. Serrano was recently awarded a European Research Council
Senior grant.
Proteome Organization in a Genome-Reduced Bacterium.
Sebastian K?hner, Vera van Noort, Matthew J. Betts, Alejandra
Leo-Macias, Claire Batisse, Michaela Rode, Takuji Yamada, Tobias Maier,
Samuel Bader, Pedro Beltran-Alvarez, Daniel Casta?o-Diez, Wei-Hua Chen,
Damien Devos, Marc G?ell, Tomas Norambuena, Ines Racke, Vladimir Rybin,
Alexander Schmidt, Eva Yus, Ruedi Aebersold, Richard Herrmann, Bettina
B?ttcher, Achilleas S. Frangakis, Robert B. Russell, Luis Serrano, Peer
Bork, and Anne-Claude Gavin
Science 27 November 2009: 1235-1240, DOI: 10.1126/science.1176343
Transcriptome Complexity in a Genome-Reduced Bacterium.
Marc G?ell, Vera van Noort, Eva Yus, Wei-Hua Chen, Justine Leigh-Bell,
Konstantinos Michalodimitrakis, Takuji Yamada, Manimozhiyan Arumugam,
Tobias Doerks, Sebastian K?hner, Michaela Rode, Mikita Suyama, Sabine
Schmidt, Anne-Claude Gavin, Peer Bork, and Luis Serrano
Science 27 November 2009: 1268-1271, DOI: 10.1126/science.1176951
Impact of Genome Reduction on Bacterial Metabolism and Its Regulation.
Eva Yus, Tobias Maier, Konstantinos Michalodimitrakis, Vera van Noort,
Takuji Yamada, Wei-Hua Chen, Judith A. H. Wodke, Marc G?ell, Sira
Mart?nez, Ronan Bourgeois, Sebastian K?hner, Emanuele Raineri, Ivica
Letunic, Olga V. Kalinina, Michaela Rode, Richard Herrmann, Ricardo
Guti?rrez-Gallego, Robert B. Russell, Anne-Claude Gavin, Peer Bork, and
Luis Serrano
Science 27 November 2009: 1263-1268, DOI: 10.1126/science.1177263
ZenMaster For more on stem cells and cloning, go to CellNEWS at
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to CellNEWS using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-29 08:06:37
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Non-Corporate Fortune 500 
I find these sorts of essays...the Marx-based talk of Europe, so full of
judgment and name-calling that they become impenetrable.   They remind me of
the anger and bile of the US right wing...a know-nothingness combined with a
marriage to a worldview that cannot amend.  It is as if the perspective is
so rutted into the wagon tracks that nothing can ever again be thought
unless it is based on critical theory.
P2P may well have some intellectual linkage to what has been typically
termed "utopian socialism" e.g Fourier.  But I doubt it is significant.  The
past is, decidedly, the past.  Funny that those of us doomed to repeat it by
forgetting it are never very much aware that the present maps in any
interesting way with what has come before.
My own feeling is that history helps us little.  Instead, it bogs us down in
culturalism and name calling rather than allowing a capacity for fresh ideas
and new analyses. The trouble is, historical scholarship is rather easy.
Plus it is certain.  We have some inkling that the facts are actually
facts.  True social science, true social philosophy are harder.
The essay by Theret (or Michel's interesting comments on it) mentions
Michael Walzer's  communitarianism in one breadth and then state that civil
servants led the closure of the capitalist plot in another. This is ironic
since the main standard carriers for communitarianism have been government
and legal scholars...like Walzer himself.  Amy Guttman, President of the
University of Pennsylvania is another classic example.  All this leads back
to sterile discussions carried on by people like Habermas that take us
nowhere.  Those are not action people.  Those are "play with words" people
far better suited to the pasts they so preciously study.  Few if any of them
wander into the chat rooms and social networks that define the present to
see what they think they are talking about.
To my mind, P2P would be well served by a happy divorce from all political
theory past.  It's sterile Euro or American cultured stuff that really
doesn't serve the future.

@_date: 2009-11-29 08:22:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Presumably, this would cause approval to happen only once every few days
Ted's point is well taken.  When we govern we are inclined to sticks rather
than carrots (to move the donkey).  However, we've all become accustomed
(through markets) to hate sticks.  We walk away from them.  So, norms become
best.  Norms are like manners (or manners are norms) in that we are subtly
guided toward correct behavior (which taken to an extreme becomes criticized
as "politically correct.")
I personally don't like to use sticks.  I don't even much care to use
carrots.  I prefer norms.  Norms can be communally agreed and published, but
that takes leadership.  In a P2P environment, leadership is open.  Anyone
who cares to norm us need only make the case that norms would serve all
better than the status quo.  Inevitably from our own perspectives we can see
a better world.  The key comes in convincing others...politics.  Norms are
politics and P2P is perhaps the most political theory of economics yet to
come along.

@_date: 2009-11-29 08:31:24
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Pooled Fund Project update 
This is interesting (and great!).  What do you think it is (or would be
called)...a contract?  A...what?  In the world of organizations one would
have a partnership agreement which would be contractual.  Here it is more a
The point I am trying to get at is that this a sort of new P2P thing...like
a formal promise without legal weight.  I wonder if this is a general sort
of development in P2P organizations?
In open organizations and commons, there must be a capacity to plan and to
set expectations.  However, these are more promises than something that
binds.  Binding promises entail a certain ethos...or a reputation for
trust.  Could such an action occur rapidly and ad hoc without such locally
binding moments of trust?
Sorry, just having an organizational theory moment...and congratulations on
what seems a productive path and an innovative approach.

@_date: 2009-11-29 14:43:40
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Paul Bagyenda: Geography is History 
The Internet in Africa
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Paul Bagyenda: Geography is
History via Appfrica? Appfrica | Ideas, Development, Data and Design.
by Jon on 11/28/09
Ugandan computer scientist Paul Bagyenda discusses how the internet has
changed Uganda over the past decade and why ?geography is history?.
Recorded November 23 at TEDxKampala.
? 2008 - 2009 Appfrica International. Looking for more African tech?
Try our podcast Appfricast which you can also find on iTunes.
Share and Enjoy:
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Appfrica? Appfrica | Ideas, Development, Data and
Design. using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-29 13:45:28
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FreeNet 
I think that most people want to think of P2P as advancing a commons
constructed of goods that people share justly from their own value/labor.
I suppose that sharing to avoid persecution is another side of that.  In
some cases it is sharing to avoid property laws...to many, a form of theft
as we have discussed with regard to Pirate Bay in the recent press...which I
think most who discuss things here dismissed as sub-moral.
Freenet strikes me as mostly an aim to avoid political persecution.  If
someone in Pakistan wants to read a banned book or see a pornographic
video...or if someone in Burma wants to learn to make a bomb.  Hard to say
what the morality of these things are.  Posting copyright materials simply
for the sake of avoiding costs seems offensive.  But I may be more
judgmental than most on that particular point.

@_date: 2009-11-29 14:05:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FreeNet 
My own view is that axiomatic bads and goods are the stuff of religions, not
reason or good governance.  So, I would reject the idea that anything can be
based on a fundamental tenet.  Free speech, as the classic example goes,
does not allow shouting fire in a theater or selling pornography in a grade
school.  There are always some with higher and lower standards of these
offenses.  My standards are relatively high--I would equate them to
operations in a Nordic country.
Interestingly, moments ago Switzerland just banned the construction of
minarets.  Curious policy in the face of "freedom of religion" demanded by
the European declarations and those the UN.  On the other hand, the
fertility rate in Germany/Switzerland/Italy is about 1.3 and the populations
are not declining rapidly. The immigration is often from Turkey or other
Muslim nations such as that by 2030, Germany could be a majority Muslim
country.  That may not be how Germans view themselves.
Systems and collectives of course have morality just as a state or
corporation does.  So to allow or sanction a behavior is a moral act--like
preventing a certain type of building being built because one sees it as
culturally transformative and symbolic.
Libertarianism in the sense of live and let live is really a fairly thin
moral gruel for a society.  It's really avoidance of making a moral
decision.  It is often used as a defense for things like Pirate sites, but I
don't think it gets much traction with those of us who think a lot about
these things.

@_date: 2009-11-29 15:56:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
I've used Thunderbird for the last couple of days.  I sure miss GMAIL.
Thunderbird is slower, clunkier and, even with add-ins, just doesn't have
the features of GMAIL.  The experiment isn't over.  I'm trying to convince
myself I'm biased.  I am told 20x thousand people front Gmail with
Thunderbird each and every month...so there must be a reason.  So far, I
can't say what it is.  The Thunderbird reader for RSS is positively
primitive compared to Google Reader.  I feel like I lost 5 years of
I don't want to argue it or go into the details...others may reasonably
vary...these are first impressions based on 2 days and a strong bias toward
having liked Gmail and Google Reader...and by the way, I use Firefox 90% of
the time...though Chrome (which is faster and cleaner) more and more.

@_date: 2009-11-29 21:16:54
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Making Money By Giving Your Movie Away (But How 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Making Money By Giving Your
Movie Away (But How Much?) via Open Culture by Dan Colman on 11/29/09
Nina Paley created some buzz earlier this year when she decided to give
her award-winning animated film, Sita Sings the Blues, to the public,
releasing it under a Creative Commons license. This was another test of
the concept that artists can make money by giving their work away.
Today, The Wall Street Journal gives an accounting of how this theory
played out in practice. Here?s how things break down:
- Total donations from people who appreciate her giving out free
content: $23,000
- Profits from her online store which sells merchandise and DVDs:
- Theatrical distribution revenues: $3,000 (out of total box office
tally of $22,350)
- Additional DVD distribution: $3,000
- Broadcast television distribution: $3,000
- Revenue from Central Cinema in Seattle which showed the film: $4,000
- The grand total: $55,000
As the WSJ notes, these numbers don?t reflect the money she spent
making the film . (Paley puts the number at $150,000 in hard costs.)
They also don?t account for the indirect revenue that she will generate
down the line. But putting Sita Sings the Blues in front of so many
people, the world now knows a lot more about Nina Paley and her
talents. I have to believe that she can trade on that (if she wants to)
whenever she agrees to direct a film, or accepts a speaking engagement.
The WSJ equation doesn?t take this piece into account (it?s admittedly
hard to measure), but it?s probably the most important part of the
overall analysis.
You can download Sita Sings the Blues here, watch it on YouTube here,
or find it in our collection of Free Movies Online.
Related Content:
How I Sold My Book by Giving It Away: You should all see this separate
post by Seth Harwood. It focuses on similar issues, but translated to
the book world.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Open Culture using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-11-29 16:54:35
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
Yep, already gave up on RSS in Thunderbird.  Email...not so bad.  Google is
better, but Thunderbird/Mutt is workable.
I miss rapid archives...integrated search and spell check...draft
autosaves...lots of things.
I am actually cheating and sending this on Gmail...it's not going to
work...I just don't like it...it's slow for one.

@_date: 2009-11-29 17:43:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
Here's the beginning of a list...first, it does not integrate with my
calendar--which is on Google and which numerous people in my family and work
share as a standard.
Second, it doesn't autosave.
Third, it doesn't make suggestions for including others...
Fourth, it doesn't have a canned response feature native to it.  Google's is
easy and good.
Fifth, the integrated spell checking in Gmail is easier, faster and, for
reasons I can't quite distinguish...preferable.
Google's tool bar is simple, easy and straightforward...no analog on
Adding Bcc and editing the subject are trivial on gmail.
Adding labels, sorts and moving things to files is much easier and more
standard on gmail.
gmail is readily available on mobile phones...and I can download my exact
setup on any machine in the world trivially.
I forward conversations regularly...gmail makes this easy.
It is one click to send a reader article in google reader in gmail.  I'm
still trying to figure out if it can be done in Thunderbird.
Google gears and other offline tools allow me to be productive when Internet
service is intermittent.
Archive is easy, free and extremely powerful in gmail...and it is universal
and accessible anywhere I go.  No such feature on Thunderbird and hard to
access it on gmail if I use the pop interface to gmail.
That's a beginning...there are others.
I do like the contact features on Thunderbird better...which are
Like I said, much of this is probably personal pref.  Reader isn't close.
Google Reader is simply vastly superior...sharing, reactions, reposts to
delicious and Facebook...much easier and more straightforward.
Just my opinion...

@_date: 2009-11-29 17:55:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
Hi Marco:
Google has a feature whereby I can define and send a canned response...I
have about 10 of them...these range from thank you for the receipt, be
advised I have it and will look forward to further communications, etc. to
Would you like to set up lunch sometime this week?  That way I don't have to
type these standard notes but can just pull them from a list...a feature I
use quite a lot.
"Canned" is English/US slang for standard or pre-set.  Canned music would be
pre-recorded standards played in a store, for instance.
Hope that makes it clearer.

@_date: 2009-11-30 00:46:36
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Theory that Civilization is a Heat Engine 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Theory that Civilization is a
Heat Engine via Next Big Future by noreply at blogger.com (bw) on 11/29/09
A University of Utah scientist (Tim Garrett, an associate professor of
atmospheric sciences) argues that rising carbon dioxide emissions - the
major cause of global warming - cannot be stabilized unless the world's
economy collapses or society builds the equivalent of one new nuclear
power plant each day.
"Fundamentally, I believe the system is deterministic," says
Garrett. "Changes in population and standard of living are only a
function of the current energy efficiency. That leaves only switching
to a non-carbon-dioxide-emitting power source as an available option."
"The problem is that, in order to stabilize emissions, not even reduce
them, we have to switch to non-carbonized energy sources at a rate
about 2.1 percent per year. That comes out to almost one new nuclear
power plant per day."
Garrett's study was panned by some economists and rejected by several
journals before acceptance by Climatic Change, a journal edited by
renowned Stanford University climate scientist Stephen Schneider. The
study will be published online this week.
The study - which is based on the concept that physics can be used to
characterize the evolution of civilization - indicates:
* Energy conservation or efficiency doesn't really save energy, but
instead spurs economic growth and accelerated energy consumption.
* Throughout history, a simple physical "constant" - an unchanging
mathematical value - links global energy use to the world's accumulated
economic productivity, adjusted for inflation. So it isn't necessary to
consider population growth and standard of living in predicting
society's future energy consumption and resulting carbon dioxide
* "Stabilization of carbon dioxide emissions at current rates will
require approximately 300 gigawatts of new non-carbon-dioxide-emitting
power production capacity annually - approximately one new nuclear
power plant (or equivalent) per day," Garrett says. "Physically, there
are no other options without killing the economy."
Garrett treats civilization like a "heat engine" that "consumes energy
and does 'work' in the form of economic production, which then spurs it
to consume more energy," he says.
"If society consumed no energy, civilization would be worthless," he
adds. "It is only by consuming energy that civilization is able to
maintain the activities that give it economic value. This means that if
we ever start to run out of energy, then the value of civilization is
going to fall and even collapse absent discovery of new energy sources."
Garrett says his study's key finding "is that accumulated economic
production over the course of history has been tied to the rate of
energy consumption at a global level through a constant factor."
That "constant" is 9.7 (plus or minus 0.3) milliwatts per
inflation-adjusted 1990 dollar. So if you look at economic and energy
production at any specific time in history, "each inflation-adjusted
1990 dollar would be supported by 9.7 milliwatts of primary energy
consumption," Garrett says.
Garrett tested his theory and found this constant relationship between
energy use and economic production at any given time by using United
Nations statistics for global GDP (gross domestic product), U.S.
Department of Energy data on global energy consumption during
1970-2005, and previous studies that estimated global economic
production as long as 2,000 years ago. Then he investigated the
implications for carbon dioxide emissions.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Next Big Future using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-30 22:38:34
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is There a "Moore's Law" for Cities? World's Leading 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Is There a "Moore's Law" for
Cities? World's Leading Experts Say "Yes" via The Daily Galaxy: Great
Discoveries Channel by Casey Kazan Daily Galaxy Editorial Staff on
Several thousand years ago the evolution of social organizations in the
form of cities brought a new dynamic to the planet that seems to be
uniquely human: People actually do walk on average faster in larger
cities whereas heart rates decrease as animal size increases. With the
city, it seems, mankind has created an "organism" operating beyond the
bounds of biology.
Geoffrey West, President and Distinguished Professor of the Santa Fe
Institute, led a team of scientists from various institutions that
found that measures of wealth creation and innovation, increase with
size, in such a way that doubling the size of a city increases its
economic productivity per person by about 15%. This "universal"
behavior is seen worldwide from China, to Europe, to the USA. Their
results show that all cities share common underlying dynamics and that,
on the average, they are scaled versions of one another; despite
obvious superficial characteristics, New York, Boston and Santa Fe are
to a large extent scaled versions of one another!
For many, cities are viewed as the principal source of our social and
environmental problems such as crime, pollution, poverty and, often,
incidence of disease, but cities have also always been
disproportionately the birthplaces for most of human prosperity,
innovation and culture.
Drawing from insights from research in biology that revealed the
theoretical underpinnings relating the extraordinary similarity in the
structure, organization and dynamics of organisms of vastly different
sizes from cells to ecosystems, the team analyzed a large number of
urban indicators in the USA, China and several European countries,
covering measures of economic productivity, innovation, demographics,
crime, public health, infrastructure and patterns of human behavior.
They discovered that all these quantities follow simple statistical
scaling relations with population, predictable changes from small
cities to the largest megalopolis.
The results are particularly relevant at a time where for the first
time in human history, the majority of people worldwide are now living
in cities. Yet, urbanization and its consequences remain poorly
understood. What is fascinating and surprising about our results is
that they show that the good things about cities - such as their
innovation - and the bad ones - such as crime and the incidence of
certain diseases - seem to increase predictably in the same proportion
as cities become larger. Faster and faster rates of per capita growth
with larger urban populations means the pace of life increases
measurably with city size, as we have all experienced. Cities are
social accelerators.
The researchers showed that city growth driven by wealth creation
increases at a rate that is faster than exponential; the only way to
avoid collapse as a population outstrips the finite resources available
to it is through constant cycles of innovation. These effectively
re-engineer the initial conditions of growth. But the greater the
absolute population, the smaller the relative return on each such
investment - new ideas must come ever faster. Thus, the bigger the
city, the faster life is; but the rate at which life gets faster must
itself accelerate to maintain the city as a growing concern so much so
that to maintain growth, major innovations must now occur on
time-scales that are significantly shorter than a human lifespan.
"In this crucial sense cities are completely different from biological
organisms, which slow down with size; their relative metabolism, growth
rates, heart rates, and even rates of innovation - their evolutionary
rates - systematically - and predictably - decrease with organismal
size," West said.
West, 65, is a former Stanford University faculty member and led the
particle theory group at Los Alamos National Laboratory. An active
scientist, he is a Senior Fellow at Los Alamos National Laboratory and
was appointed President of the Santa Fe Institute in 2005.
Posted by Casey Kazan
Source: santafe.edu
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Daily Galaxy: Great Discoveries Channel using Google
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-01 09:17:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] shots in the dark/p2p article 
Hi Michel,
I am strongly for studying all sorts of modes of healing.  I know that we
have complex mind/body interactions that are not at all understood.  I know
the mind/brain is a complex place and the body is an extension of the mind.
I am not closed to the prospect of unconventional cures.  I am simply
skeptical.  One thing studying the social sciences has taught me that
correlation isn't causality.  For most, correlation feels like causality.
If I pray and get better, prayer caused it.  In fact, it probably didn't,
but the sensemaking feels good.  The same thing happens in organizations
with managers; we sensemake about correlation as causality.  Often (usually)
it isn't upon deep investigation.
I feel that if we abandon the idea of scientific causality, we become lost
in a world of mysticism and fraud where nearly anything goes and progress
isn't based on fact but on power.  So, it may hurt me to doubt complementary
approaches, but I feel it is in the interest of the species and humanity to
be science-based.  If homeopathy, etc. work(s), we ought to discover why and
how. So far, there is no good evidence it works.  There are long-standing
challenges to the entire field of chiropractory, for instance, that stand
unanswered.  But if one believes "an out of place rib" can be corrected to
remove pain, perhaps it can do so.  Does that make the chiropractor a
healer...not in my book.
Paul brought up the issue of placebo creep.  It is real and measureable.
People are more cured by placebos now than they were 20 years ago.  Heaven
knows the pharmaceutical industry has corruption and mal-intent far too
often, but this is a serious medical problem...placebos are working too
much.  People are prone to somatic responses.
As an aside, I am highly doubtful of much of the training and knowledge
management approaches used by US physicians--frankly I wouldn't trust one
older than 50...unless I knew they regularly used the computer to research
and to keep up with fast moving science.  I have been told by doctors that
most of what they know is fully stale in 2-3 years on average (of course
accepting basic anatomy, etc.).
We are rapidly entering the age of genomic medicine.  One of my
sister-in-laws is getting a stem cell transplant as I write (or did so a
brief time ago at the Mayo Clinic.)  What is done now regularly was fantasy
10 years ago.  The University of Miami recently did a 9 organ transplant at
once.  Science is uncovering the mechanics of various proteins every day.
RNA science has move hugely in 10 years.  Most of that has yet to reach
those who practice.  Same is true of nanotechnologies and nanodrug deliver
 If you have a somatic illness, I recommend a somatic cure.  If you have an
ailment where the mind is not causing distress, I recommend science.

@_date: 2009-10-01 10:55:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thinking about science fiction bias 
I'd be willing to bet a great deal that replicating the brain is less than
50 years away.  I strongly suspect it is less than 20 years away...if I had
to put a date on it...I'd guess by 2025 we will have fully functional
automatic brains not only equivalent to humans in all capacities, but
superior in a great number.

@_date: 2009-10-01 19:49:59
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Side-effects from placebos can be drug specific 
More on placebo effect wierdness...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Side-effects from placebos can
be drug specific via Mind Hacks on 9/30/09
A fascinating study just published in the medical journal Pain examined
the side-effects reported by patients taking placebos in clinical
trials to test migraine drugs. It found that side-effects from placebo
were almost as common as from the actual drug, but most interestingly,
were specific to side-effects you would expected from the comparison
In other words, the side-effects you get from a sugar pill in a study
on anticonvulsant drugs closely resemble side-effects you get from
anticonvulsants and are different from the side-effects you get from a
sugar pill in a study on pain killers, which more closely resemble pain
killer side-effects.
The researchers, led by neuroscientist Martina Amanzio, looked at
trials for three type of migraine drugs: NSAIDs (like aspirin),
triptans that work on the serotonin system, and anticonvulsant drugs
more often used to treat epilepsy.
Side-effects from placebo are known as the nocebo effect and just the
combined list of side-effects from the placebo groups in this study is
surprising enough:
abdominal pain, anorexia or/and weight loss, attention difficulties,
burning or/and flushing, chest discomfort, chills, diarrhea, dizziness,
dry mouth, dyspepsia, fatigue, heaviness, injection side reaction,
insomnia, language difficulties, memory difficulties, nasal signs and
symptoms, nausea, numbness, paresthesia or/and tingling, pharyngitis,
somnolence or/and drowsiness, stinging or/and pressure sensation, taste
disturbance, tinnitus, upper respiratory tract infection, vomiting,
It turns out that when placebo was being compared to an anticonvulsant,
side-effects more common in these drugs - like fatigue, reduced
appetite, sleepiness and tingling sensations - were more common in the
placebo. In contrast, stomach upsets and dry mouth were more common in
the placebo group when the comparison was with NSAID painkillers, which
more often cause these symptoms themselves.
One explanation may be that before taking part in a clinical trial,
patients are informed of the possible side-effects that the active drug
may cause, regardless of whether they are going to be given placebo or
the actual medication.
Information on the possible side-effects will be specific to the real
medication, and, as we know that expectation plays a big part in the
placebo effect, it is probably also shaping the nocebo effect and
leading to the production of symptoms through expectancy.
Link to PubMed entry for study.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Mind Hacks using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-01 19:56:11
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Dean_Kamen=E2=80=99s_prosthetic_arm?= 
The state of the art for prosthetic limbs.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Dean Kamen?s prosthetic arm via
Hack a Day on 10/1/09
60 minutes has covered [Dean Kamen]?s modular robotic arm. This thing
is light weight, adjustable for different body frame sizes, modular,
and eventually thought controlled. The system is currently functioning
quite well, as you can see in the video. Current testers are
controlling it with buttons under their toes, but the thought control
is in the later stages of development. Sounds like science fiction
right? You can see a monkey using a thought controlled arm to feed
itself grapes, though we don?t think it is [Dean]?s arm.
Another cool feature of this arm is the fact that it changes its grip
on your body depending on how much weight you are lifting. Lift
something heavy and it grips harder. Though it has a lot of the same
information, there is a little bit of different footage in [Dean]?s TED
talk about the arm.
It seems to us, with microcontrollers becoming so cheap and accessible
that we should be seeing more home made contraptions in this area. Are
any of you working with prosthetics?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Hack a Day using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-01 19:09:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] shots in the dark/p2p article 
I agree science isn't unified, but the scientific approach...the rules of
the game...are generally agreed.  Not so with outland topics...scientology,
homeopathy, chiropractory, acupuncture.
I agree with you that scientific research is sometimes "bought."  I also
agree that universities can become "kept."  It's a serious problem I fear.
When we put scientology and psychiatry in comparison, I think it is giving a
legitimacy to one that is not widely acknowledged or accepted.  Few research
hospitals would look at scientology as a possible mode of treatment.  All
would have some mainstream form of psychiatry.  Within psychiatry there is
much to debate and sharp, even fierce, disputes.  But the disputes resolve
through standard formats...publications, treatment protocol changes,
diagnostic book changes, etc.  That may not be your intent, but it is
difficult to not read a comparison as a peer to peer relationship.
Part of the governance issue with P2P is that it doesn't allow for simple
hierarchies of legitimacy to form.  In university research, a person attains
standing by publishing and judging frequently.  Yet, in theory, there are
multiple outlets so that even if an error is made, some lesser outlet will
publish.  If not Science, then Nature, if not Nature, some other journal,
etc.  Each one has a collection of peers who value it a certain way.  The
commons is the reputation scheme.  That is very much why I like reputation
schemes in nearly all P2P outlets.  How else could we judge the value of
code submitted to a large commons?  We need judgment. Judgment given
economic weight is simply a market with money.

@_date: 2009-10-02 18:20:11
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ginkgo BioWorks aims to push synthetic biology to 
Small scale production of biological parts...limbs maybe?
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Ginkgo BioWorks aims to push
synthetic biology to the factory level automation via Next Big Future
by noreply at blogger.com (bw) on 10/2/09
Biological parts: Ginkgo BioWorks, a synthetic-biology startup, is
automating the process of building biological machines. Shown here is a
liquid-handling robot that can prepare hundreds of reactions. Credit:
Ginkgo BioWorks
MIT Technology Review reports that startup Ginkgo BioWorks aims to push
synthetic biology to the factory level.
Ginkgo BioWorks, a new synthetic-biology startup that aims to make
biological engineering easier than baking bread. Founded by five MIT
scientists, the company offers to assemble biological parts--such as
strings of specific genes--for industry and academic scientists.
"Think of it as rapid prototyping in biology--we make the part, test
it, and then expand on it," says Reshma Shetty, one of the company's
cofounders. "You can spend more time thinking about the design, rather
than doing the grunt work of making DNA." A very simple project, such
as assembling two pieces of DNA, might cost $100, with prices
increasing from there.
MIT's Tom Knight developed a standardized way of putting together
pieces of DNA, called the BioBricks standard, in which each piece of
DNA is tagged on both sides with DNA connectors that allow pieces to be
easily interchanged.
"If your part obeys those rules, we can use identical reactions every
time to assemble those fragments into larger constructs," says
Knight. "That allows us to standardize and automate the process of
assembly. If we want to put 100 different versions of a system
together, we can do that straightforwardly, whereas it would be a
tedious job to do with manual techniques." The most complicated part
that Ginkgo has built to date is a piece of DNA with 15 genes and a
total of 30,000 DNA letters. The part was made for a private partner,
and its function has not been divulged.
Assembling parts is only part of the challenge in building biological
machines. Different genes can have unanticipated effects on each other,
interfering with the ultimate function. "One of the things we'll be
able to do is to assemble hundreds or thousands of versions of a
specific pathway with slight variations," says Knight. Scientists can
then determine which version works best.
So far, Knight says, the greatest interest has come from manufacturing
companies making chemicals for cosmetics, perfumes, and
flavorings. "Many of them are trying to replace a dirty chemical
process with an environmentally friendly, biologically based process,"
he says.
Ginkgo is one of just a handful of synthetic-biology companies. Codon
Devices, a well-funded startup that synthesized DNA, ceased operations
earlier this year. "The challenge now is not to synthesize genes; there
are a few companies that do that," says Shetty. "It's to build pathways
that can make specific chemicals, such as fuels." And unlike Codon,
Ginkgo is starting small. The company is funded by seed money and a
$150,000 loan from Lifetech Boston, a program to attract biotech to
Boston. Its lab space is populated with banks of PCR machines, which
amplify DNA, and liquid-handling robots, mostly bought on eBay or from
other biotech firms that have gone out of business. And the company
already has a commercial product--a kit sold through New England
Biolabs that allows scientists to put together parts on their own.
FURTHER READING
Gingo Bioworks BioBrick Assembly Kit: The BioBrick Assembly Kit
includes all the reagents needed to assemble BioBrick standard
biological parts.
BrickLayer Assembly Service: Our Ginkgo-bots assemble BioBrick parts so
you don't have to.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Next Big Future using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-03 00:02:34
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Dara O'Briain sets the record straight [Greg Laden's 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Dara O'Briain sets the record
straight [Greg Laden's Blog] via ScienceBlogs : Combined Feed by Greg
Laden none at example.com on 10/2/09
Put them all in a sack and hit them with a stick!
Read the comments on this post...
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to ScienceBlogs : Combined Feed using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-03 07:11:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Dunning Kruger Effect 
It would seem this would have a very high import for P2P theory.

@_date: 2009-10-03 12:24:26
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] U.S. State to Nation GDP Comparison 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: U.S. State to Nation GDP
Comparison via Matador Network on 10/1/09
All statistical information herein courtesy of Strange Maps
In 2007, the US had the largest economy in the world for a single
country, outranked by a single currency only by the European Union.
As difficult as it is for us to conceptualize a trillion
(1,000,000,000,000) or even a billion (1,000,000,000), the U.S. GDP was
estimated at a staggering $13,160,000,000,000. That?s
thirteen-trillion, one-hundred and sixty-billion dollars. Too big to
fail? Some people think so.
As entertaining as it is to delve into the concept that money is a
fabrication, a symbol that we all buy into that doesn?t exist in any
practical sense, we believe in it like kids do Santa. It?s real when we
can?t afford to eat or go to the doctor or buy a house. Though this map
can?t give us an idea of the quality of life for those around the
world, it?s interesting to think of the fairly cushy life in the US
where someone dying of starvation is a freak occurrence as opposed to
the lives of others in nations with far fewer resources.
You have to wonder how many of these countries allow big business to
dictate the cost of the well being of their people, like the insurance
industry seems to be doing in the U.S. If the U.S. is the richest
nation around, it serves us to think about the cost that the people of
the U.S. and other nations worldwide pay for that astonishing figure.
Perhaps that?s a map for another day.
As Strange Maps states (I only used their information) this map is
inaccurate as the numbers don?t reflect the per capita GDP, rather the
gross GDP, and so the relative comfort and wealth of the people in any
given country here as it compares to that of the US citizens of the
corresponding state will bear no correlation.
So with much credit to those at Strange Maps, the following are the
numbers and key to the map you see above.
State - Nation ?GDP - Worldwide Ranking
California - France ? $2,150, 000,000,000 (trillion) - Texas - Canada ? $1,080,000,000,000 (trillion) - Florida - South Korea?s ? $786,000,000,000 - Illinois ? Mexico ? $741,000,000,000 - New Jersey ? Russia - $733,000,000,000 - Ohio ? Australia ? $645,000,000,000 - New York ? Brazil ? $621,000,000,000 - Pennsylvania ? Netherlands ? $613,000,000,000 - Georgia ? Switzerland ? $387,000,000,000 - North Carolina ? Sweden ? $371,000,000,000 - Massachusetts ? Belgium ? $368,000,000,000 - Washington ? Turkey ? $358,000,000,000 - Virginia ? Austria ? $309,000,000,000 - Tennessee ? Saudi Arabia - $286,000,000,000 - Missouri ? Poland ? $265,000,000,000 - Louisiana ? Indonesia ? $264,000,000,000 - Minnesota ? Norway ? $262,000,000,000 - Indiana ? Denmark ? $256,000,000,000 - Connecticut ? Greece ? $222,000,000,000 - Michigan ? Argentina ? $210,000,000,000 - Nevada ? Ireland ? $203,000,000,000 - Wisconsin ? South Africa - $200,000,000,000 - Arizona ? Thailand - $197,000,000,000 - # 34
Colorado ? Finland ? $196,000,000,000 - Alabama ? Iran ? $195,000,000,000 - Maryland ? Hong Kong ? $187,000,000,000 - Kentucky ? Portugal ? $177,000,000,000 - Iowa ? Venezuela ? $148,000,000,000 - Kansas ? Malaysia ? $132,000,000,000 - Arkansas ? Pakistan ? $124,000,000,000 - Oregon ? Israel ? $122,000,000,000 - South Carolina ? Singapore ? $121,000,000,000 - Nebraska ? Czech Republic ? $119,000,000,000 - New Mexico ? Hungary ? $113,000,000,000 - Mississippi ? Chile ? $100,000,000,000 - DC ? New Zealand ? $99,000,000,000 - Oklahoma ? Philippines ? $98,000,000,000 - West Virginia ? Algeria ? $92,000,000,000 - Hawaii ? Nigeria ? $83,000,000,000 - Idaho ? Ukraine ? $81,000,000,000 - Delaware ? Romania ? $79,000,000,000 - Utah ? Peru ? $76,000,000,000 - New Hampshire ? Bangladesh ? $69,000,000,000 - Maine ? Morocco ? $57,000,000,000 - Rhode Island ? Vietnam ? $48,000,000,000 - South Dakota ? Croatia ? $37,000,000,000 - Montana ? Tunisia ? $33,000,000,000 - North Dakota ? Ecuador ? $32,000,000,000 - Alaska ? Belarus ? $29 ,000,000,000 - Vermont ? Dominican Republic ? $20,000,000,000 - Wyoming ? Uzbekistan ? $11,000,000,000 - Feature photo: quinn.anya
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Matador Network using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-03 13:07:11
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 48 Year-Old Blogger Has Gone 9 Years Without 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: 48 Year-Old Blogger Has Gone 9
Years Without Spending Money via Idealist's Npnews Topic on 10/2/09
Daniel Suelo wasn't poor, a victim of bad luck, mentally ill, or even
uneducated. He just decided that he wanted to have nothing to do with
money. So he gave up consumer culture altogether, and for the last 9
years, he's survived by living in a cave in Utah, and dumpster diving,
foraging, fishing, and occasionally hunting for food. He spends his
time in the great outdoors--and in the public library, where he blogs
about it all. ...Read the full story on TreeHugger
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Idealist's Npnews Topic using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-03 15:50:23
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Images of capitalism, socialism, etc. 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: (Image) via e-Klaser. (without
imported items) on 10/3/09
[Reposted from gfusc via zarucki]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to e-Klaser. (without imported items) using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-03 16:00:02
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cities 2.0 
The rapid rise of cities...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Cities 2.0 via Next Big Future
by noreply at blogger.com (bw) on 10/3/09
The world has an opportunity to develop new more productive and
efficient cities that are built entirely new because of the billions
moving to cities. The current move from rural to urban is increasing
per capita GDP by four to eight times in places like China. The
productivity gains could be even greater if a new kind of city could be
produced with double or triple the productivity of current cities.
China is considering accelerating urbanization from the current pace
of20-35 million people per year.
Source: Population Division of the Department of Economic and Social
Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, World Population Prospects:
The 2006 Revision and World Urbanization Prospects: The 2007 Revision,
World Urban population 2000-2050
Year Urban population (in billions) Total population
2000 2.85 6.12
2005 3.16 6.51
2010 3.49 6.91
2015 3.84 7.30
2020 4.21 7.68
2025 4.58 8.01
2030 4.97 8.32
2035 5.34 8.59
2040 5.71 8.82
2045 6.06 9.03
2050 6.40 9.20
Urbanization is ultimately heading towards about 85-90%. If population
levels out at 9.5 billion then that would be about 8.5 billion in
cities in about 2080.
There is an opportunity for countries like China to reinvent cities
that are more productive and efficient. Design and prototyping of
cities could be done from now to 2020. A radically different from
scratch city could be developed and built out starting in 2020-2030.
Doming cities could be re-examined as well as factory production of
cities with more compact footprints and arcology features. Multi-level
structures with 20-30 foot high levels could use less area while still
providing a feeling of openness.
A domed city would most benefit from being a planned city like Masdar
city in Abu Dhabi.
City scale climate engineering could save money and more efficiently
reduce energy costs.
Air supported sheets for Domes could get to far larger size
For towers, the mile high building is still proceeding.
The smaller more conservative domes in the Houston video would have
either just one for the city center or several covering several areas
of the metro area.
The cost benefits for any dome city would be more readily realized as
part of a build from scratch plan like Masdar.
Retrofit versions would be after the technology and benefits were
proved out. Although certain cities that are vulnerable to hurricanes
like along Texas coast and New Orleans could have justification for
Dome retrofits instead of other public works projects that would have
costs into the tens of billions. Bridges, buildings, roads etc...
An existing large domed greenhouse has several connected dome
structures so you can always expand out as needed.
Bolonkin (who has optimistic economic projections) has a paper on
doming a city and handling water and climate.
Reimaginging Movement
Masdar is a planned city that would have no fossil fuel cars.
US Bureau of Transportation Statistics (BTS) costs of freight
transporation by mode
Air 82 cents per ton mile
Truck 26 cents per ton mile
Rail 2.9 cents per ton mile
Barge 0.72 cents per ton mile (2001)
Pipeline 1.49 cents per ton mile (2001)
Therefore the energy efficiency gains are possible with a megascale
engineering revamp. Magnetic pipelines for cargo movement and
deliveries could reduce costs by twelve times over trucks inside cities.
China has funded magnetic pipelines for moving cargo. The magnetic
movement of cargo would be like plumbing for waste and water, but would
be pipes for efficiently moving goods within and between cities.
Another company, Launchpoint Technologies, is developing a freight rail
electrication system. Rail motor is at the link on magnetic pipelines.
Revamping transportation and cargo movement and people movement would
be part of a planned conversion of cities. It is thinking far bigger
than the areas of cities that are walking only outdoor malls.
Note the low cost per ton mile of barges. This is why as China dams its
major rivers with the equivalent of a three Gorges every two years from
now to 2030, they are deepening a lot of rivers to allow 10,000 ton
barges to go to the interior. The China example of hundreds of
gigawatts of hydroelectric power while also enabing a nationwide barge
infrastructure shows that
1. A major plan where engineers run a country.
2. That thinking big can deliver more energy, efficiency and high
productivity for a country.
3. An engineering plan that enables the GDP of entire regions and
cities to double or more
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Next Big Future using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-03 20:58:58
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free Ivy-League Lectures on the Economy 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Free Ivy-League Lectures on the
Economy via The Big Picture by Barry Ritholtz on 10/3/09
Online Classes.org has a list of 50 recommended Ivy League economic
classes. (I have been partial to the MIT online economic classes, which
this site omits). Regardless, here are a few worth exploring:
General Economics
The basics of the field of economics:
- Beyond Freakonomics: New Musings on the Economics of Everyday Life:
University of Chicago professor and economist Steven Levitt further
explains his theory on everyday economics in this lecture. [Princeton]
- Game Theory: Learn more about how game theory can be applied to
economics in this lecture from Yale professor Ben Polak. [Yale]
- Financial Markets: This lecture series from professor Robert Shiller
will teach you about the basics of the economic system and how each
part fits together. [Yale]
- Economic Theory for an Innovative World: Learn why this economist
thinks existing models should be changed so that businesses can foster
innovation and change. [Columbia]
- Higher Education and the Recession: Check out this lecture to find
out how higher education is being affected by the recession and how it
might trickle down into local communities. [Cornell]
- Why Stock-price Volatility Should Never Be a Surprise, Even in the
Long Run: Here you can gain a better understanding of how stocks work,
and why you shouldn?t expect them to remain stable all the time. [UPenn]
- Close-up on Vicki Bogan: Listen to this lecture to get a better
understanding of financial decision making. [Cornell]
Understanding the Economic Crisis
- Understanding the Crisis in the Markets: A Panel of Harvard Experts:
Get an explanation of the financial crisis from some of the best and
the brightest by watching this panel discussion at Harvard. [Harvard]
- Capitalism and Confusion: Here, Nobel Laureate Amartya Sen speaks
about the current financial crisis. [Cornell]
- The Subprime Drama Continues, but for How Long?: Has the subprime
crisis run its course? This lecture from Richard Herring attempts to
address many of the issues surrounding this complex topic. [UPenn]
- Origins of the Financial Mess: Alan Blinder, a Professor of Economics
and Public Affairs at the Woodrow Wilson School and co-director of
Princeton`s Center for Economic Policy Studies, discusses the financial
crisis in this lecture. [Princeton]
- Financial Crises: Check out this series of lectures to learn about
the roots of a financial crisis, responses and results. [Princeton]
- The Financial Crisis: Implications for Washington, Wall Street and
Main Street: Here you can get some insights from Cornell experts on the
financial crisis and what it means for business both big and small.
- Soft Landing Economy: This lecture from 2006 shows just how wrong
many predictions about the seriousness of the market downturn really
were. [UPenn]
Proposed Solutions to the Economic Crisis
Once you?ve learned a little more about where the financial crisis
stands, you can listen to these lectures that propose a variety of
solutions, sometimes conflicting, on what to do to help it recover.
- Temporary Nationalization Necessary to Save Troubled Banks: This
lecture from Columbia Business School Professor Stiglitz takes the
stance that the government should take control of failing banks to
ensure economic stability. [Columbia]
- Preventing the Next Financial Crisis: Pay close attention to this
lecture series that brings together numerous scholars, researchers and
experts to discuss how future financial disasters can be averted.
- Economics Advice for President Obama: Several economists at Cornell
share their thoughts on what the government should do in this
informative discussion. [Cornell]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Big Picture using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-04 09:07:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Moving to blogging: Wordpress vs. Movable Type 
Funny, I had heard from a very strong AI coder that Wordpress is elegant,
well-written and secure. A fellow I work with every day agrees/finds Drupal
very flexible but slow and cumbersome and a security problem.  I've seen
most pros switch to Wordpress over the years.
I too am thinking of starting up a blog, but my coding days are past I
suspect.  It's a young person's sport.

@_date: 2009-10-04 16:06:08
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Floating Hydro-Electric Barrel Generator 
Very cool, very simple personal energy generation.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Floating Hydro-Electric Barrel
Generator via The Big Picture by Barry Ritholtz on 10/4/09
This looks like a pretty cool ?green? design idea:
?This is a floating waterwheel that can generate electricity when
suspended over a river or other flowing water regardless of the depth
and speed of flow.
The unique chevron shaped paddle treads give the barrel the ability to
rotate about its horizontal axis in fast flowing water, entering the
water smoothly and re-surfacing without lifting water.
The merit of this design is the significant reduction of any down force
and the elimination of the bow wave in front of the barrel as it
rotates at the same speed as the flow of water, thus increasing the
efficiency of the machine. This would be an ideal product for todays
demands for cheap re-newable energy and would be a cost effective
product for the pico hydroelectric or micro hydroelectric energy
It also can work with tidal actions:
The HEB could be used to produce both wave energy and energy from tidal
current at the same time. The barrel rolls on the waves, rising and
falling to drive both hub and linear permanent magnet generators.
Energy could be produced simultaneously by the tidal current rotating
the barrel.
In this way the HEB would provide a more constant energy output being
dormant only at slack tide when the surface is flat calm.
from developer Hydro Electric Barrel Generator and Treehugger.
Hat tip Polizeros
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Big Picture using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-04 18:56:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] gotta read this 
I trust I am one your friends, and I am an American, so I'll venture a
Most all of it is hard to argue.  I don't know what to think either.  It is
unprecedented, frustrating and dark times for a country I love very much.
On the other hand, not many nations can be as self critical and divided and
still carry on business fairly well not only for ourselves but for the world
around us.  When it comes to innovation, technological and social, when it
comes to regulation and a general bias for justice--though often confused by
markets, religions, prejudices and ignorance of various forms, I'm still
very proud of my country.
We have our marriage disputes on the front porch, it's true.  Maybe that's a
good thing for the world. I'm often embarrassed about American foibles; I
personally feel no embarrassment about the country in comparison to any
People who understand the US know that Vermont is utterly different from
Oklahoma which is entirely different from Oregon, Florida or Utah.  We speak
the same language.  Have similar cultural institutions and travel/relocate
freely, but other than that, the nation is really more comparable to a
continent--like Europe.  State laws can differ significantly.  State
cultures are dramatically different...my father used to say the widest river
in the world is the Ohio which separates the northern and industrial State
of Ohio from a more southern and rural Kentucky.  Feuds about local college
sports teams, high schools, etc. can be sharply cut at a county, state or
city line.  Our civil war was fought (in principle) for the freedom of a
subject people--no other in world history has been.
In some ways Europe is more homogeneous than the US.  The US deals with
racial and social mixtures that almost no one else matches...maybe Brazil or
Argentina, or parts of the UK like London, or Paris.  We have vastly more
immigrants than any other nation.  In general, our citizenship is the most
desired by the broadest numbers and diversities of people.
We grant much of the world's aid.  We shepherd the UN, the World Bank, the
IMF--sometimes poorly, but overall, no one trusts anybody else.  Our troops
are often the first to stand in front of evil--though some would say we
misinterpret it, and I would agree with them.  We didn't invent the WWW, but
we did build the Internet, built the firms that made it possible, and
experimented on ourselves with the social impacts--like the death of
newspapers.  We delivered cable TV, destroyed our own nationalized phone
network first, built and shattered several international and national
transportation systems, started the Creative Commons and GNU project, and
absorbed graduate students from the whole world into our universities--to
our own advantage sometimes, but not nearly so much as what we have
With Britain, we pioneered the social welfare safety net and fought the way
out of the Great Depression without focus on war, socialism, fascism or
I am told by Japanese that they no longer come to the US because there is
nothing for them to learn from us.  Perhaps.  But we still go to Japan to
teach...and China and Korea, etc.  And we open our systems to them.  Never
have I much seen an invitation from the Japanese to understand their
advances and approaches.
In my graduate program there were more students from abroad than Americans.
Can any European or Asian institute claim that?  We took the lead out gas
when it still choked you in Berlin, Paris or London.  We made jet engines
quieter.  We gave GIS to the world...something Europe is gearing up to copy
soon...we've offered it to everyone for 20 years.  We built an unprecedented
and relatively open research network and publication system including
medical research, and we helped rebuild those who attacked   Our farm, seed
and fertilizer technologies have fed the world.
Now it would be easy to build a similar list of US faults and failings.  We
pollute far more, etc.  But when I look at the colonial world, the world of
empires and world wars, I see nothing for Europe to feel joy about and much
to feel shame over.  When I look at communism, I cannot esteem Russia or
China much.  I do not see sharing, honest and often selfless aid, or
legitimate and open self-criticism.  America is deeply flawed.  Clearly.
So, as an American, I am hoping things get better for us.  But I think it
would be a twisted non-American who would wish the US ill during these
times. We have our moments of arrogance and ignorance both, but who would
you trust more as a dominant power? And even if there were no dominant
power, how long would it take for the EU to create the sorts of social,
business, political, legal and technological innovations we take as
commonplace from the US?  Losing that engine of innovation cannot be a gain
for the planet.  Do any of us feel good about China being the leader in
renewables research?  No one would have such doubts about the US.  So the
news isn't all bad.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-10-05 08:09:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Floating Hydro-Electric Barrel Generator 
I am, so far, personally very suspicious of all local projects on power
because of pollution.  Stream ecologies can be easily ruined.  Active solar
(so far) spreads horrible chemicals I know will never be handled properly.
I've seen no proof they do not leach off of solar plants while they sit on
roofs, etc. now.  I worry that active solar may prove to be a titanic
ecological disaster.  I read the literature regularly in hopes that my fears
will be alleviated.  So far, they are not.  Carbon nanotube technologies
appear promising, but I understand they are a decade off, at least.
I also have grave doubts about personal manufacturing for similar
reasons...I doubt people will be able to do it without losing hands, eyes,
etc. on a regular basis.  It will be impossible to regulate and set training
standards.  There isn't a great history of personal responsibility with
items that are dangerous on our planet.  I don't know how we are going to
develop that now.  As a person who focuses in my "day job" on workforce
development, I find it totally implausible that the skills and capacities to
execute a distributed manufacturing economy are feasible.  It takes highly
specialized and rare skills to be a top programmer in the FOSS world, why
would we expect different of personal manufacturing or power?
Specialization has ruled the world for 300 years.  I don't see that stopping
soon.  And specialization, but its very nature, is not broad-based and
One reason I am a fan of nuclear is that it generates large amounts of power
with relatively minor (though permanent) ecological implications for the
wattage generated.
The P2P implications of personal natural gas engines as are being tried out
in Germany are very interesting.  I can see that working.  The more I know
about (active) solar, the greater my doubts it is worth anything at all.
No one is a bigger fan of passive solar/OTEC-hydrogen-Ammonia cycles than
So, as big a fan as I am of the commons and commoners, I don't see related
P2P solutions in money, manufacturing or power as very realistic
transformative ideals.  I've never seen P2P as transformative.  I see it as
a philosophy of life held by a relatively small elite that can benefit
larger groups.

@_date: 2009-10-05 08:45:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New website about active citizenship and other 
This looks a lot like a mobile phone-sort of initiative.  M-learning is
something I follow.  It hasn't made much progress, but your initiative seems
very suited to useful deployment on cell phones in Africa, the Caribbean,
etc.  Here in the Cayman Islands we have only about 20% of houses with
access to a computer.  Everyone (everyone over 14) has a cell phone.  I've
often contemplated what to "tell" them in 400-500 words a day.  Most don't
read the papers or the Internet.  Well over 75% of the world has yet to read
their first bit of Internet news.

@_date: 2009-10-05 09:30:28
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] gotta read this 
I tend to agree that the Nordic nations live the best and have the best
systems for their nations.  Their problems and responsibilities were and are
relatively small, on the other hand.  Norway sits on a lake of oil.  Sweden
on a bed of copper and iron.  Finland has endless trees and fresh water.
Denmark impresses me most...they've had to fight off wars, etc. and their
only real asset was a good set of ports.  They've made the most of that.
Still in all, prior to 1900 the poorest places in the developed world were
in Scandanavia.
If I had to pick the most moral nation that has done the most with the least
under the worst circumstances, I'd go with Costa Rica.  I have great
admiration for Canada.  If I weren't an American, I'd want to be a
Canadian.  They are very different from us, and in many respects, better.
If I weren't Canadian, I'd want to be French.  I love the food, the
language, the attitude, the style and, especially, the wine and the beauty
of the place.  Dordogne specifically.
All in all, Americans are a little sensitive to criticism.  This is
particularly true because I think most Americans (especially intellectuals)
see Europeans as typically haughty and self-righteous where America is
concerned.  Europeans have long snickered when the US stumbles (or at least
that's the way lots of Americans see it.)  This usually leads to some right
wing group sending round pictures of all the crosses on graves in the 10s of
European cemeteries with US names on them.  Feelings are easily hurt on both
sides.  I love Europe.  I find it clean, smart, progressive and a wonderful
way of life.  Frankly after about 2 weeks of it, I am very homesick for ugly
and foolish politics, junk food, outrageous entertainment, and kooky ethnic
neighborhoods and cultural streams that break up the homogeneity I feel when
I am in Europe.  It is good for everyone to love a place and commit to it.
As an American abroad, I am perhaps overly sentimental.  I also know your
Asia very little.  I have known and loved Thai friends and have Chinese
family, but Asia is the biggest mystery to me.  My favorite aesthetic is the
Nara Japanese style of living.  My approval is ignorant however.  I have not
witnessed it firsthand and I do not know the history and details like I know
about the history of Jazz or baseball or the rise of various US college
I disagree with Edward about the variety of the US, but I agree with his
point on the homogeneity of our retail businesses...not good.
Americans are expected to not be nationalistic because of our central role,
but we are nationalists, culturalists and egoists...I suppose like most.
Humans aren't perfect.  My time in the trenches in politics as taught me a
few truisms:
1. Openness and transparency is best.  I'd even opt for radical
2. Show me someone willing to invest their own blood and wealth in someone
else's security and happiness and I'll show you someone I trust as a person
or a nation
3. Conflict and debate is essential for progress
4. Things have layers.  Complexity is often present but misunderstood.
5. Idealism is almost always more dangerous than helpful.
6. The best solutions have very very long incubation times.  The real heros
are those who tinker and keep trying to perfect the future.
7. It is always about education.  Nothing else comes close.  Get education
right (I think the Finnish are the world leaders) and you will excel.  Get
it wrong, and you are doomed.  The US doesn't have it right in K-12, for the
most part.  Progress is being made.

@_date: 2009-10-06 09:00:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 100 dollar ink-jet printer modded for 
The lowly inkjet touches yet another major field.  Apparently their was a
lot of value in that very simple design.

@_date: 2009-10-06 14:31:27
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Inflamed passions -- Why do vaccines trigger such 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Inflamed passions via BBC News
Why do vaccines trigger such passionate debate?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to BBC News | Science & Environment | World Edition using
Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-06 13:24:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Inflamed passions -- Why do vaccines trigger 
Hi Paul,
If a parent makes a decision for a child against strong social norms--and I
think it is fair to say there are strong social norms in favor of
vaccination, and the child dies of a preventable disease, do you think
societies act appropriately to put such a parent under criminal
investigation and, potentially, punishment?  I would think most humans would
answer that affirmatively.  One's answer to that social question, I suspect,
has a great deal to do with one's opinion on vaccines, in general.
I am perfectly at ease with people violating social norms, so long as they
are at ease with accepting society's punishments.  No one, not even the most
pronounced human rights advocates that I know of has ever suggested parents
have the right to raise children as they wish regardless of the rights of
the child.  Most would say the child has, if feasibly available, the right
to life.
Likewise, we would need to ask whether the family of one who can prove they
have been injured by a vaccine has the right to secure damages.  I would say
they would within some plausible constraints.
The simple insurance truth is that wearing a seatbelt can kill you.  That
risk is a minor fraction of the benefit gained.  So is a person acting
prudently to avoid wearing seatbelts?  Should they not seatbelt their
children?  When would the decisions change?
On Tue, Oct 6, 2009 at 10:55 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-10-06 16:30:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Charter Cities 
TED Talk links on a new vision for a fragmented future...charter cities.

@_date: 2009-10-07 08:17:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Obama open to newspaper bailout bill - The 
For whatever it is worth, I hold the same view as Kevin on this.  I see no
advantage to the large organizations.  I believe bloggers will go to war
zones, will do long, drawn-out feature-like articles, etc. if there is a
demand and a use for such work.  As it is now, I prefer my news in a collage
of snippets...something I learned in the finance industry where it is
standard.  First, you act on your gut, then you research more...and form a
strategy.  Politicians, I find, are starting to act the same way.  The way
news is used is no longer a 1 day cycle that newspapers need.  I think it is
the timing ecology that has killed them.
On Wed, Oct 7, 2009 at 12:13 AM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2009-10-07 09:07:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Inflamed passions -- Why do vaccines trigger 
Hi Paul,
The points you raise are interesting.  I doubt you have the capacity (as I
would doubt about any of us) to determine what is "balanced."   I trust you
about as much as I trust Fox to be "fair and balanced."  I don't mean that
as an insult.  I trust myself similarly.  Balance is a peer project not an
institutional or individual one.  Fairness entails conflict, doubt and
vetting, in my opinion...as does all legitimacy.
Science, health and public health peers now overwhelmingly find vaccines to
be good science and good public health policy.  Is it possible the peers are
wrong?  Yes.  That judgment needs to be weighed by all competent
individuals.  Most are not competent--even those who believe themselves to
be competent (see recent discussions regarding self-assessments of
The consequences of any person's decisions need to be weighed by various
levels of social communities...just like FSG or other abominable social
practices (like not vaccinating for Hep B, in my opinion).  Personally, I
feel people should be punished for FSG, and people should be punished for
their children getting Hep B if they were offered a vaccine.  But I am a
strong statist, and I find libertarian ideas intriguing but dangerous, in
the main.  Contextually for where humans are today, I see them as
interesting but simply wrong.
Others start from differing views and perspectives.  One perspective ought
not to rule.  In my view, various perspectives must be vetted through some
logical decision process that is transparent, open to realistic change, and
hard to corrupt by individuals and groups.  Those are hard to find.
Scientific peer processes so far appear the best we've got.
Part of the issue for P2P is whether social education, norms, standards and
approaches can be institutionalized in distributed environments.  If they
cannot, P2P is the greatest elitist scheme yet devised.  It clearly does
have an elitist aspect to it so far...that is why I think it is popular
with intellectuals and loners rather than highly social community-builder
types (in my experience).  I would type myself, by the way, as the former,
and a wannabe in the latter group.  The social leaders are generally out
there building communities of those in need, not those who see the world
like themselves.  It takes all types, however, to make progress.
It is possible, though extremely unlikely, that vaccines are the next leaded
gas..  But I seriously doubt it.  Science doubts it, more importantly.
Seemly only cranks and ignorant persons are in the opposition judging from
the wide-scale and frequent science blogging and journalism on this topic
from well-respected peers.  If half of the scientific community sat up and
said...whoa...there is grave doubt here!  I would listen more intently.  So
far, that is not the case.  No major scientific board, union, institution or
even well-qualified leader has worked to discredit wide-scale vaccination.
Most who have done so have extremely dubious credentials and histories.
I do not share you suspicion that profit motives move most people to evil.
It clearly does move some.  For my part, large numbers of institutions are
generally not involved in great conspiracies to enrich themselves while
shooting people up with dangerous drugs.  Whether there are systematic
issues associated with profit and ill-placed incentives is a whole other
story.  On that I think we could easily agree.  But healthcare is not about
enriching doctors and pharmaceutical companies any more than P2P is about
building the intellectual and technological reputations of a few vanguard
coders and social innovators.  In the short run, people can make bad
decisions based on their ego and social needs and desires.  It is, in my
view, a dangerous and nearly psychotic sort of cynicism to see ill-motives
everywhere.  I do not accuse you of that.  I'm just saying that there is a
spectrum of good faith, and it is easy to lose good faith in humanity and
most of its institutions.  I personally describe those who reach such points
as socially/mentally ill.
Still, those who work for the future must break social relationships more
easily than those who more inclined to live in the present.  Innovators are
destroyers.  But so are quacks, charlatans, cranks and (often) the mentally
ill.  Legitimacy is everything.  That's why I think it is such a profound
P2P topic.  It is also one we little focus on.  The source of legitimacy in
science is peer review by vetted experts.  It is imperfect, but so are all
other schemes of legitimacy.  The future of P2P will belong to those who
sort out legitimacy in a way that is workable and acceptable to large
numbers of loners/intellectuals and also those with conventional systematic
legitimacy as it already exists.  Hard to do...maybe impossible.

@_date: 2009-10-07 09:58:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Urgent Need for Blair? 
Blair, so far as I can tell, is the perfect politician.
He is religious though changeably so.  So people can believe he believes,
but is not dogmatic.
He appears stupid, but also can seem bookish and geek-like.  He has a
remarkable ability to transition from daft to dillitante.
He is compassionate, but also ruthless and cunning in debates.
He is nominally a leftist but acts like a right-wing guy more often than
He offends no one, but is remarkably unable to look feckless and weak.
He seems to hustle and work hard, though nothing is ever really
The only people who see him as weak are unlikable numbers guys...like the
current what's his name.
We want to forgive Tony Blair.  We want to say to him it was "well tried."
We know he won't actually try anything.
Like I said, he's perfect.

@_date: 2009-10-07 10:12:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Urgent Need for Blair? 
Yes, it is a plausible epithet, I'm afraid.  As it is for Bush/Cheney.
But imagine a picture of that daft face with "war crminal" under it.  It's
silly.  How could such a dazed and affable duck be a war criminal?  Hitler
looked the part; so too Stalin and Mussolini.  Blair looks like a bar keep
or a guy working in a hospital x-raying your ankle.  He's not plausibly
bad--not like a Hillary Clinton, say, or even Angela Merkel.  Blair is
someone you tell you sad tale to and then leave a big tip.  He's a
friend...not a threat.  Obama has many similar traits.  Obama finds it
harder to hide his intellect--and he has a lot more to hide.  Blair is just
a pleasant dinner guest.  The French and the Germans will see him as an easy
mark...a fool.  They'll be surprised.

@_date: 2009-10-07 13:36:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American on the coming Malthusian Crisis 
October 2, 2009
Another Inconvenient Truth: The World's Growing Population Poses a
Malthusian Dilemma Solving climate change, the Sixth Great Extinction and
population growth... at the same time
By David Biello
By 2050, the world will host nine billion
that's if population growth slows in much of the developing world. Today, at
least one billion people are chronically malnourished or starving. Simply to
maintain that sad state of affairs would require the clearing (read:
deforestation) of 900 million additional hectares of land, according to
Pedro Sanchez, director of the Tropical Agriculture and Rural Environment
Program at The Earth Institute at Columbia University.
The bad news beyond the impacts on people, plants and animals of that kind
of deforestation:
There isn't that much land available. At most, we might be able to add 100
million hectares to the 4.3 billion already under cultivation worldwide.
"Agriculture is the main driver of most ecological
the planet," said economist Jeffrey Sachs,
*Scientific American*
Earth Institute director. "We are literally eating away the other
species on the planet."
Sachs made his remarks yesterday at a symposium hosted by the institute on
how to improve agriculture to address the mounting challenge of feeding the
world while combating climate change and stopping the wholesale loss of
among other interrelated issues.
Agriculture?thanks to deforestation, nitrous oxide from fields, methane from
cattle and rice paddies?is responsible for one third of global greenhouse
gas emissions from human activity, making emissions from transporting food,
known as "food miles," a "rounding error," said ecologist Jonathan Foley,
director of the Institute on the Environment (IonE) at the University of
Minnesota. Pasture has become the dominant ecosystem on the planet, he
added, and humans directly employ some 40 percent of the surface of the
planet. "Very little of that is urban."
In addition, agriculture accounts for at least 85 percent of human water
consumption?a growing concern as aquifers diminish and hydrology
the face of climate change. And, by Sanchez's rough calculation,
now use some 171 million tons of nitrogen as fertilizer every year, much of
which ends up polluting lakes, rivers, streams and even the ocean.
"Fifty-four percent of that is fertilizer?the Haber-Bosch process; 11
percent is atmospheric deposition?the plus side of pollution; 18 percent is
in situ fixation," or nitrogen-fixing cover crops, like legumes, Sanchez
And it's not like so-called organic agriculture is helping with that:
Nitrate leaching into waterways can come from manure, as in the Netherlands
or overuse of fertilizer, as in Iowa. The result is the same: dead
So how can agriculture be intensified to feed a growing population while
addressing environmental concerns? Simply put, yields on existing lands must
That's what Norman
his colleagues achieved in the 1960s and 1970s with the Green
that staved off famine for millions. Yet, "there can be no permanent
progress in the battle against hunger until the agencies that fight for
increased food production and those that fight for population control unite
in a common effort," Borlaug said in his acceptance speech for the Nobel
Peace Prize in 1970.
"[Man] is using his powers for increasing the rate and amount of food
production. But he is not yet using adequately his potential for decreasing
the rate of human reproduction. The result is that the rate of population
increase exceeds the rate of increase in food production in some areas."
That demographic contradiction is nowhere more true than in many countries
of sub-Saharan Africa, where a population of 800 million must subsist on
local yields of one ton per hectare?one third of yields in the rest of the
developing world and one ninth those of the U.S., Europe, Australia and
other parts of the developed world. Yet, "we already grow enough food to
feed the world, we've been doing that for decades," noted ecologist
Catherine Badgley of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor (U.M.), who led
a study assessing whether organic agriculture practices alone might
adequately meet global nutritional
"We need to address accessibility."
Global markets for food, however, spectacularly failed in 2008 as countries
shut down exports in the face of rising grain prices. "International food
markets are deeply wounded and faith in them has collapsed. Global
institutions failed to keep food moving," Sachs said. Add to that the
looming specter of growing crops for
which reduce available land for food, feed and fiber production, he said:
"Biofuel is going to be an unmitigated disaster, that's as true in an
African village as it is in Iowa." Norman
in a warning he had issued in the 1980s to agricultural economist
Mark E. Downing of Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
Genetically modified varieties?currently illegal in most of Africa,
according to political scientist Robert Paarlberg of Wellesley College?might
boost yields. Such biotechnology is "critical for achieving the ecological
intensification required to meet human food demand on a global scale,"
argues agronomist Ken
the University of Nebraska?Lincoln. At the same time, genetic
modification is not a panacea, despite claims for drought tolerance and the
like from companies such as Monsanto. "Anything you do to reduce the water
that plants transpire will reduce yield," he added.
Perhaps, fortunately, there is still a lot of room for improvement by more
conventional means: the targeted application of fertilizer and the like. The
Earth Institute's Millennium Village of Sauri in Kenya has tripled yields
even in the face of a crippling drought gripping the region, and Malawi
doubled yieldsthrough
fertilizer subsidies in just four years. "If we want to increase
production, it's better to have small to medium-size farms," argued U.M.
ecologist Ivette Perfecto. "Precision agriculture is already done by [such]
At the same time, the collapse of agriculture in the "bread basket" of
eastern Europe, such as Ukraine, leaves room to "triple food production in
that region pretty easily," IonE's Foley said.
And, ultimately, a little change in diet might do a world of good. Global
demand for beef is an inefficient way to get protein, possibly
and a major driver of deforestation and greenhouse gas
"Beef is costly per kilogram ingested of both mass and protein but also
probably unhealthy," Sachs said. "We should not take dietary choices as a
given but rather as something that needs to be evaluated," at least if we
want a fighting chance to avoid the grim fate Thomas Malthus predicted.
"Sustainability is still an unsolved problem, it is the same problem Malthus
identified about 200 years ago," Sachs added. "How we feed the planet, slow
population growth,
and thereby raise living standards is still an open question."
*Editor's Note: We used Twitter to cover the conference live. Follow me @
dbiello  or us @ sciam.
And thanks to Jon Foley, whose presentation headline, "Another Inconvenient
Truth," I have borrowed.*

@_date: 2009-10-07 13:57:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American on the coming Malthusian 
Things like localism and P2P do not hold good reputations for productivity.
Therefore, few of these conventional theorists are motivated to see it as a
viable contribution to conventional development problems.
It isn't clear that outputs from small farms, small manufacturing, etc. can
give the world what it needs.  On the other hand, P2P people tend to be
against strong, heavy-handed social regulations such as mandatory birth
control.  One therefore tends to see the prospect of outputs not meeting
demands if our little movement becomes increasingly meaningful.  Now you can
disagree with some of that (and I'm sure you will), but here is the question
regardless...(and as an open question anyone else is welcome to scoop it...)
Who and how should do the world forecast implications of P2P policies?  That
is, how should we assess the productivity span of a P2P commons and their
impacts?  If it only works for some, but disadvantages others, does that
play?  How should such issues be reviewed and adjudicated across large
Here's what seems lacking:  There is no concrete set of policy linkages from
P2P scale implementation strategies and larger social demands and costs.  We
talk about grass roots in P2P, but we never seem to get around to top down
analysis.  Do we simply abandon the global and national if P2P systems take
broad hold?

@_date: 2009-10-07 15:17:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Charter Cities 
It does create the prospect of P2P trials in the small.  If people think
they can grow the commons and commons-like institutions as core social
vehicles, a charter city would be the place to try it.

@_date: 2009-10-07 16:19:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 1/3 of US parents oppose Swine Flu Vaccine 
It seems the anti-vaccine movement is getting a little stronger...

@_date: 2009-10-07 21:04:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Inflamed passions -- Why do vaccines trigger 
You'll have to remind me what vaccinations have to do with AIDS in Africa.
I was under the impression that sex caused it to spread and that eating the
meat of primates was a probable cause.
On Wed, Oct 7, 2009 at 8:34 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-10-08 13:04:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the most important article of the year so far ... 
Michel,
Thanks for sending Gopal Balakrishnan's paper.  It broke up a dull day for
As an initial aside, I wish I had a dime for every time I've seen Martin
Wolf's "Seeds of its own Destruction" article cited left and right.  That
little column sure had legs.
Positives About Balakrishnan's Article:
1. It was magisterial in scope.
2. It followed traditional New Left themes and language in a way that was
easily understood and consistent with others
3. It pointed to real, if nebulous, outcomes to expect.
4. It laid out a convincing explanation for why a number of bogeymen (fiat
currencies, huge debts, failure to materialize technological solutions,
failure of green solutions, etc.) will lead to this "gray" world.
1. I think vast themes were ignored.  First, I think he left out
demographics almost completely.  I read today where the average child born
in a US hospital today can expect to live to 100.  The average.
2. I think he underplays Japan and focuses on the US when Japan actually far
more illustrates his own points.
3. I do not believe he compelling theorizes a decline of China due to a lack
of consumers.  I doubt seriously it will go that way.  China can turn inward
(as it has many times in past) to build a Xanadu consumer wonderland.
4. I think the End of History metaphor is lost...he needed to show how
Fukuyama's history failed--democracy has been overtaken by neo-liberal
technocrats and therefore has become an underground movement--a la P2P.
These are not "dispersed agents of opposition, but technologically empowered
persons who need no organization--no parties, etc. which he feels are
Overall, I found him to be technologically naive--not in that he was not a
technophile--but rather in that he didn't see the enabling powers of
emerging technologies to sweep aside the sort of 20th century
organization (unions, left parties, etc.) he seems to crave.
That is a minor critique to a good paper on what seems to be a slower spin
to the current world of capitalism or neo-liberalism as it attempts to
de-lever.  What is profoundly difficult about such a paper is the need
to explain all.  I think that is where Marxian ideas come up short.  In
fact, they are too magisterial.  The world now is nano-fragments.  It cannot
be synthesized easily or well.
I myself have speculated somewhat formally in the last two days that the US
is headed for a second civil war...a war of small interests against
institutions that have betrayed the public trust.  In short, a new
democratic revolution against the conventional republic which has become
torpid, corrupt and self-serving.  I see such a fight brewing now in the
increasingly dysfunctional political dialogue.  That sort of Apache-like
sniping...a technical P2P war against the institutions, seems much more
plausible to me than the slow spinning death GB theorizes.
Your waves are interesting and I look forward to your formal expositions,
but I feel, frankly, that they are like a sort of Aristotelian set of
complexities for what may be a much more simple set of occurrences.  That
is, I feel they may be bent to fit the reality rather than descriptive of
it.  As an illustration, I can see where it is useful.  For now, I
personally remain unconvinced Kondratieff is a real phenomenon rather than a
descriptive apparatus.  I will study more to see if I can convince myself
otherwise.  In general, I am skeptical of thematic, Newtonian, mechanistic
futurism.  It would be interesting to be convinced otherwise (not your duty
but mine).
Thanks for sending along the article.

@_date: 2009-10-08 20:38:41
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How effective is the flu shot? [Greg Laden's Blog] 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: How effective is the flu shot?
[Greg Laden's Blog] via ScienceBlogs : Combined Feed by Greg Laden
none at example.com on 10/8/09
There are several answers to this question. One was overheard the other
day among a bunch of well educated people oriented towards science who
were taking a break from their job.
Person 1: "So, how effective is the seasonal flu shot?"
Person 2: "I heard about 1%. If you get the flu shot, you'll have a 1%
difference in if you get the flu."
Person 3: "That's crazy. I don't know where you are getting your data
from. It can't be 1%, but I admit I don't know what the actual answer
is, but it can't be that."
Persons 4 through 6: "Well, if YOU don't know, and HE says 1%, I'm
going with the 1%. Too much trouble to get a flu shot anyway."
Person 3: "Wait, wait! That's crazy! That makes no sense!" as persons
1, 2, 4, 5 and 6 are filing out of the break room to go back to
work. "You can't leave thinking that 1% is correct! It can't be
Person 5: [Over her shoulder on the way out the door.] "Hey, why don't
you go ask your husband. He's a Scienceblogger, right?"
Read the rest of this post... | Read the comments on this post...
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to ScienceBlogs : Combined Feed using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-08 20:53:43
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Everything: A Global Conversation about the Art, 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Open Everything: A Global
Conversation about the Art, Science, and Spirit of ?Open? via
Open.Michigan Blog by Susan Topol on 10/8/09
Please join us on October 30th for Open Everything: Ann Arbor. We are
one of several locations hosting this worldwide event, during which
participants take part in a global conversation about the art, science
and spirit of ?open?. Open Everything gathers people using openness to
create and improve software, education, government, media,
philanthropy, architecture, food systems, workplaces and the society we
live in. It?s about thinking, doing, and being open.
Hosted by the Open.Michigan Initiative, Ann Arbor?s event will provide
an evening of discussions around the ways that openness, collaboration,
and participation are unfolding in our area and relate to the
businesses, organizations, and networks we are a part of.
Representatives from the Creative Commons, University of Michigan
Copyright Office, Scholarly Publishing Office, a2Geeks and other local
activists and entrepreneurs will be among the many individuals helping
to launch this event. It?s an opportunity to connect with people who
value openness?a chance to collaborate with the people involved in or
creating projects and initiatives that are charting the trajectory of
open here in Ann Arbor and beyond.
If you value transparency, openness, access to information, strong
communities, and sharing and have project ideas or other examples of
where this ?open? ethos exists in our community, we look forward seeing
you here!
Event Details:
Time: 5:30 - 9:00pm (registration and casual conversation begins at
Location: U-M East Hall - 530 Church Street, Ann Arbor, MI. (3rd floor
terrace of Psychology Dept.)
Refreshments: Light refreshments and cold drinks available throughout
the evening.
To RSVP, or for More Information:
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Open.Michigan Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-09 09:44:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How effective is the flu shot? [Greg Laden's 
Hi Paul:
While I think the vaccine is much safer than Vitamin D, I actually am a huge
Vit-D advocate and I believe the emerging science suggests it is a
prophylactic against flu.  I think you stretch Greg's position a little
far.  I think he is overly combative.  But in the US context (which you well
know) to overcome the absurd folks, you need to be blunt.  Rhetoric has
become ugly.
For what it is worth, I totally agree that 6000-8000 IU of liqui-form Vit D3
a day is a good defense from flu for most adults.  Nearly all of the world's
people who do not live out of doors are D deficient by recent studies...some
of which you have noted.  I agree.
I have been taking large quantities of D3 for well over 2 years along with
fish oil and a number of other heart/diabetic supplements.  I am a great
believer--and by the way, I would say this position is less standard than
the anti-vaccine one--but it is more science based IMHO.
On Thu, Oct 8, 2009 at 8:36 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-10-09 13:15:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How effective is the flu shot? (vitamin D) 
No one yet has a theory as to why Vit D works on flu.  Of course it most
likely is something to do with calcium channels in cells, but we don't know
how or why yet.  It is widely understood it has major influence on heart
disease, breast cancer, bowel cancer, bone density, and several other
cancers.  It has emerged as sort of the "real" vitamin C...which was hyped
for a decade based on Linus Pauling's early understanding of anti-oxidants
and their implications.  C is good too, but has nowhere near the health
benefits of Vitamin D3 which if regularly supplemented would probably cut
national health costs by 20% (and that number is widely circulated and
discussed--some say as high as 25%).  D3 is not an anti-oxidant, but rather
is really best described as a hormone.
Indeed I would go so far as to say that if an adult did no other thing to
aid their health, the science suggests that taking 4000-8000 IU of gelcap
(not solid) Vitamin D3 ...not D2, is about the best thing you can do for
yourself and it will cost less than 1/4 of a US dollar a day.
The blogs I read on this include Animal Pharma, hyperlipid and few others if
you have any interest.  Anyone interested in diabetes, Omega 3s, low carb,
high saturated fat diets (especially plant based)...I'm the guy.  Email me
on the side.  I am very current with what multiple sides are saying on these
topics and there are some wonderful wonderful blogs.
On Fri, Oct 9, 2009 at 11:35 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-10-09 14:11:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Friday Trivia -- World's most notable living 
Many if not most informed experts would consider this person the greatest
living physicist.  The person is arguably the greatest living mathematician
as well based on their peer influences.
A widely published person, and an American, got their undergraduate degree
in history.  They studied a term in graduate economics before dropping out
(due to boredom) and then starting in theoretical physics as a graduate
student after considering a a career as a political journalist also working
briefly on the campaign of left presidential candidate George McGovern.
Who is it?

@_date: 2009-10-10 13:26:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Vitamin D and health (skin color issues) 
There is no doubt about what you write.  Some have even speculated it
completely explains statistical analyses that show, ceteris paribus, that
people of African descent in the US are more unhealthy than their peers by
income, education, etc.  It may well be Vit D deficiency.
On Fri, Oct 9, 2009 at 9:44 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-10-11 08:57:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
I agree with you totally on this, Michel.  I work 60-70 hours a week..am
paid for 37.5 out of which I work maybe 20.  Then I work on a PhD.  I am not
seeking more liesure or even more pay.  I am seeking less stress, greater
relevance, and more meaningful interactions.  Work is fun.

@_date: 2009-10-11 14:16:19
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Manufacture Goods, Not Needs 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Manufacture Goods, Not Needs
via E. F. Schumacher Society Blog by E. F. Schumacher Society on
As part of his vision for diverse regional economies, E. F. Schumacher
advocated for production and manufacturing from local resources for
needs. ?It is not a question of choosing between modern growth and
traditional stagnation,? Schumacher advised, but rather ?of finding the
right path of development, the Middle Way between materialist
and traditionalist immobility?? More than ever before, the current
crisis implores us to identify contemporary articulations that support
Schumacher?s Buddhist Economics and tools and vehicles for its
Distinguished author and senior fellow at Demos (
Barber provides one such articulation, by first offering an incisive
portrayal of global capitalism at its worst. It?s what he calls ?push
capitalism?: manufacturing needs for the goods we?re producing ? a
disastrously far cry from producing useful goods to meet real human
Barber explains in his 2007 book, ?Consumed: How Markets Corrupt
Infantilize Adults, and Swallow Citizens Whole,? that capitalism ?seems
quite literally to be consuming itself, leaving democracy in peril and
fate of citizens uncertain.? In it he offers a vivid critique of the
market?s fabrication of needs and its branding and commercialization of
about everything.
Nevertheless, Mr. Barber encourages idealism as the new realism and
to possibilities for liberating ourselves from the ?civic schizophrenia?
brought about by the modern age of consumerism. He points to various
of resistance: consumer boycotts, renewed funding for the arts,
micro-lending, and the corporate responsibility movement. He challenges
business to earn profits through creative innovation that serves
instead of
endangers. Most urgently however, Mr. Barber encourages us to take
responsibility for our role in economic exchange, and calls for deep
in our cultural and civic lives:
?The struggle for the soul of capitalism is?a struggle between the
economic body and its civic soul: a struggle to put capitalism in its
place, where it serves our nature and needs rather than manipulating and
fabricating whims and wants. Saving capitalism means bringing it into
harmony with spirit--with prudence, pluralism and those "things of the
public" (res publica) that define our civic souls. A revolution of the
spirit. ? (The Nation, 2009)
Benjamin R. Barber is a Senior Fellow at Demos ( as well
president and director of the international NGO CivWorld at Demos, and
annual Interdependence Day event. An internationally renowned political
theorist, Dr. Barber brings an abiding concern for democracy and
to issues of politics, culture and education in America and abroad. He
consults regularly with political and civic leaders in the United
States and
around the world.
Benjamin Barber's 17 books include the classic Strong Democracy (1984);
recent international best-seller Jihad vs. McWorld (1995 with a Post
Edition in 2001) and Consumed: How Markets Corrupt Children, Infantilize
Adults, and Swallow Citizens Whole, published by W.W. Norton & Co. in
Please join us on Saturday, October 17th in welcoming Benjamin Barber
at the
29th Annual E. F. Schumacher Lectures. He will be joined by speakers
McKibben and Alisa Gravitz. The location is the First Congregational
of Stockbridge, Massachusetts. Tickets are 25 BerkShares/Dollars (15 for
members of the E. F. Schumacher Society, seniors, and students). We
recommend registering in advance.
For more information on the event or to pre-register please visit:
Email: efssociety at smallisbeautiful.org
Or call (413) 528-1737.
Best Wishes,
Susan Witt, Sarah Hearn, Stefan Apse, Kate Poole, and Jasmine Stine
Staff of the E. F. Schumacher Society
140 Jug End Road
Great Barrington, MA 01230
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to E. F. Schumacher Society Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-11 19:21:34
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Guest Post:  The OTHER Economic Crisis? 
The demographic crisis...shocking.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Guest Post: The OTHER Economic
Crisis? via naked capitalism by George Washington on 10/11/09
By George Washington of Washington?s Blog.
You know all about the subprime, alt-a, option arm, and commercial real
estate crises.
You?re well-aware of the house of cards built with credit default
swaps, securitized assets and other exotic investments.
You?ve heard about the massive debt overhang threatening individuals,
companies and the country as a whole, and the massive de-leveraging
which is still to occur.
You?re aware of the soaring unemployment rate, the tapped out consumer,
and many other economic problems.
But do you know about the demographic crisis?
What Demographic Crisis?
Franco Modigliani won the Nobel Prize in Economics 1985, partly for his
?life cycle hypothesis?, which states that spending and savings
patterns are predictable and largely a function of age demographics. In
other words, Modigliani?s hypothesis is basically that age demographics
largely determine the health and robustness of an economy.
Harry Dent and other financial advisors who have examined American
demographics say that we?re in big trouble.
Specifically, they say that the basic health of any country?s economy
is largely driven by the number of its citizens who are in their peak
spending years.
For example, the peak Japanese spending range has been estimated to be
comprised of 39-43 year olds. The more 39-43 year olds Japan has at any
given time, the more consumer spending there will be, as these are the
folks who are the big spenders in Japan. Dent argues that the Japanese
economy will tend to grow when the number of 39-43 year olds grows, and
to shrink when it shrinks.
Dent says that this principle applies to all countries, although the
peak spending years might vary slightly from country to country.
In the U.S., Dent says, 46-50 year olds are the biggest spenders,
because that is when ? on average ? they are paying for their kids?
college, paying mortgage on the biggest house they will own during
their life, and making other big-ticket purchases.
Claus Vogt agrees, saying that ? all other things being equal ? the
country with the youngest population will experience the biggest growth
in the future, as it will have the highest percentage of productive
people in the days ahead (Modigliani?s age categories are somewhat
different from Dent?s and Vogt?s, but ? in general ? people are having
children later than they were in 1985).
Whether or not you believe Modigliani , Dent and Vogt, it should be
obvious that countries with a large percentage of elderly people and a
small proportion of productive workers will have less productive output
and a larger demand for social services than those with a higher
percentage of workers. It should also be obvious that this will tend to
drag down the economy.
Which Countries Have the Most Favorable Demographics?
Which countries have the best demographics?
Let?s start by looking at the ?age pyramid? for the United States. The
following 2 charts from the National Institutes of Health shows that
the population is aging:
This graphic (courtesy of Ed Stephan) shows the U.S. age pyramid from
from 1950 through 2050:
male female Population of the United States, by Age and Sex,
1950-2050 (millions) information source: International Data Base, U.S.
Census Bureau;
supplied pyramids were modified using Canvas, GraphicConverter and
[If you can't see the dates at the bottom of the pyramid, click here].
As NIH notes:
The first of the postwar baby boom cohort, born 1946?1964, will turn 55
years in 2001. In just three decades, an extraordinary change in the
age structure of the United States is anticipated. By 2030, one in five
persons (20% of the U.S. population) will be aged 65 or older,
increasing from the present ratio of one in nine persons (12.8%). The
number of persons in the 65 and older age group will more than double,
increasing from the current 34 million persons to 70 million persons.
Moreover, within the older segment of the population, because of longer
life expectancy and additional persons reaching older ages, there will
be age shifts resulting in the 85 and older population more than
doubling in size from 4.3 million persons to approximately 8.9 million
An aging U.S. population means less productive workers, less
big-spending consumers, and more dependent elders.
Here?s China:
As Reuters points out, China will have an aging population in the
future, but not for some time:
China?s working-age population will peak in 2015 and plunge by 23
percent by 2050.
Brazil has a much younger age demographic.
And India?s is even younger than Brazil?s.
The following chart shows that Japan has the worst demographics of all,
with a staggering percentage of elderly who need to be taken care of by
the young:
Chart 2: Old Age Dependency Ratios for Selected Countries
Source: And this chart shows that ? as a whole ? emerging markets have a higher
percentage of working age population:
Chart 3: Working-Age Population as % of Total Population
Source: You can find some interesting charts showing age pyramids for
multi-country regions here. You can search for other countries or
regions, as well.
What Does It Mean?
What does all this mean?
Well, initially, it means that ? in addition to everything else they
have going for them ? 2 of the BRIC countries (Brazil and India) have
much more favorable demographics than the United States. So they are at
a competitive advantage to America for demographic reasons in addition
to the other reasons that people write about.
Indeed, as Richard Jackson told the White House Conference on Aging in
If demography is destiny, global leadership may pass to the ?Third?
Countries with slowly growing workforces may have slowly growing
We live in an era defined by many challenges, from global warming to
global terrorism.
None is as certain as global aging.
And none is likely to have such a large and enduring effect on the
shape of national economies and the world order.
Moreover, Dent and another of the main writers focusing on the economic
effect of age demographers ? Daniel Arnold ? say that America?s aging
demographics point to a major depression.
2008 was the victim of a self inflicted sub-prime financial crisis.
This has nothing to do with the demographics based massive depression
that is yet to come, as described in the book. The sub-prime
consequences are however very similar though mild so far compared to
what is coming our way. The book clearly spelled out that along the way
unpredictable short-term (1 to 3 years) disruptive events could happen.
The sub-prime crisis is just that. It should be regarded as the ?warmer
upper? or ?hors d?oeuvre? for the big one that is now rapidly closing
in on us all.
I hope that he?s wrong.
See also this and this.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to naked capitalism using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-11 17:21:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] H1N1 Mostly hospitalizes the younger...2-17 y.o.s 
Hi Paul,
Just to be clear, I post things on the topics discussed.  It doesn't at all
mean I agree with them.  I am always happy to state my position if I have
one, but I do want to say that posting something is meant as a feed for
discussion since I spend a great deal of time on blogs.  It never means I
agree implicitly.  Not that you are saying that...but I do want to be clear.
I trust there are many things we could agree on.
On Sun, Oct 11, 2009 at 4:24 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-10-12 10:07:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Elinor Ostrom, theorist of the commons, 
"Elinor Ostrom has challenged the conventional wisdom that common property
is poorly managed and should be either regulated by central authorities or
privatized," the academy said. "Based on numerous studies of user-managed
fish stocks, pastures, woods, lakes, and groundwater basins, Ostrom
concludes that the outcomes are, more often than not, better than predicted
by standard theories."
Stan, I know is a big fan.  I have been as well, particularly of her
research on trust.

@_date: 2009-10-12 21:29:41
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Linear actuators without shafting -- issue in 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Linear actuators without
shafting via MAKE Magazine by Sean Michael Ragan on 10/12/09
A major obstacle standing in the way of total self-replication by rapid
prototyping machines, notably RepRap, is that certain of the
components, particularly ground shafting (or threaded rod) for the
Cartesian robot's linear actuators, require greater precision than the
machines are currently capable of. Thingiverse user fdavies is engaged
in a noble effort to design printable linear actuators that require no
shafting and are instead based on the hinged Sarrus linkage
(Wikipedia). Excelsior!
Read more | Permalink | Comments | Read more articles in 3D printing |
Digg this!
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to MAKE Magazine using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-13 12:56:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Community Wealth Building Org 
*[image: Community]Welcome!*Our goal is to provide you with the web's most
comprehensive and up-to-date information resource on state-of-the-art
strategies for democratic, community-based economic development.
The resources offered here include
breaking news,
publications ,
and conference
information , as
well as cutting-edge initiatives from
community development
employee-owned firms,
land trusts,
non-profit organizations,
co-ops ,
and much more.
Learn more about our vision and mission

@_date: 2009-10-13 19:01:34
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FreeCAD open source design software 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: FreeCAD open source design
software via MAKE Magazine by Gareth Branwyn on 10/13/09
I don't do CAD or 3D printing, but this software at least looks
promising from my armchair. It's an open source CAD/CAE app based on
OpenCasCade, QT, and Python. It offers features like macro recording,
the ability to run as a server and dynamically load application
extensions, and it runs on Windows, Linux, and Mac. One of the many
cool features it offers is 100% scriptable objects in Python:
Besides the standard object types such as annotations, meshes and parts
objects, FreeCAD also offers the amazing possibility to build 100%
python-scripted objects, called Python Features. Those objects will
behave exactly as any other FreeCAD object, can be saved in a document
and opened on any other installation of FreeCAD, since the python code
that defines the object is also saved in the document.
The project is still in alpha. The only official builds are in Windows
and 32-bit Debian Linux, but you can download (from their SourceForge
site) unofficial builds for AMD-based 64-bit Debian/Ubuntu, openSUSE.
and Intel Mac OS X.
Read more | Permalink | Comments | Read more articles in Open source
hardware | Digg this!
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to MAKE Magazine using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-13 20:16:01
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] All Money is Fantasy 
Jamais Cascio and Stow Boyd on "all money is fantasy."
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: All Money is Fantasy via Open
the Future by Jamais Cascio on 10/13/09
My friend Stowe Boyd, consultant and provocateur, interviewed me
recently for his Future of Money project. The video of that interview
is now available at Stowe's blog, /Message.
It's a good conversation, although I clearly haven't learned the
blogger video conversation practice of simply talking over the person
I'm conversing with. I'm far too polite.
I start with the observation that all money is fantasy. I laugh/sigh
when I see "gold bugs" going on and on about how money should be tied
to gold, because gold has "real value." The only intrinsic value that
gold has relates to how we can use it (in electronics, mostly, or as
meal garnish); its utility as money is just as imaginary, just
as "fiat," as post-Bretton Woods currency. It's a mutually-agreed upon
fantasy. A "consensual hallucination," to steal from Gibson.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Open the Future using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-14 07:52:14
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Organizational Discourse CALL for PAPERS 
Apologies for cross-posting ? please forward to interested colleagues**
*CALL for PAPERS*
9th International Conference on Organizational Discourse: Crises,
Corruption, Character and Change
*Amsterdam, Wednesday 14th July-Friday 16th July, 2010*
Conference Theme
Contemporary organizing is confronted by seemingly endless ?crises? which
are routinely projected through apocalyptic metaphor. Over coffee, we can
skip-read through today?s ?ecological catastrophe?, the ?global financial
meltdown? and ?the collapse of capitalism? before ?getting down to work?.
All of which suggests that the distance between our discursive projections
of the future and our inability to confront those possibilities has,
perhaps, never been greater. In the post-whatever world we now inhabit, all
appears to be simultaneously terminal and ? bizarrely ? transient.
Hence, the theme for the 9th Conference has a narrative focus on the
discursive construction and re-construction of *crises,* *character,
corruption and change*. At the meta-level, the conference theme is intended
to elicit papers which address the discursive construction and
re-construction of ?crises?. In our view, linguistic framing is a
fundamental aspect of how ?crises? are being manufactured, constituted,
projected, perceived and addressed (or finessed) at all levels of
Perhaps most problematic is how we have depicted the *character* of these
various crises for their technical and global complexity invariably
engenders over-simplified description. In parallel, we appear to be
experiencing a persistent growth in *corruption* as manifest in the
prevalence of institutional practices which directly undermined the presumed
core processes of organizations and in our accounts of such seemingly
corrupt behaviour which privilege rhetorical dissimulation. These issues
raise further questions regarding the problems of continuity and the scope
for *change*. What is the role for, and status of, discourse(s) in relation
to change (or non-change). How does discourse shape ?character-formation?
and possible responses to crises and corruption?
The submission date is *15th January 2010*. Notification of
acceptance of papers will be given by *5th March 2010. *
Abstracts (1000 words max) should be sent as an email
attachment (saved as a Word document or a text file) to
*Tom Keenoy and Cliff Oswick *at: Discourse09 at cardiff.ac.uk
For full details see conference web page:

@_date: 2009-10-14 08:10:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] All Money is Fantasy 
It would be an interesting futurism exercise for our blog if someone tackled
the idea of the Nobel Prize in Economics...when and how post-scarcity or
even post-Bretton Woods ideas would come into being...and when such
ideas would be recognized.  Winners?

@_date: 2009-10-14 09:54:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Concept for a Giving Reward System for a Commons 
A person twitters something to a list (or equiv) that has  subscribers.
Subscribers can then acknowledge by awarding points.
Awards are given based on the perceived value of a gift to a commons.
Question: How does one get points to award?
Question: How does one use points?
Question: What is the difference between points and reputation?
Question: Is there a way to convert other currencies including national cash
money tokens to points?
Question: What is the benefit of points being not scarce?  Scarce?
Question: Who loses with such a system?

@_date: 2009-10-14 10:04:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Concept for a Giving Reward System for a Commons 
I call this, in general, capturing the commons.  It as if a utility becomes
a shareholder focused company rather than a public service.  We do not have
a sophisticated theory describing this phenomenon (if we did I'd guess
Elinor Ostrom would have been involved) and we do not have sophisticated
defenses against the phenomenon.

@_date: 2009-10-14 17:24:44
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The State of Solid State Hard Drives 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The State of Solid State Hard
Drives via Coding Horror by Jeff Atwood on 10/14/09
I've seen a lot of people play The Computer Performance Shell Game
poorly. They overinvest in a fancy CPU, while pairing it with limited
memory, a plain jane hard drive, or a generic video card. For most
users, that fire-breathing quad-core CPU is sitting around twiddling
its virtual thumbs most of the time. Computer performance is typically
limited by the slowest part in your system. You'd get better overall
performance by building a balanced system and removing bottlenecks.
One of those key bottlenecks -- and in my experience, the one typical
users are most likely to underestimate -- is the hard drive. I've been
a long time advocate of having a small, fast 10,000 RPM boot drive for
your OS and key applications, and a larger, slower secondary drive for
storage. The two drive approach is a smart strategy, regardless of your
Hard drives may not be particularly sexy bits of hardware, but we're on
the verge of a major transition point in storage hardware -- from
physical, magnetic platters to solid state memory. I was an early solid
state (SSD) drive adopter with my last laptop purchase, and it was a
profound disappointment. Those first and second generation SSD drives
turned out to be slower than their magentic equivalents, despite the
eager promises of vendors. On top of that, they were incredibly
expensive, and of limited capacity. Running Windows Vista on an early
32 gigabyte SSD was an exercise in pain and frustration on so many
levels. What's not to love? A lot.
I eventually sold that SSD and replaced it with a traditional hard
drive. I had grown deeply disillusioned with SSD drives. That is, until
I read Linus Torvalds' report on the Intel X-25 SSD:
I can't recall the last time that a new tech toy I got made such a
dramatic difference in performance and just plain usability of a
machine of mine.
The whole thing just rocks. Everything performs well. You can put that
disk in a machine, and suddenly you almost don't even need to care
whether things were in your page cache or not. Firefox starts up pretty
much as snappily in the cold-cache case as it does hot-cache. You can
do package installation and big untars, and you don't even notice it,
because your desktop doesn't get laggy or anything.
So here's the deal: right now, don't buy any other SSD than the Intel
ones, because as far as I can tell, all the other ones are pretty much
inferior to the much cheaper traditional disks, unless you never do any
writes at all (and turn off 'atime', for that matter).
At that moment, SSD drives came of age. And by that I mean, they began
to justify their hefty price premium at last. But that was almost a
year ago, and even the Intel drives -- as great as they were -- had
some teething problems. Not to mention that price and capacity were
still ongoing concerns.
But when Intel introduced the second generation, mainstream X25-M
drives, that's when I knew SSDs were poised to go mainstream. Now,
those drives are still anything but cheap, at $289 for 80 GB and $609
for 160 GB. But they offer more performance than the original X25-E
that Linus reviewed, at about half the price, with hardware fixes to
address the fragmentation issue that plagued the original model.
Intel was the only game in town for about a year, but fortunately for
us consumers, the competition finally caught up. The new Indilinx
controller models, such as this Crucial 128 GB SSD, are just as fast as
the X25-M. And, best of all, they're cheaper, while also offering a
not-insubstantial bump to 128 GB of storage!
I picked this model up for $325 plus tax and shipping. And, frankly, I
was blown away by the performance difference compared to the 300 GB
Velociraptor I had in my system before. That drive is not exactly
chopped liver; it's incredibly fast by magnetic platter drive
standards. But it's beyond slow next to the latest SSDs. See for
This is just an excerpt, browse the reviews for more detail, but I was
astonished how often this drive (based on the Indilinx Barefoot
controller) topped the charts. Suffice it to say, the performance
increase is not subtle. All those little pauses while your system pulls
some chunk of data off the hard drive? They simply cease to exist.
How much do I like this drive? I like it so very much I bought one for
every member of the Stack Overflow team, as a small gesture of thanks
for enduring new feature crunch mode. I couldn't sell my old
Velociraptor on eBay fast enough.
In my humble opinion, $200 - $300 for a SSD is easily the most cost
effective performance increase you can buy for a computer of anything
remotely resembling recent vintage. Whether you prefer the 80 GB X25-M
SSD or the 128 GB Crucial SSD, it's money well invested for people like
us who are obsessive about how their computer performs.
Trust me, you will feel the performance difference of a modern SSD in
day to day computing. That's far more than I can say for most of
today's CPU and memory upgrades. The transition from magnetic storage
to solid state storage is nothing less than a breakthrough. It's
already transformative; I can only imagine how fast, cheap, and large
these drives are going to be in a few years. So, if you've ever
wondered what performance would be like if everything was in RAM all
the time -- well, we just got one giant step closer to that.
[advertisement] JIRA 4 - Simplify issue tracking for everyone involved.
Get started from $10 for 10 users.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Coding Horror using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-16 22:46:06
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Tragedy of the Commons, R.I.P. 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Tragedy of the Commons, R.I.P.
via Worldchanging: Bright Green by Jay Walljasper on 10/16/09
Elinor Ostrom?s Nobel Prize for Economics Disarms Those Who Say a
Common-based Society is Impossible.
The biggest roadblock standing in the way of many people?s recognition
of the importance of the commons-- the things we share together like
the environment and the internet-- came tumbling down this week when
Indiana University professor Elinor Ostrom won the Nobel Prize for
Over many decades Ostrom has documented how various communities manage
common resources ? grazing lands, forests, irrigation waters,
fisheries? equitably and sustainably over the long term. The Nobel
Committee?s recognition of her work effectively debunks popular
theories about the Tragedy of the Commons, which hold that private
property is the only effective method to prevent finite resources from
being ruined or depleted.
Awarding the world?s most prestigious economics prize to a scholar who
champions cooperative behavior greatly boosts the legitimacy of the
commons as a framework for solving our social and environmental
problems. Ostrom?s work also challenges the current economic orthodoxy
that there are few, if any, alternatives to privatization
and markets in generating wealth and human well being.
The Tragedy of the Commons refers to a scenario in which commonly held
land is inevitably degraded because everyone in a community is allowed
to graze livestock there. This parable was popularized by wildlife
biologist Garrett Hardin in the late 1960s, and was embraced as a
principle by the emerging environmental movement. But Ostrom?s research
refutes this abstract concept once-and-for-all with the real
life experience from places like Nepal, Kenya and Guatemala.
?When local users of a forest have a long-term perspective, they are
more likely to monitor each other?s use of the land, developing rules
for behavior,? she cites as an example. ?It is an area that standard
market theory does not touch.?
(Garrett Hardin himself later revised his own view, noting that what he
described was actually the Tragedy of the Unmanaged Commons.)
Columbia University economist Joseph Stiglitz, also winner of a Nobel
prize, comments, ?Conservatives used the Tragedy of the Commons to
argue for property rights, and efficiency was achieved as people were
thrown off the commons?.What Ostrom has demonstrated is the existence
of social control mechanisms that regulate the use of the commons
without having to resort to property rights.?
The Nobel Committee?s choice of Ostrom is significant considering that
many winners of the prize since it was initiated in 1968 have been
zealous advocates of unrestricted markets, such as Milton Friedman,
whose selection helped fuel the rise of market theory as the be-all
end-all of economics since the 1980s. Policies based upon this narrow
worldview sparked the rise of corporate power and the diminishment of
government?s role in protecting the commons.
While right-wing thinkers scoffed at the possibility of resources being
shared in a way that maintains the common good, arguing that private
property is the only practical strategy to prevent this tragedy,
Ostrom?s scholarship shows otherwise.
?What we have ignored is what citizens can do and the importance of
real involvement of the people involved,? she explains.
A classic example of this are the acequias, a centuries-old tradition
of cooperative irrigation systems in New Mexico and Colorado where the
small flow of water available for agriculture is allocated by the
community as a whole through a democratic process.
Ostrom is the first woman to be awarded the Economics prize, which some
observers say helps explain her emphasis on the role of people?s
relationships in our economic arrangements rather than the focus on
individualized market choices expounded by many male winners of the
Equally noteworthy is the fact that Ostrom was not trained as an
economist, but as a political scientist?a factor that may be even more
useful in explaining her outside-the-box approach to economics.
Yale economist Robert Schiller, quoted in the New York Times, welcomed
the merging of the two fields. ?Economics has become too isolated and
stuck on the view that markets are efficient and self-regulating. It
has derailed our thinking.?
Elinor Ostrom has always been explicit in recognizing the importance of
the commons?she helped found the International Association for the
Study of the Commons, also based at Indiana University?and her
selection as a Nobel Laureate marks an early milestone in the emergence
of a commons-based society. Her works shows that our social,
environmental and personal advancement depends on the vitality of the
commons as well as the market in our lives.
This piece originally appeared in On the Commons.
Help us change the world - DONATE NOW!
(Posted by Jay Walljasper in News and Views at 10:58 AM)
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Worldchanging: Bright Green using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-21 08:18:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Anything that causes identification will cause exclusion, elitism and
boundaries.  P2P is an identification.  There is nothing about it that is
inherently new as a political ideology, which it plainly is.
There is no escaping the reality of politics: Power, governance, rules,
decision processes.  Those who wish to avoid those topics, to me, are
What is different about P2P is that it sets values some people can agree
with who find it difficult to agree with other political systems.   There is
nothing new here but the ethos itself.

@_date: 2009-10-22 16:40:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Hi Michel:
I am traveling and on a very small keyboard.  I apologize for brevity.
Athina interprets me just right I think...there is always ideology.  There
is no such thing as an anti-ideology or ideology free identity.
Inother words, if one has an ethos, one must differentiate and exclude.  The
commons is a power.  It may be a tolerant power, but it is nevertheless a
force that makes rules, excludes, decides.  It must be constituted so as to
be confronted, challenged and accepted.
And to identify with P2P is a political ideology.  It disallows certain
norms, and encourages others.  The key to any political ethos is to achieve
means of operations that advance, preserve and protect the ideals of those
who hold that ethos.
Going back to what I wrote some months ago, the normative foundations of P2P
are all important.  It is, in my opinion, folly to avoid discussing what is
entailed in the normative ethos of P2P.  P2P must have clear boundaries for
many reasons.
What is always needed is a manifesto...a constitution.  Politics only work
when the rules are articulated and understood.  Without that one is
discussing techniques and technologies in other defining contexts.
Hope this is clearer.

@_date: 2009-10-22 16:46:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Hi Michel:
Your query is to Athina, but let me say this:  There is the Foundation and
there is the ideology of P2P.  The foundation is an institution in a certain
legal, social and political space.  But then there is a separate discussion
about the political philosophy and political economy of P2P.  It is, to me,
neither communism nor capitalism, as I have written in the blog.  It is a
new way...but its boundaries with those others must be clear and the
commonalities and shared spaces also clear.
That manifesto of what is "p2p" is where we are challenged.

@_date: 2009-10-24 07:29:41
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Hi Michel,
Right.  I suppose my new position is that ethics is politics and politics is
ethics.  Not original or even insightful, but that's my current stand.
I suppose as a P2P leader, someday you should take a crack at a political
weltanschauung for P2P.

@_date: 2009-10-24 07:36:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
There is something that needs to be said about complexity.  P2P is
anti-complex transactions for the increase of utility//value.  I don't have
a mature idea here, but there is something about simplicity / complexiity
that makes P2P different.

@_date: 2009-10-24 07:43:24
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Developing Nations Crippled By 
I agree with the Finns.  It is a human right.  But then again, so is
healthcare, food, freedom of movement, ideas, etc.  Few of those are
accessible for most.
On Fri, Oct 23, 2009 at 8:37 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-10-24 07:48:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
If a financial derivative is a complex transaction, or a big corporation
that lawyers work on for a purchase, that is complexity.   P2P eschews
that.  Its transactions are simple.  Markets are basic.  Transaction costs
are low (Oliver Williamson).

@_date: 2009-10-24 07:59:44
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Yes it is.  But that simplicity is rooted, I suspect, in low or no
transaction costs.  It may be that things like the Creative Commons license
are anti-P2P by instituting too much complexity for certain moral reasons.
A P2P ethos would give guidance on simplicity gains (low transaction costs)
versus moral gains (preventing profit).
What are the root building blocks of P2P?  Is it perhaps low or zero
transaction costs?   Is it minimal expectations of personal gain?  Both?

@_date: 2009-10-24 08:41:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
It sounds remarkably like the writings of Adam Smith.

@_date: 2009-10-24 09:04:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I'd put it this way:
P2P systems attempt to function with minimal centralization and complexity
so as to reduce governance organs, elite associations or exclusive licensing
in favor of personal interactions.  Sharing is prioritized over personal
gain as a basic ethos.  Other basic ethical tenets include avoidance of
exploitation of the environment, labor or commons for self-gain.
P2P frameworks avoid religious, political or cultural norms that do not
specifically advance the interests of the commons.  Where such norms come
into conflict with thhe commons, those who hold to a P2P ethos favor the
commons first and their own belief systems subsequently.
Thus, P2P is inherently social, but it makes no demands on the ethic of the
individual to share by force.  Instead, it seeks to establish strong
normative rules for participation and sharing with minimal use of central
governance or power to achieve normative aims.
I would add that to me that sounds like an unworkable utopian philosophy.

@_date: 2009-10-25 09:03:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walt Whitman on the Commonplace 
*The Commonplace*
*by Walt Whitman
 ------------------------------
The commonplace I sing;
How cheap is health! how cheap nobility!
Abstinence, no falsehood, no gluttony, lust;
The open air I sing, freedom, toleration,
(Take here the mainest lesson--less from books--less from the schools,)
The common day and night--the common earth and waters,
Your farm--your work, trade, occupation,
The democratic wisdom underneath, like solid ground for all.

@_date: 2009-10-25 09:16:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Some essays that should be undertaken:
1. The Role of the Self in P2P Frameworks
2. When is Sharing Unnatural, and is that OK?
3. Where does P2P Break with Post-Modernism?
4. Is Cleverness implicitly Immoral in Human Interactions?  Some Evidence
from P2P Philosophy
5. Is P2P Philosophy Tolerant?
6. Why did Wikipedia Become Elitist on the Production Side...and is this a
Lesson for P2P?
7. Balancing Quality and Participation on the Commons
8. How does Judgment Work in P2P Systems?
9. Where can P2P not Co-Exist with something else?
10. Why is a Wiki not a Book?

@_date: 2009-10-25 09:20:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
It is a great quote.  I wonder Sam about your use of the term human nature.
Is there still human?  Is it distinct from other natures?  Not a
challenge...a thought aloud.  Sooner or later, like actor-network-theory, we
are going to have to admit other things into our networks besides humans.
What that means is still tender moral ground.

@_date: 2009-10-25 09:26:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Does this imply a "fractal" nature of P2P?  How does fractal relate to
emergent.  Emergent seems to disallow analysis to me. Ever fresh seems to be
impossible to appreciate.  Nature has rules.  DNA.  Is there an underlying
P2P rule set?  Or is that necessarily unknowable due to the locally emergent

@_date: 2009-10-25 09:36:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
The world is a pretty puny place.  Imagine contact with 3 or 10 other
civilizations by long-distance comms.  We could have P2P across a galaxy.
Indeed, one would expect it.
But that is still fractal wherein the equations for greater diversity spin

@_date: 2009-10-25 09:50:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
This would be interesting as a finding at a number of levels.  There is, for
example, fractal generating software.  Could one design a system to invent
new P2P designs?  What would be wrong with that thought?  Or would it be
generating sharing arenas?  Something here begs for a link to knowledge
management theory...people like Dave Snowden.
Also, could we uncover the fractal rules for existing P2P systems?
Some fractal rules(?):
1. Governance decisions are made close to the transaction
2. Sharers are the primary innovators, not the systems designers
3. Plans are impossible, but norms are essential
4. For a norm to be broken requires explicit justification
These are obviously not analytical, but just a thought.

@_date: 2009-10-25 10:13:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Historic map of fractal-related topics:
Begs the question, whither P2P?

@_date: 2009-10-25 10:24:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Maia Maia Emission Reduction Currency 
Via a Twine link of Fernanda Ibarra...certainly a leader in gathering
micro-currency info.

@_date: 2009-10-25 17:32:58
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Getting to the Heart of Hyperlocal 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Getting to the Heart of
Hyperlocal via Data Mining: Text Mining, Visualization and Social Media
by Matthew Hurst on 10/23/09
Christopher Wink writes up some interesting thoughts on defining
hyperlocal news:
hyperlocal news (n): information gathering about a
geographically-specific community that is part or was once part of a
broader coverage area or focus.
(to which Max continues to find distraction in the elements composed in
the term - ?hyper? ?local? ?news?). Christopher?s definition is
somewhat limited in that it is relative (and subservient to) all the
other media stuff. As it focuses on the news part, it is constrained to
information gathering (though surely it would include the dissemination
of that information as well). My own thinking on the topic has focused
on the term ?hyperlocal? in general with the following thoughts:
- Allows residents to be better informed about their environment
- Information empowers residents to improve their quality of life
- Technologies enable residents to become better connected
- Communities can become richer, better governing
Thus: Hyperlocal is [data, behaviours, technologies] supporting the
business of being a resident in a community. In other words, I no
longer think of hyperlocal in terms of news alone.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Data Mining: Text Mining, Visualization and Social Media
using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-25 17:35:43
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Rethinking World Income Distribution: Not So Bad? 
Is global poverty overstated?
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Rethinking World Income
Distribution: Not So Bad? via Paul Kedrosky's Infectious Greed by pk on
Some controversial and potentially important findings in a new paper on
a global income distribution changes over the last 40 years:
Parametric Estimations of the World Distribution of Income
Maxim Pinkovskiy, Xavier Sala-i-Martin
We use a parametric method to estimate the income distribution for 191
countries between 1970 and 2006. We estimate the World Distribution of
Income and estimate poverty rates, poverty counts and various measures
of income inequality and welfare. Using the official $1/day line, we
estimate that world poverty rates have fallen by 80% from 0.268 in 1970
to 0.054 in 2006. The corresponding total number of poor has fallen
from 403 million in 1970 to 152 million in 2006. Our estimates of the
global poverty count in 2006 are much smaller than found by other
researchers. We also find similar reductions in poverty if we use other
poverty lines. We find that various measures of global inequality have
declined substantially and measures of global welfare increased by
somewhere between 128% and 145%. We analyze poverty in various regions.
Finally, we show that our results are robust to a battery of
sensitivity tests involving functional forms, data sources for the
largest countries, methods of interpolating and extrapolating missing
data, and dealing with survey misreporting. [Emphasis mine]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Paul Kedrosky's Infectious Greed using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-25 16:15:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walt Whitman on the Commonplace 
Hi Kevin:
Great links...thanks.  I am a longstanding WW fan.  I hate to admit I am a
great Ezra Pound fan too, but I try to look upon his anti-semitism and WW2
views as mental illness.  That's too generous.  I have heard others talk of
Lewis Hyde.  I'll look him up.
Again, thanks!

@_date: 2009-10-25 16:17:41
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Automaping of concepts 
A public version of AutoMap from the CASOS Center at Carnegie Mellon
University is available at
AutoMap is a text mining tool that enables the extraction of network
data from texts. AutoMap can extract three types of information:
content analytic (words and frequencies), semantic networks, and
meta-networks.  AutoMap uses parts of speech tagging and proximity
analysis to do computer-assisted Network Text Analysis (NTA). NTA
encodes the links among words in a text and constructs a network of
the linked words.
New Features in the latest v3.0.1C release include:
Redesigned user interface.  The interface has been streamlined to
provide a more intuitive experience.  Included is a quick-launch area
for commonly used preprocessing commands are available to the user
quickly.  The message window provides user feedback and reminders--
such as where you just stored that file.  All of the commands have
been moved to the menu bar to keep users from having to hunt for what
is available.
Additional features include:
- Ability to deduplicate text files by content.
- Copy files based on filename criteria so as to include the subset of
files you care about.
- Extract web pages from a single source, extracting the text, and
putting all the files into a single directory for processing.
- Extracting text content from Microsoft Word 2003 documents, and
Adobe PDF files.
- Ability to change the text font to any font installed on the
computer, to be able to view any foreign language character set.
Supplemental tools have been developed to aid the AutoMap user.  Tools
- Delete list editor.  Able to interactively add or remove terms, to
add terms from a previously generated concept list, to identify
possible misspelled words in the delete list, to add stemmed versions
of terms on the delete list.
- Thesauri editor.  Able to interactively add or remove terms, to
identify misspelled words, to add stemmed versions of terms in the
thesauri, sort based on the number of terms, to merge multiple
thesauri together.
- Concept list viewer.  Able to sort the concept list by frequency or
relative frequency, to compare to previously generated concept lists,
to save concepts to a delete list, to select terms by a minimum or
maximum frequency, to save a subset of the terms into a file.
Michael W. Bigrigg, Project Scientist
CASOS Center, Institute for Software Research
Carnegie Mellon University

@_date: 2009-10-25 22:54:57
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Life With TED - Micromanaging Your Carbon Footprint 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Life With TED - Micromanaging
Your Carbon Footprint via O'Reilly Radar - Insight, analysis, and
research about emerging technologies. by James Turner on 10/20/09
I've been interested in having a better handle on my electrical
consumption for a long time. Our family regularly goes through
1100-1200 kWh a month, and it's been frustrating that I couldn't really
get a grip on where or when the power was really being used. I want to
get my power usage under control for three reasons:
- I want to reduce my $180-a-month-and-climbing power bill. Public
Service Company of NH (PSNH) has one of the higher electricity rates in
the country (we have a nuke we're still paying off, among other things.)
- I'm seriously investigating adding solar to the mix, now that a 30%
federal tax credit, a $6,000 state rebate, and lower prices for the
panels have converged. It would be great to get my usage down into the
600-800 kWh average output I've been told I can expect a month from a
system, and zero out my PSNH bill on a yearly basis.
- I'm a firm believer in reducing carbon emissions, I'd like my 14 year
old son to have a world to grow up in. I've already cut my fuel oil use
in half (to a still awful 250 gallons a month in the winter, but it's a
huge house...) Cutting my electricity is the next low-hanging piece of
fruit on the tree.
I had been tracking Google PowerMeter, a Google initiative that lets
people monitor their energy usage online, but it was only available to
customers of electric providers who were using so-called "Smart
Meters". Smart Meters send usage data back to the provider, and PSNH
isn't one of them.
Then, this week, Google announced on their blog that normal mortals
could now order a device called The Energy Detective (or TED, as he's
known by his friends...) TED is made by Energy, Inc. out of South
Carolina, and consists of a minimum of two components. The first piece
is an inductive current measuring device that lives out in your circuit
breaker box. The second is a gateway device that plugs into a wall
socket and has an Ethernet jack. Optionally, you can also get a
stand-alone display, so that you don't need a computer to view your
Wiring the sensor device into your box is fairly straightforward. You
clamp the two sensors around the mains as they come into the box. You
also have to wire the device to the two "hot" phases of your 220V
service (which requires two free breakers in your box on different
phases), and a third wire running to neutral. If you have some basic
electrical savvy, you can do it yourself, but I decided to wimp out,
since my box is so crowded (after-effects of having a transfer switch
put in for a generator...), so I shelled out the $85 to have an
electrician put it in.
The gateway unit communicates with the sensor unit via signals sent
over the house AC. As with anything using the power lines to
communicate, I found the unit was very particularly to which outlet I
plugged it into. It really doesn't like to share a circuit with a
computer, for example. Neither of the two plugs which was actually next
to a network hub would pick up a signal, but one in an adjacent room
that happened to have a network jack did.
Once you have the gateway talking to the sensors and plugged into the
network (it uses DHCP to get an address), you can surf to it using any
browser. I can even get to it using Safari on my iPhone. The "home"
screen is a dashboard, showing various statistics about current demand
and your daily, weekly and monthly averages. You can view the data in
terms of kWh, dollars (once you tell TED how much you pay for power, it
can even handle peak period and tiered pricing models), or pounds of
All of the ranges on the dials and bar-graphs are configurable, so if
you want 3kWh to be "red", you can set it up that way. You can also
configure refresh rates. Clicking on the "Graphing" tab lets you view
your usages second to second, minute by minute, or by daily or weekly
It's these graphs that I have found to be most useful. You can start to
see all sorts of interesting patterns, like the "heartbeat" of my
furnace turning on and off at night, when the rest of the house is
otherwise quiet.
I can also see the huge hump when my son wakes up in the morning, and
proceeds to turn on every first floor light in the house. I was even
able to tell that my wife had turned on the dishwasher before she left
for school one morning.
The hourly aggregates are better for looking at overall trends, as
opposed to discrete events. I was surprised to see that 3AM was
actually a heavier usage period than noon on a weekday, although it
makes sense in hindsight. At 3AM, the furnace is running more, whereas
with the house empty at noon, the relative warmth lets the furnace run
Using TED, I've been able to quickly find the critical items that I
need to make sure get shut off when not used. A big one is my Mac Pro,
good for between 200 and 400 watts. I now turn it off when I got to bed
at night and leave for work. The LCD TV and surround sound amplifier
downstairs are another. It's early days, but I've already been able to
trim down about 20-30% of my daily usage. Once I have more than a few
day's data in the system, the daily aggregates should be able to let me
see how I'm doing at reducing my usages overall.
There's also a nice feature, at least in concept, called load profiles.
The basic idea is that TED can figure out when certain appliances or
other pieces of gear are turned on or off, based on the power drawn. As
I said, it's a nice idea in principal, but in reality, it only works if
you have devices that draw very unique amounts of power, and do it
consistently. If you have two devices that both draw about the same
amount of power, TED won't be able to tell the difference between
turning one on, and turning the other one on. And if the device doesn't
draw the same current (plus or minus 10%) every time, it won't get
tagged correctly. But short of putting individual sensors on each
device, TED does about as well as you could expect.
If you set your firewall / router up right, you can even access TED
from the web outside your house. You can also use an iPhone app to
monitor your usage, although it's pretty primitive. For example, you
can't see graphs of usage. Also, if you password-protect TED (good if
you're going to be putting it out on the web), you can't use the iPhone
app, since it also passwords the API. I've started playing around with
writing a better app, using the publically documented API, with
graphing and password support.
I started this article by talking about Google's PowerMeter, and TED
does in fact integrate with PowerMeter. But honestly, PowerMeter seems
downright primitive after all the features that the native TED
interface gives you. For one thing, it's only available as a widget on
Google's iGoogle page, something I never use (largely because it
doesn't integrate with my Google Apps for Domains account...) It also
offers very little in the way of functionality, beyond a simple bar
graph. One nice thing it does have is a comparison bar, that tells you
how your consumption compares to average households of various sizes.
A basic TED setup with one sensor unit and one gateway runs $200, a
stand-alone display raises the price to $240. If you want to monitor
solar output as well, or have a two panel house, the prices are
somewhat higher. It's certainly not cheap, you can get a good netbook
for that kind of money, but it will pay me back in a year if I can
reduce my comsumption by a mere 10%. Evidently, I'm not the only one
who was interested in TED, because all the units are currently on a 4-6
week backorder at their site.
Of course, all TED is going to do is to tell me what, in a sense, I
already know: turning things off saves energy. But by quantifying it,
and letting me see what really makes a difference, it lets me focus my
energy on what matters. And frankly, it's fun, at least at the moment,
to see how low I can get my consumption at any given time.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to O'Reilly Radar - Insight, analysis, and research about
emerging technologies. using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-26 10:08:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: FlossedBk, 
Interestingly, in the face of change, higher ed appears to be hunkering down
and fighting any and all changes...
This suggests to me that the organizations are brittle and endangered if
government and business experiences are any prior indicators.  In states
where money cannot be forked over to higher education from government,
expect institutions to start shattering fairly soon.  The UK in Europe comes
to mind where there is tremendous reliance on state funding and little
cushion without it.  In the US, systems like the University of California
and states schools in Florida, Arizona, Nevada and other cash-strapped
states will be stretched to the breaking point.
In the US, at least, rapid raises in tuition simply aren't an option.  The
UK has a bit more room on tuition, but not much.  Borrowing there to pay for
school is far less standard than in the US.  I don't know about the
continent or Asia.  I assume Asia is a cash business with little government
support, but the Chronicle lately has suggested huge cash flows in China and
India to some of their institutions (in comparative terms).
My guess is this will contribute to a rapid rise in open source tools, open
source methods and low cost research strategies--particularly in areas like
the social sciences where funding is always a challenge.
When universities start to change, I'll know the crisis is fully ripe.  That
seems to be 3 or 4 years off.

@_date: 2009-10-26 12:35:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: FlossedBk, 
Hi Michel:
Here is an article for your consideration as you requested:
Beginning to Rethink the Ethics of Higher Education in Light of P2P
Recently the *Chronicle of Higher Education* ran an
that universities are fairly conservative when it comes to the
capacity to change in the face of financial crisis.  Not much of a surprise.
In other breaking news, Wales still wet, and head lice found in
kindergartens.  Indeed the *Chronicle* is a self parody when it runs these
sorts of stories.  One wonders who (else) reads them.
P2P savvy critics like Stephen Downes  and George
Siemens  have long itched the
mainstream of higher education for not being more progressive in embracing
new modes of learning and new forms of access.  They?re mostly ignored.  And
then there is the long-standing joke (I?ve heard it attributed to Henry
Kissinger more than anyone) that the politics at universities are so fierce
because the stakes are so low.  One doesn?t have to dig very far to find a
reliable caricature of fuss and feathers with sound and fury signifying
nothing surrounding all things higher ed?along with a forward motion that is
slightly less viscous than plate glass.  Change is possible in so much as it
comes with a new grant for a building, new center or institute with
someone?s name on it.
There has been comfort in the ancient tree-filled quads and stodgy smells
for alumni and students as much as faculty and administration.   In the end,
Mr. Chips evolved?if only a touch.  The internal tension between dreamers
and idealists and organizations of stone and mortar board could give enough
opening light so that people were willing to carry on feeling as if they
were part of something grand and timeless but also relevant--enough.
Yet when the technology crises start to impact student ethics, one wonders
whether genuinely transformative spasms are not too far away.
Andy?s Black Hole  is an excellent blog
for tracking some of the catalytic effects of technology on learning.   It
notes the horizon shifters and possible change agents though with a healthy
dose of skepticism about the pace of change likely to result from often very
compelling ideas.   Recently Andy covered a
Ryerson University where a student helped others in a Facebook-based
study group on a chemistry problem that counted for credit.  He is charged
with 146 counts of academic misconduct ?one for all the students who used
the facility.   We don?t have all the facts, but the case on the surface
seems totally absurd.
The means by which students are learning is changing.  It is up to
instructors to adapt?not students to avoid tools and their advocates who
impel better collaboration and learning; those ARE the future.  We are in
the midst of a shift of communications and learning tools that is obviously
without precedent, but it comes, apparently, as some surprise to the faculty
of chemistry at Ryerson.  And thus the rules of learning stumble on.  So it
goes.  Some prof smells a cheat because a student didn?t follow the
rules.  Well,
maybe, just maybe, consider changing the rules.
The hierarchy and individualism of higher education are beginning to come
unspun, and P2P is at the root of a lot of the fraying.   The problems arise
from a grind of students who know information to be free, informal and
accessible versus faculty who prepare journal articles for the care of
typesetters and whose vision of knowing is linked to some cultural notion of
a corpus to be mastered by an individual.  The whole project is getting
tired, and the rules need to change.
So far, no prominent institution has stepped up.  MIT and others have put
classes on the web, which is a start.  But no major institution has
systematically looked at technologies of learning and knowing with a mind
toward substantive internal organizational and procedural change.
The most exciting moves are taking place in and around community
colleges.  These
more dynamic and less institutional models may be the future if the prestige
and Jane Austen-like qualities of the conventional orgs shatter all at
once?and they just might.  It?s hard to imagine all that money and status
flushing away quickly, but one senses the swirl has begun.

@_date: 2009-10-27 16:30:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Beyond Julian Simon; 
things simultaneously but in completely different ways.  I am gearing up to
start a blog on what I call the "New Workforce Development."  In that world,
I view the dignity of individuals to be tied, in part, to their
productivity, as I do my own.
I realize that is not a fundamental human view, but it's not uncommon
amongst reasonable people in my world.  My life isn't my work, but my work
is meaningful in part because I matter.  I think many people want to
matter.  In fact, I'd argue that mattering is more important than money form
most--given basic necessities being met.
The value of my labor is never external.  Never has been.  It has always
been a combination of external and internal.  Quite honestly I have had
ideas worth many millions of dollars--and they're not my best.  So how would
I value my own imagination?  To me it is intrinsically related to
mattering.  Without that, I am depressive and minimally productive.  When I
can do something that has a positive impact on others, I am energized and
There's something wrong with our views of labor.  It is far more complex
than a simple transactional process of getting bread and computer chips.
Talking about my "surplus" makes me very low.  I don't have a "surplus."  I
have talents and I use them.  Somehow we need to admit that not all horses
pull the same plows and some horses glory in a plow and others in a race

@_date: 2009-10-27 16:49:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the new green revolution in AFrica 
The magicians Penn and Teller are apparently strongly conventional
libertarian/skeptics.  They have an HBO television show that
covers/represents their views.  They did one on organic foods.  It wasn't
pretty.  They did taste tests (with organic advocates) questioned food
experts, nutrition experts, etc.  The net of that story was that organics
were a social waste and not as good in any obvious way--pests, soils,
productivity, nutrition, health, tastes.  If I recall, Borlaug might have
been cited.  But since his death, I've seen him a lot...so I can't be
Just another data droplet tangentially associated.

@_date: 2009-10-28 08:36:44
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The economics of net neutrality 
"The Economics of Net Neutrality", by Robert W. Hahn and Scott Wallsten of
AEI-Brookings Joint Center argues that mandating net neutrality, like most
other forms of price regulation, is poor policy; instead, the government
should focus on creating competition in the broadband market by liberalizing
more spectrum and reducing entry barriers created by certain local

@_date: 2009-10-28 08:39:26
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Beyond Julian Simon; 
I think there is a big need for a good lifelong learning blog.  That could
support advertising and be socially just.  I also think it could lead to a
number of constructive career opportunities.
On Tue, Oct 27, 2009 at 6:59 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-10-28 09:03:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] article request 
For your consideration, here is a Maia Maia article:
Maia Maia: A Coupon Currency for Carbon Reduction Initiatives and the
Failure of Micro-initiatives
A person inclined to follow P2P really wants to like the Maia
Maiaproject, and I do, in principle.
I really hope it works, but it won't--in practice.  The idea is fairly
simple: Implement a carbon reduction club and thereby earn a standard amount
of ?booyas? which are a currency coupon to be used at local vendors
supporting the (hopefully) viral movement.
In practice, there are lots of issues.  First, there is no central source of
legitimacy to the idea except the idea itself.  It?s a nice idea, but it is
hardly unique or bold.
Second, we don?t really need to standardize on booyas, and the network of
booya takers is not yet a selling point based on established presence?like
Facebook is.  So there is really little reason to suspect the movement will
catch hold and center itself amongst the many possible spokes of
(potentially) participating groups.
More importantly, the site itself is clunky and the marketing and component
names seem arbitrary--but not in a good way.  In a sense it is a bit sad to
see these little efforts form without building off of standardized
technology or currency components, a base of shared intellectual umph, or
links to important existing environmental or social groups.   In short, Maia
Maia is too small to matter?and that?s a painful thing for a P2P advocate to
say about a well-intentioned P2P effort.  But it needs saying.  Just because
you want to be in charge is not reason enough to clutter the world with yet
another hopeful but ill-conceived project.
Most of us want to solve big problems?have big ideas.  But the real value of
P2P commons leaders is in integration?not entrepreneurship.  Of course we
need social entrepreneurs and big thinkers.  But what is needed more are
players who build commons?consistent and widely used component sets and
linkages that encourage open standards?not hubs.  That?s the future that
will catch hold.  Sadly, we?ll see 500 Maia Maia?s which will make a lot of
people as cynical as my mother was when she was continually confronted with
a new vendor value stamp (like the old S&H green stamps).  Everyone wants to
be the hub; what?s needed is components.  Please find a group of partners to
be in common with?don?t go it alone.

@_date: 2009-10-28 16:07:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
Hi Stan:
I actually did a bit more looking and find their approach very along lines
long held by industrial ecologists at places like Yale that I admire.  In
fact, I'd call it the same.  It is sensationalistic as presented by SA, but
I tend to agree with them.  I think there is a reasonable argument to be
made that economics is ultimately a study of thermodynamics and that
neoclassical growth theories are simply wrong--scientifically.  Classical
technocrats have made this argument since the 1930s (though they've suffered
their share of outliers, too.  The ideas these guys are discussing aren't
new so far as I can tell.
On the other hand, Superfreakanomics is out now and the excerpts I have read
are truly laughable on climate change.  It is ridiculously bad science
policy and even worse economics.  Paul Krugman called the economics in it
"simply wrong."  And the major scientist they quote says he was misquoted
and categorically disagrees with the book's presentation of his views and
their findings--and rebutted it in an interview with Yale360, not exactly a
dodgy forum for rebuttle.  Climate Progress blog (which is often over the
top in its own way) has a lot on it.  Interesting time in economics.

@_date: 2009-10-28 16:10:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
On Wed, Oct 28, 2009 at 3:48 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <
multi-billion dollar reworking of the e-grid along these lines.  The Lovins
book is a classic policy brief...scary, smart and completely out of left

@_date: 2009-10-28 21:26:48
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Xerox Paves the Way for Low Cost Printable 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Xerox Paves the Way for Low
Cost Printable Electronics on More Materials via Next Big Future by
noreply at blogger.com (bw) on 10/28/09
Xerox has a breakthrough which provides the industry with the
capability to print electronics on a wider range of materials and at a
lower cost. Xerox says it could bring the cost of RFID tags down from
the current dollar or so each to roughly a penny each. Another of the
key benefits of its technology is that it can print with silver ink at
a much lower temperature than competing technologies, which makes it
much easier for the materials it's printing on to survive.
Until now, bringing low-cost electronics to the masses has been
hindered by the logistics and costs associated with silicon chip
manufacturing; the breakthrough low-temperature silver ink overcomes
the cost hurdle, printing reliably on a wide range of surfaces such as
plastic or fabric. As part of its commercialization initiatives, Xerox
plans to aggressively seek interested manufacturers and developers by
providing sample materials to allow them to test and evaluate potential
Integrated circuits are made up of three components - a semiconductor,
a conductor and a dielectric element - and currently are manufactured
in costly silicon chip fabricating factories. By creating a
breakthrough silver ink to print the conductor, Xerox has developed all
three of the materials necessary for printing plastic circuits.
Using Xerox's new technology, circuits can be printed just like a
continuous feed document without the extensive clean room facilities
required in current chip manufacturing. In addition, scientists have
improved their previously developed semiconductor ink, increasing its
reliability by formulating the ink so that the molecules precisely
align themselves in the best configuration to conduct electricity.
The printed electronics materials, developed at the Xerox Research
Centre of Canada, enable product manufacturers to put electronic
circuits on plastics, film, and textiles. Printable circuits could be
used in a broad range of products, including low-cost radio frequency
identification tags, light and flexible e-readers and signage, sensors,
solar cells and novelty applications including wearable electronics.
PC Mag coverage
The possibilities range from printing on flexible plastic (opening the
door to displays you can roll up and put your briefcase), to paper and
cardboard (for packaging that can give audio and video instructions for
assembling a product, provide active reminders to take medicine or
confirm whether you already took it), to fabric (which could allow
wearable electronics ? a T-shirt with a display, say, replacing a
printed slogan for marketing or for showing support for a political
"We will be able to print circuits in almost any size from smaller
custom-sized circuits to larger formats such as wider rolls of plastic
sheets ? unheard of in today's silicon-wafer industry," said Hadi
Mahabadi, vice president and center manager of Xerox Research Centre
Canada, in a statement.
Xerox says it could bring the cost of RFID tags down from the current
dollar or so each to roughly a penny each.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Next Big Future using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-29 09:11:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Suggestions wanted for education to p2p 
I work in an Education Ministry and can attest that you will get 8 ideas
about how children should be educated for every 7 people.  About 1 out of 8
won't be able to make up their minds between 2.
But I think you raise a great question with no clear answers.  Here's the
general problem:  What sort of world do you want to live in?  If you can
answer that question, the follow-on question is...can people find their way
to that conclusion with logic and reason, or do they need indoctrination?
I am personally of a mind that some level of indoctrination into social
norms is inevitable.  We are social animals--and we will norm ourselves.
Grammar, driving rules, ettiquette, learning credentials, etc. are all
normative values.  In short, we govern ourselves.  Children must learn those
rules.  Many don't do so and the consequences are often tragic.
Ask any long-time teacher about kids from Montesorri or other "free form"
education models, and they'll generally paint a portrait of outlier behavior
that is very difficult to work with.  Now, outliers obviously aren't a bad
thing (most all of us on this list are probably pretty far out of the norm);
they're just not an orderly thing.  If part of your answer to the first
question is...order and discipline (e.g. most Asian cultures, Germany, etc.)
you're not going to have much luck with a Finnish system where there is
little measurement, much collaboration and a great deal of emphasis on the
group versus the individual.  I'd guess that the US offers the broadest
diversity of choices from military academies to very free-form no grades,
In general, schools around the world are well ahead of society on
social acceptance, green behavior and training and routing out bullies.
Teachers are often left-leaning, well-educated and in middling social
classes.  They indoctrinate to their own moral values.  In my view, the best
schools in the world are Finnish and Norwegian schools--but those would be
terrible models in a Singapore or Japanese cultural framework.  Cultures
establish how people want to live...not schools.
So a person it seems has to be judgmental.  You've got to decide you know
better than others and that you are going to indoctrinate to your way of
thinking.  Nation-states don't trust parents to do that well, by and large,
so they establish strong normative standards and curriculums (e.g.
Germany--where, as Paul says, homeschooling is illegal.)  Japan has the most
rigid curriculum on earth.  It is almost robotic and the students turn out
as people who tolerate intense crowds at train stations without breaking
down, etc.  Some do crash and burn.  That's true in all systems.
We have trouble in our little group here establishing P2P norms in a strong
sense, so educating people to weak norms--terribly difficult with children
in general--would be even harder.  Sharing is widely taught but one
aggressive selfish child can turn a whole group rapidly.
Learning by doing is probably the best shot--with strong oversite and
"enabling."  Explain what a P2P system is, and hope students can find
benefit in the application.  Most parents will probably reject it.
Realistically, getting along in the world requires something of a selfish
and aggressive attitude.  Much as I wish that weren't so, I don't expect
anyone to rebutt the fact that most people believe in a merit-based,
market-driven reality--even in so-called communist and socialist states.
Nationalism is, in my opinion, stronger today than it has ever been.  People
live and die by state borders and citizenships.  Changing cultures is
perhaps the most difficult process humans undertake.
So, it is a great topic, but I doubt there are answers.

@_date: 2009-10-29 09:22:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot News Story | Decline In US Newspaper 
Great link.  What is fascinating to me is that this story has been brewing
for at least 7 years, it continues to accelerate, and those in the know
still don't believe it.  Human willingness to believe what we think is right
in the face of great evidence is a constant lesson to me.
On Wed, Oct 28, 2009 at 5:45 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-10-29 09:45:35
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
There are three "big" questions in these discussions as I see them.
If Paul is even remotely correct, and I do not dismiss his ideas at all, he
is onto the biggest one...which Michel is also nipping at and I am starting
to blog...which is, what will be done with all the people?  This really is
fundamental.  I fear the worst.  Others see great futures.  I see
Like the newspaper trends, the moves toward robotic replacement of labor is
simply undeniable.  It is happening...economists call it "productivity."
That is, doing more with fewer people.  And yet we have more people.  So
that means more "doing."
That begs the second big question...Can growth, real growth, continue?  If
not, why not?  That is the question where neoclassical economics comes into
doubt.  I think the idea of simple models like the Solow Growth differential
equations I struggled with 25 years ago as an undergraduate in Hugh Rose's
class on them is rapidly passing.  We know that the earth is, for producible
resources, a closed system.  Energy from the sun is real, but transforming
it to useful work is something different...and quite possibly a closed
system as well.  The jury is out, but for now, no one has advanced a
realistic plan for movement to a post market, energy abundant world that is
desirable to most people or most decision makers.
That begs the third big question which is, I think, the fundamental one of
this Foundation:  Can people find a path away from competitive,
property-based systems to something that is productive and desirable?
Again, the jury is out.  Most of us, I think it is fair to say, hope so.
Some (perhaps most obviously Stan and myself) have grave doubts.  If we
cannot, I think my dystopian future is highly likely.
This third question circles back into the first in an Oroborus style.
What seems clear is that nearly all major world philosophies are predicting
varying levels of crisis for the next 20-50 years.  So far, those crises are
not hitting home to most people.  Change is not in the air except amongst
futurists...and change is always in the air for them.
Great questions...lots of attempts at answers.  None is so far compelling to

@_date: 2009-10-29 13:35:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
Hi Michel,
I don't mind playing the bad guy...but in fairness, I've never said peak oil
is bull. I've read the eponymous blog for 3 or more years and am definitely
a believer.
I do doubt Lovins on nuclear.  But I am increasingly of a mind that peak
uranium is a problem. Regardless, I remain pro-nuclear because the greatest
threat to humanity is climate change...I am starting to think seriously
about changing my number one threat to the loss of meaningful work...but I
make a poor luddite. There are more computers in my house than beating
hearts...and I have fish.
I don't know how to get at this big issue Paul has really brought to my
attention...but I think it is real.  It is really the obsolescence of
I don't know of Hazel, but anyone who is a friend of ethical markets is a
friend of mine.

@_date: 2009-10-30 01:29:41
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Critical to expand perception of Currencies 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Critical to expand perception
of Currencies via New Currency Frontiers by Arthur Brock on 10/29/09
On the Complementary Currency Skype channel we've got going, there was
brief but old standard debate going on about fiat vs. mutual credit
I chimed in with:
When you expand your perspective about currency beyond only medium of
exchange / monetary currencies the need for fiat currencies becomes
For example, debiting a University for granting a college degree as
reputation currency starts sounding awfully silly. There are quite
valid reasons for fiat currencies.
However, if your goal is to create sustained monetary value, that form
of issuance tends to be "bad tech." I think we might be able to
transcend some of the dogmatic Mac/PC or Fiat/Mutual-Credit posturing
if we consider these broader applications they create sharper contrasts
and clearer hues so that we can learn which adjustments effect what
Imagine analyzing breeds of apples. There are a lot of differences
between them, but mostly a lot of similarities when you compare them to
all other fruits. It may be that if we want to nourish ourselves
effectively, that we shouldn't rule out all other fruits. They each
have their own value and there are things to learn from them that may
even teach us a few things about apples.
(Yes... You might accuse me of making an apples to oranges comparison
Later Ernie asked: ?I would like to know what you mean by this: ...if
we consider these broader applications they create sharper contrasts
and clearer hues so that we can learn which adjustments affect what
After a few days I responded:
Sorry about my delayed response. Let me try using what I think is an
apt metaphor. The design of any currency establishes a range of
possible behaviors of the individuals participating in it as well as a
trajectory for the user community as a whole (as a sort of collective
entity or organism).
I think this is very similar to the role that DNA plays in living
A currency organizes connections and interactions between groups of
people into a kind of collective behavior which creates a kind of
living social organism. The design of that currency (the rules about
issuance, transaction, conversion/co-function, retirement/expiration,
participant classes, governance, etc.) are the DNA of this social
DNA doesn?t tell us exactly what each individual biological critter
will do, but it does define a particular range of possibilities and
tendencies. We know pigs don?t fly, bats don?t ?see,? fish must live in
water, and most humans develop language capacities. That doesn?t tell
us what sentences a particular human will say, just like the design of
a currency doesn?t determine exactly what transactions individuals will
Suppose you want to understand human DNA ? map the human genome.
Scientists have found it VERY useful to learn from non-human creatures
for many reasons. Simpler combinations of variables (fewer chromosome
pairs), easier experimentation (eugenics / experimental breeding of
humans is frowned upon), greater variety (difference between different
animals create contrasts which help identify patterns that might be
harder to see between humans who are so similar), etc.
I?m suggesting that as currency designers (even if what you want most
is to understand monetary currencies) that expanding our definition of
currencies to include non-monetary configurations helps in the very
same ways that considering non-human DNA helps in mapping human DNA.
- There is greater variety. Contrasts stand out much more starkly.
Postage stamps fill a very different niche than grades on tests or bus
passes. There are patterns amidst that variety that are direct outcomes
of the design of each currency.
- People participate more freely. Consider how many hundreds of
millions of people are freely participating in currencies like
five-star product ratings, eBay reputation, user participation metrics,
certifications, college degrees, performance reviews, stocks, stamps,
movie tickets, etc. in contrast to how few are participating in general
purpose money substitutes (LETS, Berks, local currencies, and even
commercial barter).
- Failures are less costly. The impact on people?s trust, ability to
sustain themselves and willingness to participate in another
?experimental? community venture are less severe when people don?t
expect to make a living from the experiment. With non-monetary
currencies, we can experiment without people losing their retirement
- Results can be evaluated faster. One of the things people often
expect from a monetary currency is long-term stability as a store of
value. But non-monetary alternatives can be used to solve specific
problems or meet specific goals then be retired. Even the WIR has
barely been running long enough for many to consider it in long-term
This is what I meant in prior statement you asked about. I think there
are many more reasons to consider these non-monetary currencies (such
as gift economies are fundamentally more efficient than market
Getting out of the rut of thinking that new ?money? is the only real
answer yields many opportunities for us. And yes ? these broader
?currencies? solve real problems that real people are grappling with
every day. Money isn?t the only solution to our problems. And as we all
know, it is in fact the source of many of them.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to New Currency Frontiers using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-30 07:58:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More on the problem of infinite growth...from Jeff 
This is an older introduction to his "rhizome" theory.

@_date: 2009-10-30 17:37:30
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An open letter to Steve Levitt 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: An open letter to Steve Levitt
via 3quarksdaily by Abbas Raza on 10/30/09
Raymond T. Pierrehumbert, Louis Block Professor in the Geophysical
Sciences, The University of Chicago, in Real Climate:
Dear Mr. Levitt,
The problem of global warming is so big that solving it will require
creative thinking from many disciplines. Economists have much to
contribute to this effort, particularly with regard to the question of
how various means of putting a price on carbon emissions may alter
human behavior. Some of the lines of thinking in your first book,
Freakonomics, could well have had a bearing on this issue, if brought
to bear on the carbon emissions problem. I have very much enjoyed and
benefited from the growing collaborations between Geosciences and the
Economics department here at the University of Chicago, and had hoped
someday to have the pleasure of making your acquaintance. It is more in
disappointment than anger that I am writing to you now.
I am addressing this to you rather than your journalist-coauthor
because one has become all too accustomed to tendentious screeds from
media personalities (think Glenn Beck) with a reckless disregard for
the truth. However, if it has come to pass that we can?t expect the
William B. Ogden Distinguished Service Professor (and Clark Medalist to
boot) at a top-rated department of a respected university to think
clearly and honestly with numbers, we are indeed in a sad way.
By now there have been many detailed dissections of everything that is
wrong with the treatment of climate in Superfreakonomics , but what has
been lost amidst all that extensive discussion is how really simple it
would have been to get this stuff right. The problem wasn?t necessarily
that you talked to the wrong experts or talked to too few of them. The
problem was that you failed to do the most elementary thinking needed
to see if what they were saying (or what you thought they were saying)
in fact made any sense. If you were stupid, it wouldn?t be so bad to
have messed up such elementary reasoning, but I don?t by any means
think you are stupid. That makes the failure to do the thinking all the
more disappointing. I will take Nathan Myhrvold?s claim about solar
cells, which you quoted prominently in your book, as an example.
As quoted by you, Mr. Myhrvold claimed, in effect, that it was
pointless to try to solve global warming by building solar cells,
because they are black and absorb all the solar energy that hits them,
but convert only some 12% to electricity while radiating the rest as
heat, warming the planet. Now, maybe you were dazzled by Mr Myhrvold?s
brilliance, but don?t we try to teach our students to think for
themselves? Let?s go through the arithmetic step by step and see how it
comes out. It?s not hard.
More here. [Thanks to Carl Zimmer.]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to 3quarksdaily using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-10-31 00:41:39
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mob Rule! How Users Took Over Twitter 
Interesting new type of commons?
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Mob Rule! How Users Took Over
Twitter via Wired Top Stories by Steven Levy on 10/30/09
Who is actually running Twitter? Thousands of clever coders and power
users want what they want and implement it, no matter if the founders
who try to run the service agree.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Wired Top Stories using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-08-31 19:38:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Remote Assembly, Economy, & Work For Its Own Sake 
Not at all.
My only point is that politics is the crux.  If one is not into coercion,
then the process resolves, as I see it, to education and experiment.
I have no cause or interest to insult.  I am human and prone to
shortcomings, but I meant no insult and apologize if any was perceived.

@_date: 2009-08-31 19:58:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Remote Assembly, Economy, & Work For Its Own Sake 
I don't know Slaughter's work.  If he is against dystopia, I am for his
work.  Still, there are planned outcomes and unplanned ones...the notorious
black swans of Nicholas Nassim Taleb.  Hyperinflations are a plausible
(indeed current) means by which money disappears by no longer working.  If
"plausible" is likely to happen, then I would argue hyperinflation is darn
Here are some interesting questions for current theorists I would think:
A. Money stopped functioning in Zimbabwe.  Z. still exists.  What happened
that one can like and that one dislikes about the state of affairs there?
B. If the question is, how do people function when there is no money, it
seems a hyper-inflation would offer an excellent proxy.  Or would it not?
If not, why not?  Do people need to choose no money?
C. If the question is one of choice, do people need to continually reject
money?  What if a token system started for whatever reason...say as a means
of fun wagers?  Or, what if people instituted a government in a system where
there was no money and then started using it?  Would this be somehow wrong
or illogical?  If illogical, one needs to present to reasonable and
open-minded persons a logic by which it is illogical, I would think.
My own conclusion (which is always tentative) is that one can't envision a
logical free choice system without value tokens in a modern society because
money is useful.
One might however envision a system where people choose not to use money
because the political objectives of their society reject certain aspects of
life associated with money.   That is a political decision...like making
certain crimes illegal that need not be to have a reasonably civil and
functioning society...say, "vices" like smoking pot or gambling.
So, my view of what answers your question, Sam, is that the process is the
same as any politically transformative discussion.  How do you implement
anything?  Healthcare, reduced carbon, etc.  It isn't a question of
procedure...there is no process to design.  It is a question of political
Perhaps I am still off-kilter, but I am attempting a legitimate answer as I
see it.

@_date: 2009-09-01 08:48:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Remote Assembly, Economy, & Work For Its Own Sake 
What you have here is exciting and good work.  Thanks for sharing.  I am
enthusiastic about your directions...and I agree with virtually all you have
written.  We are using different language.  I use the Aristotelian concept
of politics I have been trained with.  Your restating the issues in a more
contemporary tone and language is helpful...particularly when I see the map
to old ideas that form root clusters in my mind.  For me, politics is a
framework of social argument.  We experience contested environments.  Those
who choose P2P are less interested in contested frameworks than, say,
perhaps a civil rights lawyer might be.  Both might be on the scent of
"justice" to use another classical term.
A political scientist will be steeped in the language of Aristotle, Rawls,
Dworkin, Wolin, etc. and they will use a classical lingo like politics,
justice, democracy, markets, etc.
In past writings I have tried to begin a political sociology of P2P by
speaking of underlying threads and themes which approach the topic.  You,
like me, perhaps come more from what I call a technocratic school...our
language is more linked to people like one sees founding silicon firms or
writing technoblogs in San Francisco.  Another thread is the socialist
thread which is overwhelmingly seated geographically in Europe.
These threads are not deterministic, but they are elements of identity and
worldview...as you call it...the old German Weltanshauung.
Mapping these diverse threads to each other is perhaps the most exciting and
difficult task a list like this can accomplish.  Dialogue is necessary to
link various discourses to each other...it is, as Karl Weick from up your
way calls it, sensemaking .
To my mind there have been three really great social science idea threads so
far...evolution, sensemaking, and behavorial economics...which could really
be seen as a combo of evolution and sensemaking.  An alternative third might
be collaboration...under which I'd put P2P.

@_date: 2009-09-01 09:11:04
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Nuclear decline set to continue, says report, 
What you include below surprises me.  I would have predicted the opposite.
One needs to make special note of futurism projections that come out flat
wrong.  In this case, I am certainly so.

@_date: 2009-09-05 07:48:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fabulous! 
We should find a small piece of land in New England and do this...as a
second home.

@_date: 2009-09-05 08:38:57
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What's different about this economic downturn? -- 
For those watching for the end of capitalism...it is the loss of employment
that has people particularly spooked.  No one knows where future paying jobs
are coming from...several industries...e.g. academia, social networking,
manufacturing, traditional energy, banking, law, government, seem overpriced
and overemployed.

@_date: 2009-09-05 09:56:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fabulous! 
Ha!  Meant to send that version to my wife.  Oh well.

@_date: 2009-09-05 10:00:24
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fabulous! 
His project, which includes employing more or less unemployable people...is
very cool at a number of levels.  What a hero of modern times.  Love to meet
him sometime.

@_date: 2009-09-05 14:15:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Conference on the future of capitalism (critical 
10th EURAM Conference, Back to the Future May 19-22, 2010, Tor Vergata
University, Rome, Italy
Call for Papers - Business in Society SIG Track 30:
Organization After Empire? State, Corporate and Popular Reactions and
Resistances to the Crises of Capitalism Co-organisers
Stephen Linstead (contact) Stefano Harney                      Garance
University of York      Queen Mary University London  University of
sl510 at york.ac.uk        S.Harney at qmul.ac.uk             g.marechal at liv.ac.uk
Critical historical approaches to the study of capitalism and political
economy and the dark side of globalization (including the sources of the
current crisis) have been revitalized by Boltanski and Chiapello's The New
Capitalism (1999 and 2005) and Hardt and Negri's Empire (2000) and Multitude
(2004). Empire became a best-seller by reinterpreting the past and arguing
that the historical objectives pursued by political and military means are
now pursued by social, cultural and economic means, and global hegemony at
this level extends from previous more obviously aggressive historical
imperial forms. Hardt and Negri argued that boundaries become increasingly
blurred between cultural politics, political economy, cultural economy and
political aesthetics, as culture becomes commodified and plasticized and
processors of both information and materials shape and may dominate
processes of government. After the Second Gulf War it at first appeared that
the Corporation, rather than the State, was the prime determinant of
political agendas and that military means to achieving these were as
important as ever. But more recently, since the Credit Crunch, the State's
role has been temporarily revitalized, in response to the often desperate
entreaties from those who for two decades had been most firmly resistant to
state intervention in business affairs. Is this really a return to the past
or is it a fundamental change in relations, and power balance, between
parliamentary bodies, Wall Street and the High Street ? Has the march of
Empire been stalled, reversed, or just slowed? Do we know enough about the
new workings of Empire to even hazard a guess? Since the Second World War,
globalization as a process has been encouraged under the auspices of the UN,
the GATT, the World Bank and more recently the WTO, exerting pressure on
both developing and developed nations to structure their economies in
particular ways. Since the 1970s this has reflected monetarist approaches to
state control and intervention, away from welfare. During the 1990s, efforts
were made to curb the worst effects and promote the benefits of
globalization. The UN recently launched the Global Compact, and with several
universities and business schools, national management associations and
academies, and corporations the UN has formed the Global Forum for Business
as an Agent of World Benefit (BAWB), and the Principles of Responsible
Management Education (PRME) initiative. Whilst the Global Forum announces
its 2009 objective as a "task of historic significance", are these efforts
just another ideological elaboration of the mask that keeps the world safe
for capital?
In this stream we seek to build on past work introducing the ideas of the
new critique of capital into organization studies to ask deeper questions
about the nature of the current crisis of capitalism, the recent history of
the corporation and its influence, the nature of global collusions between
corporations and governments, the role of educational institutions, the
realities and possibilities of resistance, the future role and power of the
state and its potential forms - and the implications of all this for
organizations and organizing. We are keen to encourage both new reflections
grounded in philosophy and organization theory as well as empirical and
historical analyses of the ways in which empire and corporate histories
intersect, particularly through ever more sophisticated processes of
commodification. We encourage methodological diversity in progressing
debates, and welcome discursive analyses as well as quantitative approaches
if clearly grounded in well articulated ideas. Contributions that utilize
analyses of forms of popular culture, including feature films, documentaries
and press coverage, are also welcome.
Submission and other conference details can be found on the conference
Deadline for papers (20 pages) is December 7th 2009 - full specifications at

@_date: 2009-09-05 17:09:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Did Economists Get It So Wrong? - NYTimes.com 
Was literally reading the article when yours came across the screen.
Remarkable argument.  The gods of economics hurling the biggest thunderbolts
academics can throw.
On Sat, Sep 5, 2009 at 4:26 PM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-09-06 07:37:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Collective Intelligence -- a group for "moving 
Interesting P2P related social entrepreneurship organization...

@_date: 2009-09-06 07:46:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] University of NC class on Virtual Communities and 
How school works in the future?  Crowdsourced assignments, etc.

@_date: 2009-09-06 08:03:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] From Sepp Hasselberger on Facebook...on Free 
Sepp is one of the cognoscenti of free currencies...so far as I know...

@_date: 2009-09-07 08:28:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What's different about this economic downturn? 
Your arguments make sense on labour, Michel.  I'm not sure they are more
explanatory than others, but they make sense.  I do believe automation is
starting to bite significantly.  I agree that Paul is a bit out there on his
claims from my perspective, but I see the trend he senses coming.  The whole
of the service industry rise was about automation in a sense...computers,
specifically.  It is getting far worse.  I see it in government every day
where we could trivially automate away thousands of jobs and choose not
to.   It is the loss of a concept of value for money that is twisting
capitalism so badly now.  Markets just don't work for labor...without
complete mayhem ensuing.
I disagree with Sam on US corruption and have a lot of first hand data on
this topic...the perception is certainly true.  But I don't wish to find
myself defending US corporate interests which are dirty enough for me.
They're just not MORE dirty than the rest...and often are less
so--demonstrably.  I'd rate Italy, Russia and the UK amongst the worse for
corruption for mainline countries.  Transparency International is good on
both government and non-government topics here.  Most of the good governance
research and ideas ironically comes out of US business schools.  It isn't
offsetting for the harm, but it is still welcome.  The US corruption is out
in the open because we have a better and larger set of journalists than most
nations.  Again, perceptions are otherwise, but the US is overwhelmingly
bigger in blogging, small journalism outlets, offstream magazines, etc.
Most nations rely on a quality core (e.g. BBC / Economist) the US has
thousands of options to Russia, Britain, Germany or Chinas few.
Asia is the future of work...long hours, high stress, high GINI indices.  I
wish the future was Germany...high skill, low stress.  I do believe there is
far more human capital than we could ever put to productive use now.  My own
guess is that means exterminations in one way or another.  I really don't
share the view of most here that things turn out happy and healthy.  I work
for that...but I doubt that it will come to pass.  Of course I hope I am
wrong.  Perhaps it is the way my brain is wired, but I definitely sense
disaster looming...not prosperity and happiness.  That is why I relish
reading Paul's long paeans to progress.  It gives me a bit of hope.

@_date: 2009-09-07 08:45:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What's different about this economic downturn? 
Again, I doubt it.  Europe is still a hot bed for ugly
colonialism...particularly the UK and France.  Governments are regularly
corrupt in these countries in foreign dealings.  I think the Nordic nations
lead...along with New Zealand and a few others in good governance...but
there is still a lot of corruption...Sweden and Iceland both recently had
big bouts...and no one but Japan is more corrupt in their dealings on
fishing treaties than the Nordic nations...and it matters to them.
I agree there is little value in comparing cultures.  Feelings run deep even
for those who see themselves as internationalists.  But I always run into
the European perception that they are clean while the US is dirty.  I've had
the discussion with many experts...it just isn't so as understood in
academia and development economics.  Most development economists I know
think France is a great beast in the current world...Haiti, Francophone
Africa, etc.  But they present themselves as moral leaders.  Even Holland
still has some ugly issues in the Caribbean and Belgium has never stepped up
to its own responsibilities in the Congo.  The UK's failure in adequately
supporting the Commonweath goes without saying.  Spain really does a modicum
of work in the Spanish new world...it really is unfortunate.
US schools still overwhelmingly include more expats than Europe or anywhere
else.  American graduate schools train the best Indians, Koreans, Russians
and even Chinese now, regularly...it is a win/win, but some of that
knowledge filters back in huge ways...and the Chinese, Indians and Koreans
especially know this.

@_date: 2009-09-07 09:06:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What's different about this economic downturn? 
Hi Michel,
I don't know much about Asia.  I have studied with many from the nations
there, but I have not travelled in Asia as I have in the Caribbean or Africa
or Europe.  I believe Thailand is undoubtedly a very special culture and
have known many charmed by its ethos.  I would hesitate to say poverty in
Asia has more dignity from what I know of India and China...my sister-in-law
is Chinese and my brother-in-law (her husband) speaks excellent Chinese and
the stories they tell are devistating.  It doesn't start or end with girl
children, etc.  It goes throughout workplace violations with horrible
chemicals, unprotected machine tools used by children, etc.  I've even heard
horror stories from Taiwan.
The US and Western Europe dealt with child labor laws 100 years ago.  I
regularly saw children working (often as slaves, I'm sure...in South
Africa.)   That still happens in London or New York, but it makes headlines
when it is discovered...it isn't accepted.
Brazil and Argentina are no doubt as bad.  Mexico is very scary at a number
of levels...and has well over 100 million people...
If I had to pick moral nations, I'd go with Canada and New Zealand in the
English speaking world...and as I have said, they both have big and current
black marks against them.  Denmark, Holland, Finland, Norway, Sweden, etc.
all do a good job as far as I am concerned.
As for big nations, the world's hopes still rise and fall with the US, I'm
afraid.  Perhaps that is one reason I am so pessimistic about the future.
The US has suffered a long stretch of ugly politics and a very difficult
battle in its move toward becoming a legitimate social democracy.  I'm not
sure it will ever find its way wholly there.  The bad sort of libertarianism
runs deep there now, and will for a long time.  My own guess is that the US
begins to fragment...a number of Federalists wanted to break off New England
in the early 1800s when they anticipated this...those groups will again
rise...even with the Civil War in hindsight.
Keep on being optimistic...optimism is the correct response and one I hope
to some day reach.
It is true I mock hippies because I've never been able to be one.  Wish I
could be.

@_date: 2009-09-07 09:40:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Information Feudalism 
This is one altnerative use I have proposed also for OTEC plants in the warm
water ocean belts across the world.
Unlikely those would be non-corporate, but they could be reliable and low
P.S. Stratellites ought not to cost more than a few million each.  Tech is
trivial...there are a few firms in the US working on them.  We've looked at
cargo airships.  They will be coming as fuel gets more expensive.

@_date: 2009-09-07 14:24:02
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What's different about this economic downturn? 
This is supposedly the way the Italian economy has worked for a generation.
Precision eyeglass frames are made in basements and sold to Gucci to avoid
the tax man.
China already does a lot of this.  I was reading about a smaller city in
China that makes 50% of the world's socks...if you are wearing them now,
chances are they were made in that town.

@_date: 2009-09-07 14:34:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Some Facebook Statistics -- From the Functioning 
Recent numbers on Facebook's usage and growth:
   - More than 250 million active users
   )
   - More than 120 million users log on to Facebook at least once each day.
   (source )
   - More than two-thirds of Facebook users are outside of college.
   )
   - The fastest growing demographic is those 35 years old and older. (
   source )
   - 54.6% of users are female.
   )
   - There are 16.5% less high school users, and 21.7% less college users. (
   source
   )
   - There has been a staggering increase in the number of 55+ users ? with
   total growth of 513.7% in in the last six months alone.
   )
   - Average user has 120 friends on the site
   )
   - More than 5 billion minutes are spent on Facebook each day (worldwide)
   (source )
   - More than 30 million users update their statuses at least once each day
   (source )
   - More than 8 million users become fans of Pages each day
   )
   - Facebook holds 15 billion photos.
   )
   - Facebook users are adding photos at a rate of 1 billion photos a month.
   (source
   )
   - More than 10 million videos uploaded each month
   )
   - More than 1 billion pieces of content (web links, news stories, blog
   posts, notes, photos, etc.) shared each week
   )
   - More than 2.5 million events created each month
   )
   - More than 45 million active user groups exist on the site
   )
   - About 70% of Facebook users are outside the United States
   )
   - Every month, more than 70% of Facebook users engage with Platform
   applications (source )
   - More than 200 applications have more than one million monthly active
   users (source )
   - There are more than 30 million active users currently accessing
   Facebook through their mobile devices.
   )
   - People that use Facebook on their mobile devices are almost 50% more
   active on Facebook than non-mobile users.
   )

@_date: 2009-09-09 11:43:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Most Competitive National Economies 
Switzerland, US, Singapore and Sweden are the most competitive economies in
the world.  Europe dominates the top ten.

@_date: 2009-09-11 11:35:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Alternative regionalism 
*What is the Initiative People?s Agenda for Alternative Regionalisms?*
The initiative People?s Agenda for Alternative Regionalisms, involves
regional alliances such as Hemispheric Social
Alliance(Latin America), Southern
African People?s Solidarity Network- SAPSN  (Southern
Africa), Solidarity for Asian People?s Advocacy ? SAPA
(South East Asia), People?s
SAARC(South Asia) as well as
organisations and networks in Europe, including Transnational
Institute (TNI) , that struggle for ?Another Europe?.
These networks and the organisations part of them, share a strong commitment
on the need to RECLAIM the regions, RECREATE the processes of regional
integration and ADVANCE people-centered regional alternatives.
The People?s Agenda for Alternative Regionalisms is an effort to promote
cross-fertilisation of experiences on regional alternatives among social
movements and civil society organisations from Asia, Africa, Latin America
and Europe and contribute to the understanding of alternative regional
integration as a key strategy to struggle against neoliberal globalisation
to broaden the base among key social actors for political debate and action
around regional integration.
Specifically, it aims to build trans-regional processes to develop the
concept of ?people?s integration?, articulate the development of new
analyses and insights on key regional issues, expose the problems of
neoliberal regional integration and the limits of the export-led integration
model, share and develop joint tactics and strategies for critical
engagement with regional integration processes as well as the development of
people?s alternatives.

@_date: 2009-09-12 12:50:50
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Joi Ito on the (Common) Value of Sharing 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Joi Ito on the (Common) Value
of Sharing via GOOD Main by Eric Steuer on 9/10/09
Joi Ito is the CEO of Creative Commons.
My entrepreneurial life happened when the internet started. And I think
the biggest difference between my entrepreneurial life and the
entrepreneurial life of some other people is the internet is all
about?as David Weinberger would say?small pieces smoothly joined, and
about people doing new things and connecting with each other. And so I
built a bunch of companies on the internet, or using the internet, with
the idea?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to GOOD Main using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-12 13:58:52
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Revisiting The Replicator Analogy: How Infinite 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Revisiting The Replicator
Analogy: How Infinite Goods Create More Jobs via Techdirt by Michael
Masnick on 9/11/09
Recently, in writing about a DRM scheme, I used the analogy of the Star
Trek food replicator to explain why it made no sense to turn infinite
goods, like content, into artificially scarce goods. There was a lot of
back and forth in the comments about the appropriateness of the
analogy, though I still think the basic point stands: it makes no sense
to artificially limit an infinitely available resource. In fact, it
only leads to bad things. However, one of our readers has written up a
fantastic blog post where he tries to present a similar, but much, much
better analogy: A better analogy would be if the replicator only made
tomatoes. You could have as many tomatoes as you wanted, they'd always
be perfect and delicious, and they'd always be free. This would put
tomato farmers out of business. But these tomato farmers could likely
start growing something else instead. And what happens to the rest of
the economy? Pizza and pasta restaurants suddenly find that a major
ingredient in many of their dishes just became free. Now, for the same
dish, they can charge less, or buy higher quality ingredients, or make
more profit. And if you're a really talented cook specializing in
tomatoes? Your skills are now in very high demand.
And there is still a demand for the people who bring the tomatoes from
the replicator to your table. There is still a demand for the person
who stews and cans the tomatoes, or dices and seasons them. And all the
other food items, the ones that aren't in infitnite supply, still need
people to produce, process, and distribute them.
This is what's happening in the music industry, and starting to happen
in the publishing industry. Some parts of the industries are finding
their functions obsolete. Instead of looking at the money they could
save with electronic distribution, and what good use they could put
that money to, the industry is seeking new laws and regulations to
limit the infinite supply so business can continue as usual.
Even if every single song, book, and movie was distributed digitally
for free, there would still be a need for the music, publishing, and
movie industries. There would still be demand for editors, producers,
marketers, and all sorts of other services that these industries have
always provided.
Reasonable people aren't calling for the abolition of the music,
publishing, and movie industries. They're just asking these industries
to look to the future, and stop trying to limit supply to protect
obsolete business models. Read that over a few times. It's about the
best description/analogy of what we've been trying to say here that
I've ever heard.
Permalink | Comments | Email This Story
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Techdirt using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-12 14:00:39
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walmart: No More Paycheck Here's Your Pre-Paid Debit 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Walmart: No More Paycheck
Here's Your Pre-Paid Debit Card [Unbanked] via Consumerist on 9/9/09
Walmart, our nation's largest employer, has eliminated paper paychecks.
Now employees can choose to sign up for direct deposit or have their
wages added to a pre-paid debit card. ABCNews says that only about half
of Walmart's employees use direct deposit ? the rest either prefer a
paper paycheck or, in some cases, don't have a bank account.
 From ABCNews:
Wal-Mart employees will be able to use the cards anywhere that accepts
MasterCard and also be able to get cash from ATMs.
There would be no fee from Wal-Mart or MasterCard ? who is providing
the cards ? for the first ATM withdrawal in a pay period. (Banks could
charge their own fees for using their ATMs.) After that first
withdrawal, each additional one would be $2. Employees can also
purchase something at Wal-Mart or Sam's club stores and get cash-back
above their purchase without any fees. Workers can also get checks to
pay people who don't accept debit cards.
The use of company controlled debit cards brings up some interesting
privacy issues as well. Debit cards leave a paper trail ? do you really
want your employer to know how you spend your money? Walmart says they
don't have access to that data:
"Wal-Mart's Moore said that would not be the case, saying that the
program is "administered by MasterCard and First Data and we won't have
the ability to see that information."
The upside for some employees ? those without a checking account who
were relying on check cashing services ? is that it may actually save
them money. Either way, it will certainly be cheaper for Walmart. The
switch to debit cards will save 257,572 pounds of paper a year.
Wal-Mart to Pay Via Check Cards [WSJ]
Wal-Mart to Staff: Bye-Bye Paycheck, Hello Debit Card [ABCNews]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Consumerist using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-12 19:45:46
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Flipping abundance and scarity 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Flipping abundance and scarity
via Seth's Blog by Seth Godin on 9/12/09
I think it's dangerous and often fatal to put free on top of an
existing business model. Things fall apart.
People look at the free revolution and say, "oh, that could never work.
If I gave x, y or z away for free, I'd fail." They're right. They will
fail... If they keep the model the same and just give away stuff for
The way you win is by reinventing the model itself. So, for example,
lululemon doing giant free yoga classes in New York. The more people
come, the more clothes they'll sell... it'll become a movement. Or
Crossfit, publishing their insane work outs online. The more people do
them, the better the scarce part (private coaching, etc.) does.
We spent a generation believing certain parts of our business needed to
be scarce and that advertising and other interruption should be
abundant. Part of the pitch of free is that when advertising goes away,
you need to make something else abundant in order to gain attention.
Then, and only then, will you be able to sell something that's
naturally scarce.
This is an uncomfortable flip to make, because the stuff you've been
charging for feels like it should be charged for, and the new scarcity
is often difficult to find. But, especially in the digital world, this
is happening, and faster than ever.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Seth's Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-12 20:06:41
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Seth On Freemium, Abundance, and Scarcity 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Seth On Freemium, Abundance,
and Scarcity via A VC by Fred on 9/12/09
Seth Godin has a short but sweet post (the best kind) up on the need to
flip the way you think about free, abundance, and scarcity.
Seth was one of the first people to experiment with free and digital
media and he has been a longstanding inspiration to me in this way of
thinking. During the late 90s, he gave away a number of his books for
free in soft copy before the book was published. In doing so, he built
up a word of mouth phenomenon that drove the sales of the hard cover
when it came out.
Seth has also had a long standing view that interruption based
advertising is costly both in terms of media cost and brand cost. He
believes that there are better ways to get people's attention and that
giving things away for free is among the best of those ways.
This paragraph from his post that I linked to above outlines the basic
We spent a generation believing certain parts of our business needed to
be scarce and that advertising and other interruption should be
abundant. Part of the pitch of free is that when advertising goes away,
you need to make something else abundant in order to gain attention.
Then, and only then, will you be able to sell something that's
naturally scarce.
I like his example of Lululemon's free mass yoga events in Bryant Park.
I bet that does sell a lot of yoga clothes.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to A VC using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-12 20:13:05
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Evidence-based: Web 2.0 in Medicine 
P2P Medicine continues to grow..
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Evidence-based: Web 2.0 in
Medicine via ScienceRoll by berci.mesko at gmail.com (Bertalan Mesk?) on
There are more and more articles published in peer-reviewed journals
that focus on how web 2.0 can be used in medicine:
- [Legal aspects of Web 2.0 in the health field.]
The National Board of Physicians has developed specific ethical
guidelines for web sites devoted to health issues and specifically for
physician-authored content. The National Board of Physicians
acknowledges that physicians can present themselves, their office, and
their specific practice on their web site, notwithstanding any
restrictions otherwise applicable to advertising.
- Knowledge Sharing for Pediatric Pain Management via a Web 2.0
We are using collaborative technologies, in the realm of Web 2.0, to
develop a web-based knowledge sharing medium for fostering a community
of pediatric pain practitioners that engages in collaborative learning
and problem solving. We present the design and use of a web portal
featuring a discussion forum to facilitate experiential knowledge
sharing based on our LINKS knowledge sharing model.
- An Analysis of Personal Medical Information Disclosed in YouTube
Videos Created by Patients with Multiple Sclerosis.
We selected a random sample of 25 out of 769 Multiple Sclerosis
patient-generated videos and analyzed their corresponding 557 comments
for health information. 320 comments met the inclusion criteria and 70
contained personal health information (PHI). Comments with PHI were
sub-characterized for the type of medical information (i.e., diagnosis,
date of diagnosis, medication, among others). In this descriptive
study, we present the strata within this content and postulate some of
the corresponding patient risks and ethical challenges associated with
Patient-Generated Content found in YouTube video comments.
- Web-based resources for peer support ? opportunities and challenges.
Social software and Web 2.0 provides new opportunities for
participation and collaborative knowledge construction in peer support
and self-care to live well despite transient or permanent health
problems. Opportunities include many to many interactions to share and
accumulate knowledge and experiences from several perspectives. We are
conducting a study to create a collaborative environment for peer
support and knowledge construction related to a rare condition.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to ScienceRoll using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-12 20:16:59
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Michael_Geist=E2=80=99s_Summa_Copyrighti?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Michael Geist?s Summa
Copyrightica via Joho the Blog by davidw on 9/12/09
Michael Geist, who has been leading the fight for sane copyright
legislation in Canada, has posted his submission to the Canadian
government advising on the shape of reform. What follows is by no means
a complete summary. For example, I have skipped some recommendations
specific to the proposed Canadian law. And I?m also certainly going to
put many things inadequately. So, read it yourself. Please.
First, why does copyright matter?
For me, copyright matters because I am a professor and my students need
access to copyrighted materials and the freedom to use those materials.
It matters because I am a researcher who needs assurance that as
materials are archived they will not be locked down under digital
rights management. It matters because I am deeply concerned about
privacy and fear that DRM could be harmful to my personal privacy. It
matters because I have created videos and need flexibility in the law
to allow for remix and transformed works and do not want my content
taken down from the Internet based on unproven claims. It matters
because I am a writer and I need certainty of access to speak freely.
It matters because I am a consumer of digital entertainment and I want
the law to reasonably reflect the right to view the content on the
device of my choice. It matters because I am a parent whose children
have only known life with the Internet and I want to ensure that they
experience all the digital world has to offer. It matters because I
live in a city with a strong connection to the digital economy and we
need forward-looking laws to allow the next generation of companies to
thrive. It matters because I am a proud Canadian who wants laws based
not on external political pressure, but rather on the best interest of
millions of Canadians.
Then, ?seven areas of copyright reform.?
1. Expand the ?fair dealing? provision of the proposed Canadian law,
thus expanding what we in the US call fair use. Michael advises against
trying to enumerate all exceptions, but says that if they must be
counted, they should include parody and satire, time shifting, format
shifting, music shifting, and teaching. (I?m surprised that Michael
doesn?t ask for exemptions (or expansions) for scholarly works and
political commentary, but IANAL and I am definitely not a Canadian
2. When it comes to laws preventing the circumvention of anti-copying
mechanisms, ?The experience in the United States, where
anti-circumvention provisions effectively trump fair use rights,
provides the paradigm example of what not do to. It should only be a
violation of the law to circumvent a technological protection measure
(TPM) if the underlying purpose is to infringe copyright.? Also, don?t
ban devices that circumvent if they have non-infringing uses. Also,
create ?authorized circumventers? such as archivists. Also, require
DRM-ers to unlock their content for those who have a right to it.
3. ?Canadian law should include an explicit safe harbour that insulates
intermediaries from liability where they follow a prescribed model that
balances the interests of users and content owners. The ideal Canadian
model would be a ?notice and notice? system that has been used
successfully for many years on an informal basis.?
Also, reject the ?Three strikes? provision. ?Internet access is far too
important to establish a system that would cut off access based on
unproven allegations of infringement.?
4. Expand the right to make backups to all digital consumer products.
And remove the statutory damages that in US bankrupts individual music
sharers, rather than being applied to commercial-scale infringers.
5. Enhance the public domain. Don?t extend the length of copyright even
further, you crazy bastards. [Ok, I'm editorializing here a little.]
Also, eliminate the ?crown copyright? that keeps government works out
of the public domain.
6. Rather than introducing a special exception for education, Michael
recommends ?a more flexible fair dealing provision ? that treats
educators, creators, and all Canadians in an equitable manner.?
7. Prohibit restrictions on ?core protections? that are ?buried beneath
the ?I agree? button.?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Joho the Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-13 06:32:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A joint statement on P2P and post-scarcity 
Franz and Michel:
I read what seems a prelude to a manifesto (and I don't mean that as a bad
thing) with interest.  I agree with much of it.  However, I am conflicted by
too whole-heartedly abandoning abundance theory discussions since so many
seem to hold it as a primary view.  Fragmenting those people into another
stream or movement would not prove productive.  I personally do not hold the
anti-capitalist views of 98% of the community.  Stan might be another with
somewhat similar views to mine on that score...we differ on others.
Abundance discussions will, for a long time, be prominent.  I'd personally
advocate welcoming them, and note your desire to work through contentions to
common grounds.
Otherwise in tone, I strongly agree with what you have here. I personally
doubt there are magical technical fixes looming, but I am from that
worldview as well in some ways.  If technology can help save us, we should
be open to it (not that you are saying otherwise.)

@_date: 2009-09-13 22:34:34
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?It=E2=80=99s_Time_To_Sink_The_Pirate_Bay?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: It?s Time To Sink The Pirate
Bay, and Replace It via TorrentFreak by Ernesto on 9/13/09
Whether or not The Pirate Bay will end up being sold, the ship has
served its purpose and is destined for Davy Jones?s Locker. Luckily for
most BitTorrent fans there are plenty of alternatives.
However, in the current climate where media moguls send their lawyers
after everything that could be used to infringe copyrights, a paradigm
shift might be needed. This is exactly what Piracy Bureau co-founder
and Pirate Bay insider Rasmus Fleischer is hinting at.
?The symbolic value of The Pirate Bay has enabled us to make a
difference in many ways. But there are also problems with it which are
becoming ever more clear. After all, P2P was never meant to have one
single ship as its almighty symbol,? he writes in a recent blog post.
?It?s time to sink the ship and move on,? Rasmus adds, as he links to a
presentation (see below) where he explains how it may live on in a more
decentralized setup. In short he argues that The Pirate Bay will
dissolve, but in its place many ?new TPBs? will return, just without
the familiar domain name and pirate ship logo.
This is very similar to a concept Pirate Bay co-founder Peter Sunde had
in mind for the new Pirate Bay. A decentralized setup through which the
?torrent site? controls only a tiny part of the ?sharing? process.
At the basis of this new scheme are two services that have launched in
recent months, all run by people close to the original Pirate Bay crew.
On the one hand there is the new OpenBitTorrent tracker that does not
have a searchable index of torrents, but is simply used as a standalone
tracker handling communication between peers.
To decentralize even further, friends of The Pirate Bay have launched
the new torrent hosting service Torrage. This new service is open to
other torrent sites and can be accessed through an API. When Torrage
and OpenBitTorrent are combined everyone can run a BitTorrent site of
their own with minimal resources.
There is little doubt that The Pirate Bay as we know it will cease to
exist, but with OpenBitTorrent and Torrage it is easy enough to build
new ones ? and there are already a few promising projects in the
making. You?ll be surprised.
The Pirate Bay is about to dissolve: End of an era?
Article from: TorrentFreak, check out our new blog at FreakBits.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to TorrentFreak using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-15 01:14:58
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Report: Virtual currency No. 1 digital goods purchase 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Report: Virtual currency No. 1
digital goods purchase via Software, Interrupted by Dave Rosenberg on
New research from video game market research firm VGMarket sponsored by
Playspan reveals that gamers are actively making purchases to enhance
their gaming experience, with free-to-play games leading the way to
monetization. Playspan is a provider of monetization and payment
solutions for games and virtual worlds.
Three out of four virtual goods buyers purchased in-game currency in
the last 12 months and spent approximately $50 each. This statistic is
interesting to me as I am always surprised when users buy in to
currency that only works on one site. But, I suppose if it's the only
option then you will eventually give in.
Of further interest in the report is the fact that free-to-play games
may actually be monetizing better than MMOs (massive multiplayer online
games) and social networks.
- 58 percent made purchases in free-to-play (F2P) games over the last
12 months.
- 34 percent made purchases in MMOs.
- 23 percent made purchases in social network games.
- The average respondent is currently playing three online games and 80
percent report buying digital goods for their own use while 20 percent
said they purchase for gifts.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Software, Interrupted using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-15 13:41:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] MacArthur Fellow to discuss reducing personal carbon 
Join us for this free, live webcast:
*** O'Reilly Radar Global Issues Webcast Series: Energy Literacy -
Understand, track, and reduce your energy consumption ***
Presented by Dr. Saul Griffith, MacArthur Fellow, Wattzon.org and Makani
The world has known, calculable amounts of energy are available. In this
webcast, we'll take a science look (physics and chemistry based) at all of
the earth's energy resources, both stored (nuclear and fossil fuels) as well
as renewable (solar, wind, wave, geothermal, tidal, wave, photosynthetic).
Looking at the sizes of each of these resources and comparing them to
humanity's energy consumption is far from depressing. Although humanity uses
a lot of energy, there are very large sources of non-carbon producing energy
that can be tapped to meet our needs.
If we are to make a big change in the way energy is produced and consumed we
need an "Energy Literacy" that gives people a tangible sense of their energy
consumption, and of what it takes to meet that. This talk aims to inspire
people that the problem is solvable with rational, data-driven development
of the appropriate technologies, both in clean energy generation and in
energy conservation. It aims to inject a rational perspective on the energy
debate by showing the real numbers and potential of various energy sources
to contribute to a balanced future energy supply.
Attendance is limited, so register now. We'll send you a reminder before the
webcast. And please feel free to share this invitation with others.
Price: Free
Duration: Approximately 60 minutes
To register:
Questions? Please send email to webcast at oreilly.com
You may also want to register for the second webcast in this series, taking
place October 15 at 10am PT. Professor Per F. Peterson, Chair of the
Department of Nuclear Engineering at the University of California, Berkeley,
presents Nuclear Energy: Future Directions:
About Saul Griffith
Dr. Saul Griffith has multiple degrees in materials science and mechanical
engineering and completed his PhD in Programmable Assembly and Self
Replicating machines at MIT. He is the co-founder of numerous companies
including: Low Cost Eyeglasses, Squid Labs, Potenco, Instructables.com,
HowToons, Makani Power, and WattzOn, a free online tool to quantify, track,
compare and understand the total amount of energy needed to support all of
the facets of your lifestyle.
Saul has been awarded numerous awards for invention including the National
Inventors Hall of Fame, Collegiate Inventor's award, and the Lemelson-MIT
Student prize. In 2007 he received a MacArthur Foundation "Genius Grant." A
large focus of Saul's research efforts are in minimum and constrained energy
surfaces for novel manufacturing techniques and other applications. Saul
holds multiple patents and patents pending in textiles, optics,
nanotechnology, and energy production. Saul co-authors children's comic
books called "HowToons" about building your own science and engineering
gadgets with Nick Dragotta and Joost Bonsen. Saul is a technical advisor to
Make magazine and Popular Mechanics. Saul is a columnist and contributor to
Make and Craft magazines.

@_date: 2009-09-15 15:36:28
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Blog on the future of money... 
Interesting blog...interesting article...
 The Monetary Future An intersection of free banking and nonpolitical digital currency

@_date: 2009-09-15 23:40:30
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Kitegen Update 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Kitegen Update via Next Big
Future by bw on 9/14/09
Popular Science's most recent magazine (on newstands Sept ,2009) has a
brief two paragraphs which indicate that Kitegen is building a 3
megawatt system with 1500 square foot kite sail. This is scheduled to
be completed in 2011. This is 75 times larger power than a 40 kilowatt
demo system that was produced.
?max power: 40 kW
?lines length: 1000 m
?kite area: up to 20 m^2
The new system will have
?max power: 3000 kW
?longer lines
?kite area: up to 150 m^2
About 5 months ago, this site noted that kitegen had gotten funding for
larger project work and the developers indicated in the comments and
email that the funds had not been dispersed at that time.
Here is a 39 page presentation from May 2009 by Mario Milanese on
OTHER HIGH ALTITUDE WIND PROJECTS
* Sky WindPower, S. Diego
* MagennPower, Ottawa
* Laddermill, Delft University
The winds in high-altitude jet streams hold roughly 100 times more
energy than all the electricity being consumed on Earth, according to a
study by Stanford environmental and climate scientists Cristina Archer
and Ken Caldeira.
High-altitude winds hold a huge energy potential waiting to be
harnessed. ?If you tapped into 1 percent of the power in high-altitude
winds, that would be enough to continuously power all civilization,?
Caldeira said. In comparison, similar solar cells would cover roughly
100 times more area than a high-altitude wind turbine, he said.
Archer and Caldeira found the highest wind densities over Japan,
eastern China, the eastern coast of the United States, southern
Australia and northeastern Africa. Included in the analysis were
assessments of wind energy above the world?s five largest cities:
Tokyo, New York, S?o Paulo, Seoul and Mexico City. ?New York ? has the
highest average high-altitude wind power density of any U.S. city,?
Archer said.
In order to capture the energy in these jet streams, manufacturers are
developing a variety of kite turbines that convert kinetic energy in
wind to electricity. Manufacturer Sky WindPower designed a model
consisting of a single tethered kite of four connected turbines, each
with spinning rotors. The kite transfers the electricity back to a hub
on the ground through its tether.
Another model, being developed by Kite Gen, looks like a rotating
carousel, based on the ground, with several kites tethered to it. Each
kite?s flight pattern is controlled from the ground to capture the most
wind, and as the kites circle in the air, they catch the wind and tug
on their tethers. The tension triggers a pulley system that converts
the energy of motion to electricity.
Though sky-high currents offer huge potential, kite fliers face the
challenge of a fluctuating wind. ?While the winds at high altitude are
much more consistent than the winds at the surface, they?re still not
consistent enough,? Caldeira said. For example, if you flew a kite
turbine in your backyard to power a house, at some times the wind would
blow and at other times, it wouldn?t, he said. As a result, there would
be gaps in the flow of electricity.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Next Big Future using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-16 00:20:36
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Stop_Giving_the_Newspapers_Your_Advice_-?= 
Exactly right...newspapers die because they are...not P2P.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Stop Giving the Newspapers Your
Advice - They Don?t Need It via O'Reilly Radar - Insight, analysis, and
research about emerging technologies. by Joshua-Mich?le Ross on 9/15/09
Speculation about the demise of the news business and advice about what
they should do about it is everywhere. It makes for great,
self-congratulatory sport but it won?t help the news industry.
Because the news industry doesn?t suffer from a shortage of ideas or
possible revenue models, it suffers from a different but more acute
malady: being an institution during a time of disruptive change.
While we have all been busy telling the newspaper institution what they
should do differently we have missed one big point: Institutions are
structured to precisely NOT do much of anything different.
The number one thing that ails newspapers? 70% of all costs lie in
physical distribution and printing while readership and revenues have
dramatically moved away from paper. This leads to a simple-minded but
commonsense conclusion (and my superfluous piece of advice): maximize
your online presence, build your online community, concentrate on
journalistic talent, and jettison all costs associated with print; stop
the presses.
Even if I you think I am wrong, just play along with me for a moment
and, for the purpose of this exercise, assume I am right. If you can?t
go that far substitute your own radical therapy (you know you have
one!) in place of mine and answer the next question. Which major
newspaper could have gone to its board anytime before 2009 and
successfully proposed such a radical solution? The answer if you have
ever worked in a large, ?institutionalized? organization is zero. The
scenario is so horrific, involves pains so great, outcomes so unknown
and certain near-term revenue loss such that no institutional body
would be capable of acting on it - much less restructuring around so
medieval a remedy.
The failure of newspapers is not a failure of imagination or foresight
nor is it a failure of individuals. This kind of failure is the
hallmark of all institutions in the face of tectonic disruption.
Institutions are a set of agreements that perpetuate a social order
beyond individual intention or tenure. Changing those agreements is
costly and time-consuming. So when the rate of change accelerates
beyond the institution?s adaptive capacity - extinction follows.
The question is not ?what should newspapers do?? but ?how can a large
institution effectively organize in response to disruptive change??
Taken thus, it is not only the fundamental question to ask of
newspapers - but to ask of ourselves in relation to a host of
big-ticket game-changers such as peak oil, environmental collapse and
climate change that simultaneously require and defy our capacity for
institutional response.
The stakes are much bigger than news. Let?s put our mind to that
question instead of making more to-do lists. From the Radar audience I
would like to ask for historical examples of institutions that have
effectively responded to disruption? What are the lessons that we can
draw from them?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to O'Reilly Radar - Insight, analysis, and research about
emerging technologies. using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-16 19:38:38
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Converber Converts Hundreds of Units of Measurement 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Converber Converts Hundreds of
Units of Measurement [Downloads] via Lifehacker by Jason Fitzpatrick on
Windows: Whether you need to perform a conversion of a common unit of
measurement or an obscure one, Converber should have you covered.
Converber is a portable conversion tool with the ability to convert
hundreds of units of measurement.
Converber's library of units has more than 300 entries in 22 categories
including acceleration, electric current, flow, volume, and more. On
the off chance that there is a conversion not accounted for, adding it
is as simple as opening up the built-in conversion editor and adding it
to the collection.
You can par down the list to a more manageable volume by setting up
favorites for frequently used conversion or simply telling Converber to
only show you commonly used conversions. Converber is freeware,
portable, and Windows only.
Converber [via Portable Freeware]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Lifehacker using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-18 20:51:16
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Jimmy Wales on the (Encyclopedic) Value of Sharing 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Jimmy Wales on the
(Encyclopedic) Value of Sharing via GOOD Main by Eric Steuer on 9/17/09
Jimmy Wales is the founder of Wikipedia.
I had been watching the growth of the free and open source software
movements for a few years, and I was thinking about people coming
together and collaborating. What was really making that world possible
is that people devised these licenses that allow, for example,
programmers to share their work with other programmers, who could copy
it, redistribute it, and modify it. This licensing method took away a
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to GOOD Main using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-19 08:46:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cybernetics the missing piece for partnership 
Actually somewhat surprised we don't have more "deep environmentalists" here
who believe more strongly in animal rights, etc.  That is, animals can't be
yours or mine.  Is the ideal property state such that personal relationships
to animals, people and children should dissolve?

@_date: 2009-09-19 21:25:14
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Marx, theoretician of anarchism 
Marx as anarchist...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Marx, theoretician of anarchism
via Spaces of Hope by arminius on 9/19/09
[Maximilien Rubel's 1973 article highlighting the libertarian elements
within Marx's work and its importance to anarchism, regardless of
Marx's lengthy critiques of famous anarchist theoreticians.]
Marx has been badly served by disciples who have succeeded neither in
assessing the limits of his theory nor in determining its standards and
field of application and has ended up by taking on the role of some
mythical giant, a symbol of the omniscience and omnipotence of homo
faber, maker of his own destiny.
The history of the School remains to be written, but at least we know
how it came into being: Marxism, as the codification of a misunderstood
and misinterpreted body of thought, was born and developed at a time
when Marx?s work was not yet available in its entirely and when
important parts of it remained unpublished. Thus, the triumph of
Marxism as a State doctrine and Party ideology preceded by several
decades the publication of the writings where Marx set out most clearly
and completely the scientific basis and ethical purpose of his social
theory. That great upheavals took place which invoked a body of thought
whose major principles were unknown to the protagonists in the drama of
history should have been enough to show that Marxism was the greatest,
if not the most tragic, misunderstanding of the century. But at the
same time this allows us to appreciate the significance of the theory
held by Marx that it is not revolutionary ideas or moral principles
which bring about changes in society, but rather human and material
forces; that ideas and ideologies very often serve only to disguise the
interest of the class in whose interests the upheavals take place.
Political Marxism cannot appeal to Marx?s science and at the same time
escape the critical analysis which that science uses to unmask the
ideologies of power and exploitation.
Marxism as the ideology of a master class has succeeded in emptying the
concepts of socialism and communism, as Marx and his forerunners
understood them, of their original meaning and has replaced it with the
picture of a reality which is its complete negation. Although closely
linked to the other two, a third concept ? anarchism ? seems however to
have escaped this fate of becoming a mystification. But while people
know that Marx had very little sympathy for certain anarchists, it is
not so generally known that despite this he still shared the anarchist
ideal and objectives: the disappearance of the State. It is therefore
pertinent to recall that in embracing the cause of working class
emancipation, Marx started off in the anarchist tradition rather than
in that of socialism or communism; and that, when finally he chose to
call himself a ?communist,? for him this term did not refer to one of
the communist currents which then existed, but rather to a movement of
thought and mode of action which had yet to be founded by gathering
together all the revolutionary elements which had been inherited from
existing doctrines and from the experience of past struggles.
In the reflections which follow we will try to show that, under the
name communism, Marx developed a theory of anarchism; and further, that
in fact it was he who was the first to provide a rational basis for the
anarchist utopia and to put forward a project for achieving it. In view
of the limited scope of the present essay we will only put this forward
as an item for discussion. Proof by means of quotations will be reduced
to a minimum so as to better bring out the central argument: Marx
theoretician of anarchism.
When in Paris in February 1845, on the eve of his departure for exile
in Brussels, Marx signed a contract with a German publisher he
committed himself to supplying in a few months a work in two volumes
entitled ?A Critique of Politics and Political Economy? without
suspecting that he had imposed on himself a task which would take up
his while life and of which he would be able to carry out only a
largish fragment.
The choice of subject was no accident. Having given up all hope of a
university career, Marx had carried over into his political journalism
the results of his philosophical studies. His articles in the
Rheinische Zeitung of Cologne led the fight for freedom of the press in
Prussia in the name of a liberty which he conceived of as the essence
of Man and as the attire of human nature; but also in the name of a
State understood as the realisation of rational freedom, as ?the great
organism, in which legal, moral, and political freedom must be
realised, and in which the individual citizen in obeying the laws of
the state only obeys the natural laws of his own reason, of human
reason.?[1] But the Prussian censorship soon silenced the
philosopher-journalist. Marx, in the solicitude of a study retreat, did
not take long to ask himself about the real nature of the State and
about the rational and ethical validity of Hegel?s political
philosophy. We know what was the fruit of this meditation enriched by
the study of the history of the bourgeois revolutions in France, Great
Britain and the United States: apart from an incomplete and unpublished
work, The Critique of Hegel?s Philosophy of the State (1843), two
polemical essays, Introduction to the Critique of Hegel?s Philosophy of
Right and On the Jewish Question (Paris, 1844). These two writings in
fact form a single manifesto in which Marx identifies once and for all
and condemns unreservedly the social institutions ? the State and Money
? which he saw as at the origin of the evils and defects from which
modern society suffered and would go on suffering until a new social
revolution came to abolish them. At the same time Marx praised the
force ? the modern proletariat ? which, after having been the main
victim of these two institutions, was going to put an end to their
reign as well as to every other form of class domination, political and
economic. The self-emancipation of the proletariat would be the
complete emancipation of humanity; after the total loss of humanity the
total victory of the human.
In the intellectual development of Marx the rejection of the State and
Money and the affirmation that the proletariat was a liberating class
came before his studies of political economy; they preceded also his
discovery of the materialist conception of history, the ?guiding line?
which directed his later historical researches. His break with Hegel?s
philosophy of law and politics on the one hand and his critical study
of bourgeois revolutions on the other allowed him to establish clearly
the ethical postulates of his future social theory for which the
scientific basis was to be provided by the critique of political
economy. Having understood the revolutionary role of democracy and
legislative power in the genesis of the bourgeois State and
governmental power, Marx made use of the illuminating analysis of two
shrewd observers of the revolutionary possibilities of American
democracy, Alexis de Tocqueville and Thomas Hamilton, to lay down a
rational basis for an anarchist utopia as the conscious aim of the
revolutionary movement of the class which his master Saint Simon had
called ?the most numerous and most poor.? Since the critique of the
State led him to envisage the possibility of a society free from all
political authority, he had to go on to make a critique of the economic
system which ensured the material basis of the State. The ethical
rejection of money also implied an analysis of political economy, the
science of the enrichment of some and of the impoverishment of others.
Later he was to describe the research he was about to begin on the
?anatomy of bourgeois society? and it was by engaging in this work of
social anatomy that he was to work out his methodology. Later the
rediscovery of the Hegelian dialectic would help him to establish the
plan of the ?Economy? under six ?headings? or ?books?: Capital, Landed
Property, Wage Labour; The State, Foreign Trade, World Market (see
Preface to the Critique of Political Economy, 1859). In fact, this
double ?triad? of items for research corresponds to the two problems
which he had proposed to deal with fourteen years previously in the
work which was to contain a critique of both political economy and
politics. Marx began his work with the critical analysis of the
capitalist mode of production, but he hoped to live and work long
enough not only to complete this but also, once he had completed the
first triad of headings, to begin on the second triad which would thus
have found the Book on the State.[2] The theory of anarchism would thus
have found in Marx its first recognised exponent without there being
any need to prove this indirectly. The misunderstanding of the century
of Marxism as an ideology of the State was the result of the fact that
Marx never wrote this book. It was this which has allowed the masters
of a State apparatus labelled socialist to include Marx among the
proponents of State socialism or communism, indeed even of
?authoritarian? socialism.
Certainly, like every revolutionary teaching, that of Marx is not free
from ambiguities. It is by cleverly exploiting these ambiguities and by
referring to certain personal attitudes of the master that some of his
unscrupulous disciples have succeeded in putting his work at the
service of doctrines and actions which represent, in relation to both
its basic truth and its declared objective, its complete negation. At a
time when many decades of regression in human relations have called
into question all theories, values, systems and projects, it is
important to gather together the intellectual heritage of an author
who, aware of the limits of his research, made the call for critical
self-education and revolutionary self-emancipation the permanent
principle of the workers? movement. It is not up to posterity burdened
with overwhelming responsibilities to judge a man who can no longer
plead his cause; but on the other hand it is our duty to take up a
teaching which was completely oriented towards the future, a future
which certainly became our catastrophic present but which mostly still
remains to be created.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Spaces of Hope using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-20 13:31:07
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] If learning was free 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: If learning was free via Harold
Jarche by Harold Jarche on 9/20/09
Writing If TV Ads for Free, Seth Godin looks at the business and says
that the reason there was so much talk about advertising instead of
just doing it was because TV ads are expensive. Not all ideas could
make it to the broadcast medium. However, with web social media, the
cost is minimal with few barriers to entry:
You guessed it: new media is largely free. So why teach it in school as
if it were a scary theory? Why encourage people to be afraid? Just do
it. Build your own platform. Appear in the places that seem productive
or interesting or challenging or fun. Experiment quietly, figure out
what works, do it more. No need to be a dilettante, and certainly you
shouldn?t spread yourself too thin or quit at the first sign of
failure? but? quit waiting for the right answer.
Anybody see a parallel here with instructional systems design or
curriculum development? These processes take time and money and once
the investment is made, nobody wants to do it again. Web media can be
created quickly and, if designed in an open manner, can change
according to the needs of learners and facilitators. For instance, we
developed the Work Literacy site in about a week and at no cost. It was
added to and modified by the participants. Everyone was an unpaid
volunteer. Total cost: zero.
Design is a craft and takes practice and so does instructional media
design. Now you can practice these for free. With the web, learning is
free; ?quit waiting for the right answer?.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Harold Jarche using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-21 15:58:48
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google Wave:  You need to pay attention to this. 
Very good discussion of Wave and its implications...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Google Wave: You need to pay
attention to this. via JasonKolb.com by jason+PODCAST at jasonkolb.com
(Jason Kolb) on 9/16/09
So here's the deal with Wave: If you deal in technology, and you get
this one wrong, you'll miss the boat. And it's a big boat. If, on the
other hand, you get this one right, you have the potential to do some
incredible innovation.
In a nutshell, this is the next revolutionary leap in Internet
application architecture. Maybe the first truly revolutionary leap
since HTTP itself.
I've been wanting to write this post for a while, but first I wanted to
read fully thru and digest the specs and available code. I haven't done
any posts about XMPP for quite a while, but you're going to start
hearing a whole lot about it, and not just from me.
What is it?Ok so what exactly Google Wave is can be confusing, because
there are three parts: the protocol, the server, and the client. A lot
of people are really going to miss the boat here if they don't keep the
distinction between the three in mind, because I see a lot of people
focusing on the wrong parts.The Protocol
At its core, Wave is an extension to the XMPP protocol. This is the
REALLY important part. Here I'll back up for a moment for a little
background on XMPP.
XMPP is a protocol which describes communication. It models
communication between two nodes on a network.
Now, communication can take many forms, and XMPP accommodates many of
them. It also supports different types of conversations: presence,
notifications, subscriptions, back-and-forth--these are all modeled by
XMPP. And it supports a wide variety of communication TYPES as well:
video, audio, text, and so on.
I hear people mistakenly talking about Wave as immature or new
technology. It's not. XMPP has been around since 1998, being developed
and actively worked on for almost 12 years now. It's been approved by
the IETF since 2004.
Although it's been mostly used for chat, that's only the tip of the
iceberg when you dig into this protocol. I'm still pretty flabbergasted
that this protocol hasn't been used more than it has, and I'm excited
to see somebody finally tapping into its potential.
I'll touch on what Google has brought to the table with the protocol in
a minute, but suffice to say that if Wave takes off as I hope it will,
the full power of the XMPP protocol will finally be available as a core
piece of application architecture. This is the real game-changer here,
and what you need to be thinking about.The ServerThe server (a "wave
provider") is a modified Openfire XMPP server that understands the Wave
protocol extensions. Openfire has been around for a while too.
While wave providers are used for storing and server XMPP content in
Google's implementation, there is a lot of potential in turning
existing applications into wave providers as well. Any existing
server-based content can be used as the basis for a wave, so just about
any application out there right now has the potential to extend its
existing functionality by offering its contents as waves.The ClientOk,
this is probably what you've seen videos of. It's a wave client because
it speaks wave protocol to wave providers.
What Google has done is develop the first really full-featured XMPP
client, which also uses some of their new XMPP extensions to facilitate
things like character-by-character updates. They've developed an
incredibly sexy client, and I'm glad about it, because a sexy client
like is what's required to sell an innovation this large to both the
mass market AND the technical community.What Google has done,
exactly?So what exactly has Google done to the XMPP protocol?
A couple of things:
- It recognizes a conversation as data, and stores the data in a
persistent way that can be easily referenced over time. Conversation
storage and persistence is a huge gaping hole in enterprises right now,
which you'll nod your head in agreement with if you've ever scoured a
wiki for information or cleaned out your inbox because it got too big.
- It makes XMPP conversations secure and scalable. By building in
synchronization protocols, conversations can take place distributed
across the network instead of at specific central servers (which is how
wikis, blogs, and microblogs operate).
- It describes a way to replicate content over a large network so that
it's available on a wide scale while still being fast and synchronized.
Data replication on a global (but as-needed) scale, very cool.
- It integrates a very simple and elegant security model which operates
on an as-needed basis. I've blogged about this in more detail before
here. These were some needed additions to XMPP, and really describe
some of the peer-to-peer operations that I've been looking for for a
long time.Why is this so interesting?XMPP. In case you haven't noticed,
I'm a big fan.
XMPP is so versatile that if it becomes widely adopted it will be to
the Internet what HTTP was: a platform for new types of applications.
And where HTTP as a platform is a server-centric model, XMPP is capable
of peer-to-peer communication.
Remember what happened when everyone got HTTP clients (they're called
browsers :) ? The Internet exploded. Well, if everyone gets a
full-fledged XMPP client I think you can expect roughly the same thing
to happen.
One of the most fascinating features of XMPP is the way things are
addressed. EVERYTHING is addressable over the network. You can talk
directly to ANYTHING, and ANYONE. I can't stress how big of a shift
that would be from the current model. It's HUGE. I wrote a whole series
of posts on this a few years ago, and it's just as exciting now as it
was then.
Let's take a step back and think about this for a second. I'll probably
do another post just on the addressing scheme at some point because
it's so key, but it's worth a brief recap.
- Right now I cannot send text directly to your instant message account
(unless you're using an XMPP-based client), I have to send the message
to your IM server which relays the message to you.
- I cannot send audio directly to your phone, the phone company has to
route it there.
- I cannot share a picture directly with your Facebook account, I have
to sent it to Facebook first to be carried on to you.
- I can't send a file directly to you, I have to put it on a share or
email it to you. (Not to mention the fact that these are all
disconnected, you can't combine these into a single message stream.
XMPP addresses that problem very nicely, as the wave client shows.)
XMPP removes these intermediaries from the network. Social networks and
proprietary transports no longer have an exclusive license to deliver
content, the clients talk directly to one another.
Do you see the difference? There are no longer social networks or any
other type of networks required to relay the communication, we are now
down to exactly 3 components:
- Clients
- Storage
- Applications Of course there is always the underlying dumb pipes that
transport the data, but from a functional perspective the network has
been normalized out of importance.
Clients can be whatever we need them to be. It can be the Google wave
client, it can be your phone, it can be a desktop app. These will
evolve over time, but the Google client is a fantastic starting point,
certainly light years ahead of anything else that's available today.
Storage becomes a utility, something you pay for as you go. I already
use this model myself for backups, I shoot them up to the Amazon cloud
and pay for the amount I use. As time goes on my communication--audio,
video, pictures, text--will be stored there as well, and I'll use it in
my waves as needed. (Note that waves do NOT embed this content, they
link to it and the client downloads and renders it in place.)
And the applications. This is really exciting, because just about every
application in existence will be transformed by this quantum shift in
the network topology. Applications now interact with your client and
provide input to your communication stream, and output to your storage.
They will become a facet of your communication, not a completely
disconnected activity. You will communicate with apps much in the same
way that you communicate with people, and they will communicate with
Take CRM and ERP systems for example. Instead of customers emailing you
about a sale and then sending purchase orders, it will be part of
the "sale wave". The entire sale, from start to finish, will be
encapsulated in a single wave, bringing individuals in and out of the
conversation as need. The ERP and CRM platforms themselves will be
participants in this conversation, recognizing the purchase order,
executing the workflow, processing the order, making the order details
available to manufacturing or delivery in a sub-wave, and then making
the receipt available to the customer and the sales team. Your CRM
Whether you approve the purchase order from your desktop, your phone,
or a point of sale device, makes no difference--they can all be
directly addressed and participate in the conversation natively.
That's just one example off the top of my head, but I truly believe
that every software application in existence will eventually need to be
re-architected to be much less application-centric and much more
The Bottom LineThis is no longer pie-in-the-sky stuff like it was when
I was first writing about it.
I have seen nothing else out there that rivals the XMPP/Wave protocol
for the sheer richness of the conversation that's possible, not to
mention the fact that it can easily turn into a bona-fide platform for
next-generation applications.
The danger, then, is that you ignore this and it takes off. You and
your application will be shut out of this rich, real-time collaborative
stream of communication. You can, of course, tack integration on later,
but the real benefit here is to the application that incorporates these
concepts into its core architecture. I can look at just about any
application out there and think of tons of potential applications for
this technology.
This is the type of revolutionary advance that is required to lift
productivity and open brand new possibilities to the extent necessary
to revive the economy, which is pretty exciting. If this post sounds
like I'm breathlessly waiting for this technology to take off, it's
because I am, and I have been for about 3 years now. Here's hoping
Google succeeds.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to JasonKolb.com using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-21 16:28:18
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bowery Bicycles: 100% Locally Made 
Bikes and local sourcing...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Bowery Bicycles: 100% Locally
Made via PSFK on 9/21/09
Currently, two of the biggest trends of the year have been bikes and
local sourcing. Combining the two is NYC's Bowery Bicycles, who weld,
paint, assemble, pack and ship all their wares in and from Brooklyn, NY.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to PSFK using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-21 16:28:18
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bowery Bicycles: 100% Locally Made 
Bikes and local sourcing...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Bowery Bicycles: 100% Locally
Made via PSFK on 9/21/09
Currently, two of the biggest trends of the year have been bikes and
local sourcing. Combining the two is NYC's Bowery Bicycles, who weld,
paint, assemble, pack and ship all their wares in and from Brooklyn, NY.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to PSFK using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-21 19:23:46
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Help_John_Grant_Edit_His_New_Book_?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Help John Grant Edit His New
Book ?Co-Opportunity? [Part 5] via PSFK on 9/21/09
This is an extract from the draft John Grant?s new book Co-opportunity,
contracted for publication with John Wiley & Sons Limited, January
2010. This extract is section 5. - Abundance.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to PSFK using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-22 12:40:58
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Odd economic indicators 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Odd economic indicators via
Boing Boing by Cory Doctorow on 9/21/09
Jason Kottke has assembled a nice little list of odd economic
indicators, from the number of classified romance ads placed by married
people looking for affairs to the number of filming permits filed for
the LA 2nd Street Tunnel to the reinstatement of a blouse-and-underwear
allowance at a swank lawfirm in London: Inevitably dubbed the "90
nicker knicker allowance", this may or may not be the most reliable
indicator yet that the credit crunch is over. (Business is apparently
so hectic that the firm has also installed sleeping pods.) The baked
bean index and other economic indicators
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Boing Boing using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-22 20:56:50
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Crowdsourced Health Research 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Crowdsourced Health Research
via ScienceRoll by berci.mesko at gmail.com (Bertalan Mesk?) on 9/22/09
CureTogether just reported that they revealed a link between
self-reported infertility and asthma:
Patients at CureTogether who report infertility are 1.9x more likely to
report having asthma than patients who don?t report infertility.
This comes from an analysis of 324 patients. Within the 34 people
reporting infertility, 13 (38%) reported having asthma (the remaining
21 out of 34 specifically said they did NOT have asthma). Within the
290 people reporting ?no infertility?, 58 (20%) reported having asthma
(the remaining 232 specifically reported NOT having asthma).
This 38% vs. 20% relative risk is statistically significant, with a 95%
confidence interval of 1.2 ? 3.1.
While I think crowdsourced health research is really something that we
will use more and more often in the future, I believe we have to
interpret these results with caution. The number of patients they
analyzed seems to be low. In such small populations, we could find very
strange associations only because of the statistically low number of
There was a research in which they analyzed 491,000 women and compared
fertility rates between women with asthma and without asthma. They
found no evidence of association.
The authors found no evidence that the fertility rates of women with
asthma, eczema, or hay fever are lower than those of women in the
general population.
I?m sure Curetogether will improve this and come up with other results
as well.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to ScienceRoll using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-23 00:32:30
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Gold Skim Stone & Holster 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Gold Skim Stone & Holster via
PSFK on 9/22/09
Dominic Wilcox investigates and plays with the idea of value and luxury
by taking one of the few free and abundant pleasures in life and making
it exclusive, unique and precious.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to PSFK using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-23 11:21:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: "Networking in Everyday Life" - information 
On information overload:
My own path is to consider it all as a wash.  Just as I do not expect to use
every drop in a shower, I cannot catch all the information flowing to me.
Some I use in detail.  Some is used in a way--giving me a sense of
temperature and wetness--but is mostly wasted.  Little is stored.  It is a
stream.  A renewal.  Over time our filters expand to latch onto that which
is a bridge between our interests.

@_date: 2009-09-25 13:26:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: - Film : SILENCE, 
I am no expert on this topic, but I do know that a fair number (at least
3-4) of the major physician bloggers (e.g. Chad Orzel) are very vocal in
attacking anti-vaccine arguments and characterize them as essentially
equivalent to parents not seeking medical aid for their children.  I do not
have strong feelings on this one, but I am aware of the argument for those
who wish to dig deeper.  It is a frequently blog topic on several science

@_date: 2009-09-25 19:27:34
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is There a Massive Deep Bioshpere That Preceded Life 
Is "fossil fuel" bad science?
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Is There a Massive Deep
Bioshpere That Preceded Life on Earth's Surface? World's Leading Expert
Says "Yes" via The Daily Galaxy: Great Discoveries Channel by Casey
Kazan Daily Galaxy Editorial Staff on 9/24/09
"No scientific subject holds more surprises for us than biology."
Freeman Dyson -Institute for Advanced Studies, Princeton
Cornell University Professor Emeritus Thomas Gold, who for 20 years
directed the Cornell Center for Radiophysics and Space Research,
proposes the striking and controversial theory that "a full functioning
ecosystem feeding on hydrocarbons, exists deep within the earth, and
that a primordial source of hydrocarbons lies even deeper." Gold
believes that the microbes predate all of the planet's other life
forms, existing even before photosynthesis became the preferred
life-giving form.
Gold, a world-renowned physicist and author of The Deep Hot : The Myth
of Fossil Fuels, belives that oil and natural gas hydrocarbons are not
biological in origin and are found not only in the shallow crust of the
earth but also at greater depths. He maintains that hydrocarbons,
especially methane, were an important constituent of the earth when it
was formed and are widely distributed in depth. These deep hydrocarbon
deposits continuously replenish the shallower deposits.
If Gold's controversial theory is true, then even the term "fossil
fuels" would have to be dropped. Gold contends that petroleum is
promordial and currently supports biological activity in the Earth and
is not the converted remains of ancient life after a few million years
of decomposition. In addition, these theories explain the presence of
compostion of mineral enriched earth and a few other mysteries such as
the presence of helium which has been so far unexplained by
conventional ideas.
As Gold points out, so far no one has ever been able to come up with
the chemical reactions needed to form petroleum from decaying organic
Analysis of thermal vents in the deep ocean and cold petroleum seepages
on the shallower ocean floor has revealed forms of bacteria that rely
on hydrocarbons such as methane and ethane, for food. These bacteria,
of the Archaea domain, thrive at temperatures as high as 100-150
degrees C and do not depend on photosynthesis. The genomes of Archaea
suggest they developed very early in the evolution of life. Gold
concluded that Archaea probably developed deep underground, rather than
on or near the surface, reflecting his choice of the book's title. In
consuming methane, the Archaea produced carbon dioxide and water which
also migrated to the surface and were added to the atmosphere. Water in
the liquid state became more plentiful.
Most scientists think the oil we drill for comes from decomposed
prehistoric plants. Gold believes it has been there since the earth's
formation, that it supports its own ecosystem far underground and that
life there preceded life on the earth's surface.
The "deep hot " hypothesis would explain the thermophiles, the minerals
and the oil Swedish drillers found in 1990 under rock where no one
expected them. The hot goo and massed gas far under our feet would also
explain some mysterious historical earthquakes (notably the New Madrid,
Mo., shocker of 1811), and it would tell puzzled geologists why so many
oil reserves just happen to sit underneath coal fields.
If Gold is correct, the planet's oil reserves are far larger than
status quo policymakers expect, and earthquake-prediction procedures
require a shakeup; moreover, astronomers seraching for extraterrestrial
contacts might want to shift from seeking life on other planets and
inquire about life deep inside them.
Posted by Casey Kazan.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Daily Galaxy: Great Discoveries Channel using Google
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-26 07:37:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: - Film : SILENCE, 
Hi Michel,
Respectful Insolence is a major pro-vaccine site...and compelling (at least
to me)...it is sometimes called "Orac"
The whole scienceblogs community is very pro-vaccine and they have great fun
lampooning the Hollywood types who often come out linking vaccines to
autism, etc.
I have great respect for Sepp and reasonable people can disagree, but the
science community...the academics, practitioners and researchers all, seem
very vocal and agitated to be pro-vaccine.  They have repeatedly debunked
claims against vaccines...and there are literally hundreds of studies.  No
compelling evidence to date I know of against standard vaccines.
As I said, it is a topic with a great deal of sources...as I see them, I'll
begin to refer them here so chains can begin.
I'd consider it to be far less contraversial than, say, nuclear power, where
I have learned a lot from following both sides in association from comments
and passions of people here.  I am still pro-nuclear, but much less so than
I was a year ago.  Maybe there is room on vaccines for moving people one way
or the other.
If people are unwilling to consider contras, debate becomes meaningless.
Sadly, the US political system is often in that mode now...ideology against
ideology or...ideology against fact-based...depending on one's point of

@_date: 2009-09-26 12:50:07
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More crappy flu journalism, 
The ultimate p2p story...flu.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: More crappy flu journalism, this
time Alternet [rant alert!] [Effect Measure] via ScienceBlogs :
Combined Feed by revere none at example.com on 9/26/09
I'm afraid I have to complain about crappy journalism again. AlterNet
is an online newsmagazine I quite like. We've been linked by them
numerous times and know their influence. Sometimes, though, some very
smart writers write some very dumb things, even if they do it in a
smart way. Alas, Joshua Holland has done it today on the front page of
Alternet.org with a supremely wrongheaded story about why you don't
have to be scared shitless about swine flu. We agree with that bottom
line, but how he got there is the problem (that and the fact that he
doesn't understand much about influenza).
Read the rest of this post... | Read the comments on this post...
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to ScienceBlogs : Combined Feed using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-26 13:09:25
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Doctor Admits Vaccine Is More Deadly Than Swine Flu 
Note the source...and the reporting body...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Doctor Admits Vaccine Is More
Deadly Than Swine Flu Itself & Will Not Give It To His Kids via
Socio-Economics History Blog by mosesman on 9/26/09
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Socio-Economics History Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-26 13:13:13
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 Reasons 
Interesting how the common good bias is coming into this discussion...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: 10 Reasons via Accelerating
Future by Michael Anissimov on 9/25/09
My ?10 Reasons? document from August 2004 is getting some great play on
StumbleUpon and other venues. 5,000 visits so far this month. Check out
my ?10 Reasons to Develop Safe Artificial Intelligence?:
1. Because human cultures aren?t exotic enough.
2. Because intelligence should be fluid, not rigid.
3. Because we need someone to help us organize the data we?re drowning
4. Because aliens aren?t showing up, we should make our own.
5. Because a virtual world would be a cool place to grow up in.
6. Because we need new perspectives and thinkers.
7. Because it would be interesting to engineer new emotions.
8. Because sci-fi stereotypes need to be shattered.
9. Because humans are often biased away from the common good.
10. Because AI is coming whether we like it or not, so it might as well
be safe.
Ironic that Jamais Cascio has accused Singularitarians like myself as
not being interested in culture. It?s not a matter of dancing, it?s a
matter of survival. If we do not program the first recursively
self-improving seed AI appropriately, we will all perish. And death is
so final.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Accelerating Future using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-26 13:14:24
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Seth Godin: A Case Study in Handling Online Critcism 
A new name for P2P/viral attacks..."twitter storm"
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Seth Godin: A Case Study in
Handling Online Critcism the Right Way via SEO Hosting Blog by Tyler
Banfield on 9/25/09
Although there are a countless number of people who call themselves
experts, that doesn?t always mean that they can step up to the plate
when the heat gets pointed at them. An example of this was the Loren
Feldman and Shel Israel saga that began last year. For those of you who
don?t know what I?m talking about, here?s a quick recap from Mathew
?For anyone who has an actual life and hasn?t been paying attention to
the brouhaha between Shel and Loren, it started when Shel began doing
video interviews for FastCompany.tv. Loren ? who makes corporate videos
and also does his own blend of free-form comedy and commentary videos
at 1938media.com ? began criticizing the quality of Shel?s videos
mercilessly on Twitter and on his blog, and also started posting
parodies of Shel?s videos using Muppet-style hand puppets.?
This saga continued to grow (including Loren registering ShelIsrael.com
and posting his puppet videos there), and you can get the full analysis
of what happened from this post: ?How a videoblogger from NYC
outsmarted a so-called ?Social Media Expert??
While this is a great example of an expert who doesn?t deserve that
title, it doesn?t mean that all experts flop when the pressure is put
directly on them. As most readers of this blog probably know, Seth
Godin is a well-known marketing expert who has written over ten books,
in addition to launching Squidoo.
On Wednesday, Seth announced on his blog that he was launching Brands
in Public. As he explained in his post:
?Over the last few months, we?ve seen big brands (like Amazon and
Maytag) get caught in a twitterstorm. An idea (one that?s negative to
the brand) starts and spreads, and absent a response, it just spirals.
Of course, Amazon can?t respond on their home page (they?re busy
running a store) and they don?t have an active corporate blog that I
could find, so where? How?
Enter Brands In Public.
Squidoo has built several hundred pages, each one about a major brand.
More are on the way. We?ll keep going until we have thousands of
important brands, each on its own page (and we?ll happily add one for
you if you like). Each page collects tweets, blog posts, news stories,
images, videos and comments about a brand. All of these feeds are
algorithmic? the good and the bad show up, all collated and easy to
Of course, these comments and conversations are already going on, all
over the web. What we?ve done is bring them together in one place. And
then we?ve made it easy for the brand to chime in.?
Okay, so on the surface, this sounds like a pretty good idea. However,
it?s the next paragraph that ruffled a lot of feathers:
?If your brand wants to be in charge of developing this page, it will
cost you $400 a month. And once [we build] the page, the left hand
column belongs to you. You can post responses, highlight blog posts,
run contests or quizzes. You can publicly have your say right next to
the constant stream of information about your brand (information that?s
currently all over the web?and information you can?t ?take down? or
censor). You can respond, lead and organize. If a crisis hits, your
page will be there, ready for you to speak up. If your fans are
delighted, your page makes it easy for them to chime in and speak up on
sites around the web.?
As you can see from the Techmeme screenshot below, it didn?t take long
for the criticisms to start flying:
At this point, Seth could have overreacted and gone on the complete
defensive, or he could have tried to hide from the public spotlight.
However, he instead jumped in and made himself part of the discussions
in an intelligent way. For example, take a look at the comment he left
on Outspoken Media?s ?Seth Godin Tries Out Brandjacking?:
If you look through the other posts that were made about Brands in
Public, you will most likely see Seth joining in on those discussions
as well.
While he handled the criticism in a very appropriate way, it didn?t
take long to realize that in spite of this, the criticism wasn?t going
to die down. As a result, Seth took what was said into consideration,
and then made a new post this morning, titled ?Adjusting as we go?. In
it, he made this announcement:
?The goal of the program is to invite brands into the conversation
that?s already going on around the web, to make it easy for them to do
it on their terms. I talked with a brand manager yesterday who
explained that this is exactly what he?s been trying to do for his
company, but the corporate website systems make that difficult for him.
We want to open the door and to permit large brands a way to get
started without having to roll their own solution.
One way we tried to encourage that was to build 200 sample pages, pages
brands could adopt. Alas, some people felt that this was inappropriate,
so we?ve recalibrated and we?ll take those pages down before the end of
the day.
When a brand wants a page, we?ll build it, they?ll run it and we?ll
both have achieved our goals.
Part of the magic of the web is that you can adjust as you go,
particularly if you?re willing to listen.?
As a result, most of the original posts have now added an update and
told Seth that they felt this was a good decision.
So, what can you learn from Seth and how he handled this situation?
Unlike Shel (who ultimately made the situation much worse for himself
because he immediately went on the defensive), Seth listened to what
was being said, calmly joined in on the discussion, and ultimately made
a change to his plan as a result of the overwhelming amount of
discussion to do so.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to SEO Hosting Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-26 15:49:52
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] AcaWiki 
Another step toward open research...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: AcaWiki via Stephen's Web ~
OLDaily on 9/25/09
Oh! I haven't seen this before. "AcaWiki is a 'Wikipedia for academic
research' designed to collect summaries and literature reviews of
peer-reviewed academic research, and make them available to the general
public. All content on the site is licensed under the Creative Commons
Attribution license so you can download, re-post, and reuse what you
find here as long as give proper attribution." Still new; there's only
47 summaries posted. It would be interesting to integrate the summaries
with search results for the papers. Via Jane Park. Various Authors,
Website, September 25, 2009 [Tags: Wikipedia, Research, Academia, Web
Logs] [Link] [Comment]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Stephen's Web ~ OLDaily using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-26 14:31:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Helping the Helpless (formerly: Only the 
I suppose I see it this way: Darwinism doesn't imply the development of any
ladder of skills or intellect.  Intelligence is far from proven to be of
value in the long run--humans may well be systematically offing ourselves
Morality is something we invent; it doesn't exist outside us.  It is a
social phenomenon.  What works is what works.
To me, one either has a particular worldview and, thus, tends to see the
world tendentiously in line with that worldview, or one is a pragmatist and
sees things as being practical given a set circumstance.  As someone
attracted to the value of truth and science, I see myself as a pragmatist.
Whether at some level I follow less than pragmatic ideals, I can't say. But
my progressive politics, my green advocacy, my relationship to the wild
world, my interest in P2P are not from a moral or intellectual
foundation--though I have a conscience and I try to use it.
Rather, most of my views flow from simple pragmatism.  Pragmatism, to me, is
taking everything as contextual and looking for the best outcomes from a
given context where best is derived from a reasoned morality held at any
given point.  It may be pragmatic for most people to be docile.  Clearly
crime is rising in several societies, so that isn't true everywhere.  I
don't judge people all that much.  Most are living within a world they
create to their own advantage and pleasure.  It is up to those of us who
hope for better outcomes to organize and educate in ways that lead to things
we want.  I call that politics.  Others use other names.  I've always found
the left somewhat deplorable because it believes certain outcomes are better
just because they like them.  I deplore the right because they believe
certain worldviews are privileged.  To me, what works is what works.  I see
that as very in line with a Danish/Swedish sort of capitalism/socialism/live
and let live mentality.  I cannot start from a particular worldview.

@_date: 2009-09-27 08:07:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Helping the Helpless 
Hi Edward,
There are undoubtedly many links between utilitarianism and pragmatism.  I
suppose most pragmatists see the difference is that P seems less bent on a
specific view of optimum circumstances...most for the most, etc.  The real
crux of pragmatism as a philosophy is acceptance of the necessity of
relativism, extreme skepticism of rigid worldviews, hope for dialogue and
collaboration, and a modern emphasis on what Karl Weick calls sensemaking.
I see very little difference between pragmatists and evolutionary thinkers
along lines of Stephen Jay Gould.  Maybe we're the great shoulder
shruggers...as in "whatever."

@_date: 2009-09-27 08:26:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Helping the Helpless 
Hi Nathan:
This Buddhist/Nordic/Socialist/hippie/Christian view (as I see it) is a
common and compelling world philosophy.  I think if I were not so ingrained
now as a pragmatist (irony in that statement) I would find this sort of
theory of humility and self-deprecation for  the basic needs of all the most
compelling.  Living to such a standard is, for me, difficult.

@_date: 2009-09-27 08:52:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Helping the Helpless 
Hi Nathan,
Perhaps.  I think it is because I lack the zeal to be a true believer in
anything.  I think the Gospels called my type "poor in spirit."  Poets call
it melancholy.  It is a general sense that enough can't be done...and that
one is consumed in trying to walk an endless path.  I admire (and always
have) those monkish few who live justly, calmly and for the "other."
Happiness for me comes with acceptance, balance, occasional journeys and
expeditions into the righteous, and a realization that I'm not going to go
through my days grinning and feeling fulfilled...whether or not that is
OK...well, it doesn't much matter.
I'm increasingly attracted to fiction as I get older...especially the
Russian 19th century novelists who both loved their country and hated the
injustices and perversions of their day.  That is what life is like for
me...a big screwed up novel.  Hopefully there are a few heroes who go on
journeys and change for the better.  But I am probably not one of them.  I
am a stall keeper in a village or a fisherman with broken hands in some
fjord.  The heroes walk by me and have a few words on their ways to figuring
something out.

@_date: 2009-09-27 17:26:27
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Dr. Marc Faber: The future will be a total 
A capitalist predicts coming disaster.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Dr. Marc Faber: The future will
be a total disaster... via The Second Great Depression by Depression
2.0 on 9/27/09
Dr. Marc Faber: "The future will be a total disaster, with a collapse
of our capitalistic system as we know it today, wars, massive
government debt defaults, and the impoverisment of large segments of
Western society." Video:
read more
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Second Great Depression using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-28 08:25:35
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] shots in the dark/p2p article 
I agree with the parallels and like your argument very much.  I find myself
of a similar mind.  From a US perspective, the anti-vaccine discourse has
the tinge of the loony right wing--like AIDS denialism, creationism, etc.  I
don't think anti-vaccine perspectives are right wing particularly, but the
similar manifestations and methods seem hard to deny.
There are risks with health interventions.  Sometimes those at relatively
low risk attempt to lower their risk still further and have a very bad
outcome.  That is tragic, but it is predictable.  I also think those who
have certain conditions (e.g. autism) look for someone or something to
blame.  The science just isn't there.  Others benefit from sowing fear and
doubt about standard but imperfect methods.  Sometimes the benefit is simply
being listened to and having an ego stoked.  Science is an easy target
because it makes no claim of perfection and infallibility.  It is always
tentative.  That tentative nature leads to some pushing too hard to
recognize "advances" that are not real, and some pushing to block
recognition of advances for whatever reasons.
If we question one group's motivations for financial gains, we must question
all groups and persons for any possible gains--including those to ego and
reputation.  If a person thinks they can control a significant
sub-population by spewing dis-information, you can bet that disinformation
will be spewed.
My own sense is that only through strenuous commitment to multi-party
dialogue and constant re-affirmation of the value of truth and fact can one
overcome these social phenomena.  From my perspective, the mainstream
discourse of science is the most prominent defender of the value of truth
and fact, but it is also prone to over-caution, financial influence,
and other forms of political pressure.
There is a difficult moral balance between seeking rhetorical ammunition and
seeking truth.  Schools don't do enough to make that distinction plain to
students.  Arguing in science is different than making a political
argument.  And people should be clear to all which sort of argument they are
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-09-28 14:20:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] shots in the dark/p2p article 
Hi Paul...
I am honestly not trying to pick fights, but again, homeopathy is probably
the single issue after vaccines that keeps the physician bloggers busy.
They are ruthless is debunking its claims.  In third place is
chiropractory.  To me the physicians' are compelling, but there are a lot of
homeopathy users out there.  On the other hand, something like 15% of the US
electorate wonders inconclusively if Obama is the anti-Christ.  So I'm not
sure numbers make much of an argument in this case.
 "Successful Use of Homeopathy In Over 2.5 Million People Reported From

@_date: 2009-09-29 13:51:35
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] critical theory - actors/agents 
In actor-networks, something can become an actor...like fire, or "The West"
or the holy trinity or "the search for meaning" if the substantiation of
those things by a context causes them to be taken as legitimate as a unified
For me, ANT is most significantly pointing out that concepts become real
players (actors) as much and conventional beings when they are taken to be
real and treated as such.  Thus, for a believer, a mythical god becomes a
real actor playing a role.  An institution can do the same..."the Fed"
becomes an actor--indivisible from its components.  In a network it builds
social relationships that strengthen and preserve the network.
There are eco-historians for whom fire is the central actor in an
actor-network--fire reshapes the land...revitalizes the forest.  It is fire
that underpins a network of actors each of which has a relationship and a
response to fire.  That network is reinforced and made sense of -- in
a social constructivist sense -- by the relationships to fire.
Latour at least and Latour and Law have been nebulous about what they mean
with ANT--it is definitely intriguing, but not very precise.  On the other
hand, agency theory is much less constructivist.  I'm not sure one gets
anywhere by comparing the two.
ANT is useful for a deep understanding of the players and motivations in a
network drama.  Agency is sort of emphasis on modes of decision processes
rather than understanding relationships in a network.
But there is nothing you include below that particular offends me or strikes
me as being outrageous.  My reading of Latour/Law was about 4-6 years ago,
so I doubt I am current.

@_date: 2009-09-29 14:12:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] shots in the dark/p2p article 
It seems to me that you are generally discussing legitimacy.  Legitimacy is
a big P2P issue...and a big governance issue in general.  It is also an
issue in the philosophy of science.  There are several forms of
legitimacy...some stem from numbers of believers, some stem from logical
strength, some stem from cultures, faith perspectives, etc.
I believe you set up a straw man when you say there is the conventional view
and the alternative.  The alternative has no necessary legitimacy simply
because it differs from the conventional.  For something to be legitimate,
it needs to expand a justification for its legitimacy instead of the
In crackpot cases such justifications usually revert to conspiracy theories,
theories of bad motivation (e.g. profit motives), etc. in my experience.
That said, sometimes people do act badly to profit and sometimes there are
conspiracies.  The challenge to being a thinking person is to sort out the
Most people think that for something to be legitimate, it should also be
tranparant and accountable.  That is, facts about it should be discoverable
and poor actions should have consequences.  All these tie back to governance
theory--still the most interesting area of P2P imho.

@_date: 2009-09-30 07:25:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] shots in the dark/p2p article 
I have a brother who claims he has cured himself and others multiple times
from intractable conditions with prayers to certain specific Catholic
saints.  A prayer to that one won't work.  A prayer to this one will.  Who
knows?  Scientists would doubt it.  He's certain.  At some juncture
legitimacy is a personal issue.

@_date: 2009-09-30 10:39:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Re: Growing the 21st Century Economy (more 
I think P2P education for the workforce (a topic I think about everyday at
some length) looks a lot like a Make Magazine laboratory with people sharing
knowledge by publicizing their capacities and then offering to transfer them
to those who can understand them, and improve through electronic means, the
quality of their delivery.  In the new world everyone must be a teacher and
a learner.  And we need ways to bridge between informal and formal learning.
On Wed, Sep 30, 2009 at 10:17 AM, Paul D. Fernhout <

@_date: 2009-09-30 19:17:45
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Huffington Post: a clearing house of alt-med 
More vaccine and homeopathy mayhem...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Huffington Post: a clearing
house of alt-med nonsense via Skepticblog by Phil Plait on 9/29/09
I used to write for the Huffington Post, an online news and blog
collective. It was started by Arianna Huffington during the Bush Era as
a response to all the far-right online media. I didn?t agree with a lot
of what was on there ? I am more centrist ? but at the time I thought
it was necessary.
Then they started to promote far-left New Age nonsense, and when it
came to vaccinations, HuffPo started posting all kinds of opinions that
amounted to nothing more than out-and-out health threats. While they do
sometimes post a counter-argument, it?s still almost all alt-med, all
the time.
Here?s the latest: a doctor named Frank Lipman is telling people not to
get vaccinated against Swine Flu. Instead he says you should wash your
hands a lot, eat well, and take homeopathic medicine.
Yes, seriously. And he does it while spouting quite a few of the
standard antivax memes, like the flu won?t be that bad (maybe he should
consult with Dr. Joe Albietz, who I?m sure would disagree) and my
favorite, we don?t know how well the vaccine will work. In fact, the
vaccine for Swine Flu is based on many decades of research on how
vaccines are produced, and will certainly work better than Dr. Lipman?s
homeopathic "medicine" which we know is just plain old water, and
totally useless. I?ll note that on his own site he promotes acupuncture
and chiropractic, too.
It?s the peddling of antivax rhetoric like this that drove me from
HuffPo, and I?ve let them know why. I was a minor cog there, so I know
it made no difference? and the proof is that they still post articles
promoting procedures known to be useless. In fact, it?s worse than
that, since someone might try the homeopathic water rather than get
actual treatment.
So, as always, don?t listen to people like Lipman, or even to me when
it comes to this stuff. Instead, go to your doctor, a board-certified
and science-based doctor, and ask them about the H1N1 swine flu, and
see if they recommend getting the shot. And yes, as soon as it?s
available here I?ll get vaccinated, as will my wife and daughter. We
talked to a real doctor about it, and we understand the threat of H1N1,
and we understand what vaccines do.
Originally posted on the Bad Astronomy blog. Tip o? the syringe to Dan
Gilbert and Richard Saunders. Note added after I wrote this: Mike?s
Weekly Skeptical Rant has also weighed in on Lipman, and Salon.com has
an article excoriating HuffPo as well.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Skepticblog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2009-09-30 15:17:02
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thinking about science fiction bias 
============================== START ==============================
So far, Einstein's theories have proved remarkably stable.  There is little
science since his death over 50 years ago that rattles much of what he said.
One interesting argument Einstein made is that the speed of light is
effectively the speed limit of the universe.  And so far, that seems to
hold.  I like pseudo or pop physics discussions.  And while I'm not in any
way knowledgeable about technical details, I once spent some time
understanding special relativity and some related topics.  It's the sort of
thing I'm curious about.  I suspect that is true of most sci-fi writers as
well.  They think about these things.  So it is interesting to speculate
about their biases.
I was reading a blog on the new Hubble Space Telescope pictures and saw one
of a beautiful cloudy galaxy.  I liked it so much I put it on my computer as
a background photo.  It is clear in this photo that there are many (I
presume millions if not billions) of stars in this galaxy.  Given the great
distance between our stars in the Milky Way and Einstein's speed limit, it
seems unlikely one would move around much.
Now I'm not a religious or even a spiritual person.  I don't believe in
divinities or anything else that isn't experienced and probed by a
reasonably broad assortment of curious and skeptical types.  So, I have to
rule out gods for travelling between the thousands of galaxies that show up
in the background of my lovely little galactic picture, and I have to rule
out life as we know it moving about.  But why not extend life?  Life lasting
millions of years could allow for travel.
Of course the sort of circuitry we have with DNA replication is far too
breakable to last that long in one consciousness, but a single consciousness
could exist as a more stable and self-repairing machine.
It's not that great of an insight but it occurred to me that science fiction
is highly biased toward life as we know it playing a continuing and
central.  A life of cells and electro-chemical processes.  There is no need
for life to be that way, and it would seem highly unlikely to be so if we
ever encountered it outside our own world--save for a few nearby germs and
simple organisms that might hitch a ride on a comet or in the basins of some
volcanic moon.  If I encountered an alien, I'd expect him to be the
combination of a personal factory and robot...not a conventional flesh
creature at all.
Now I don't live with the sci-fi corpus, so I'm sure there are a thousand or
more counter-examples to my little attempt at insight.  I'm sure Philip K.
Dick or someone else wrote ten books on bots as a civilization.  But I still
think there is a P2P point.
I wonder if we are moving toward being our works.  I wonder if the division
between transhumanism and P2P is really shrinking--the commons of the future
is our own robotic consciousness.  If that were they case, the resource
issues tend to fade away.  We don't need food, sex, water or even light.
Our modes of energy production and storage could be remarkably simple.
Personally I like being human, but I don't rule out the fact that a robot
could enjoy being a robot given sufficient capacity to learn,
self-replicate, repair and to do things we could likely never do...like
travel amongst the stars.
 I've been engaged at some level with AI thinking for a long time.  I
remember the Vejur (Voyager) star trek movie...all good fun.  But what if we
simply ruled out the carbon-based forms.  What if the future of a stable and
healthy planet is the self-replicating machine that doesn't need us or any
other carbon life form?  Maybe carbon is one way to bootstrap a longer term
existance.  Maybe it's a booster rocket and the payload runs on a different

@_date: 2010-04-01 14:22:10
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Some interesting findings about the print quality of 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Some interesting findings about
the print quality of several RepRaps. via Coded.be - RepRap by Batist
on 4/1/10
At the university College of Ghent we have done some printing tests. We
have been building several RepRap/Mendels now, and divide them
systematically in two categories.
- Alpha ones: These RepRaps are built with pieces of two or more
different RepRaps. Important to notice is that these machines do not
belong to the same tree. (These RepRaps doesn't have pieces printed by
the same parent.)
- Beta ones: These machines consist of pieces by only one parent. Or
worse, by pieces from RepRaps with a mutual parent. Findings:
- The Alpha RepRaps have very good prints. The quality is really
awesome! Some pictures:
- Far worse is the quality of the Beta ones:
Further research:
As from today the University College Ghent will have Peter Van
Ransbeeck doing his PhD on the subject of "Print quality of RepRap -
Purifying the RepRap tree", in dutch: "Raszuiverheid der RepRaps". He
will research these findings in greater detail.
If you have some information for us, please leave a note in the
comments. Or contact me at: Batist.leman [at] gmail.com. Any of your
results or findings could be very useful for us.
This is a very important issue, and we don't now the cause of this...
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Coded.be - RepRap using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-01 14:28:11
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] University of Washington's Prefab tool promises to 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: University of Washington's
Prefab tool promises to 'unlock the desktop' via Engadget by Donald
Melanson on 4/1/10
The University of Washington may be overstating things a just a tad
with a headline like "what if all software was open source," but the
so-called "Prefab" software tool developed by some researchers at the
university does indeed manage to pull of some fairly impressive tricks.
The short of it is that the tool promises to you let you (or
developers) modify any application without actually modifying it. To do
that, the software constantly looks for easily identifiable elements of
an application (dialog boxes, scroll bars, buttons, etc.) and
then "alters their behavior" by effectively taking over your display,
leaving the actual program running in the background and displaying the
augmented version instead. According to the researchers, the
possibilities from there on out are virtually endless, and include
things like adding iTunes buttons to your Word toolbar and tweaking
Photoshop to display previews for a whole range of effects at once.
Head on past the break for a quick demo video, and look for more to be
unveiled at the CHI 2010 conference in Atlanta next month.
[Thanks, Keith]
Continue reading University of Washington's Prefab tool promises
to 'unlock the desktop'
University of Washington's Prefab tool promises to 'unlock the desktop'
originally appeared on Engadget on Thu, 01 Apr 2010 09:01:00 EST.
Please see our terms for use of feeds.
Permalink CBC | University of Washington | Email this | Comments
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Engadget using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-10 17:27:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What if, globally speaking, 
It is a good article...spot on.  It is inevitable that corporate models must
push high value solutions (expensive and techy.)  It is equally inevitable
that the developing world will want cheap and simple.  The US did when it
was developing...things like the Colt handgun.
The divergence will impact China the most, but they are big enough to play
in both worlds...as the US has done.
There is huge demand for the sorts of enterprises that I think Sam Rose and
associates are trying, but I suspect the US is the wrong place to try them.
 They'd work better in Zambia or Serbia or Indonesia.
The "next big thing" is definitely nearly free...mass produced and
distributed.  It will be a set of small technology tools like a cell phone
that do a lot and cost a little.  Complexity is for the rich.

@_date: 2010-04-11 19:27:22
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Copyright turns 300 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Copyright turns 300 via Boing
Boing by Cory Doctorow on 4/10/10
To commemorate the 300th anniversary of the Statute of Anne, the first
modern copyright law, the British Council asked a lot of people with
strong ideas about copyright, from the CEO of Random House to the
founder of Wikipedia, to remark on what copyright is for and how it
might be improved. Here's the short essay I contributed: f there's one
lie more corrosive to creativity above all others, it is the lie of
romantic individual originality. Today, 'copyright curriculum' warns
schoolchildren not to be 'copycats' - to come up with their own
original notions.
We are that which copies. Three or four billion years ago, by some
process that we don't understand, molecules began to copy themselves.
We are the distant descendants of those early copyists - copying is in
our genes. We have a word for things that don't copy: 'dead'.
Walk the streets of Florence and you'll find a 'David' on every corner:
because for half a millennium, Florentine sculptors have learned their
trade by copying (but try to take a picture of 'David' on his plinth
and you'll be tossed out by a security guard who wants to end this
great tradition in order to encourage you to buy a penny postcard).
I learned to write by copying. In 1977, when I was six, my father took
me to 'Star Wars'. I couldn't figure out how a made-up story could be
so exciting, so I went home, stapled some paper together and trimmed it
to book size, and wrote out the story as best I remembered it, doing it
over and over again as I strove to unpick it.
Today, I earn my living by copying: taking ideas that excite me and
combining them in ways that are mine, but never wholly mine.
If copyright law is to truly nurture art and creativity, rather than
merely lining the pockets of the last generation of copyists who now
declare themselves to be pure of all replication and wholly original
from the first word to the last, it *must* recognize and celebrate the
wonderful thing that is copying.
Copyright 1710-2010 "For the encouragement of learning" Previously:
- Happy Public Domain Day!
- Copyright documentary from Australian radio
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Boing Boing using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-11 19:30:43
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] DIYLILCNC: A DIY Dremel CNC 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: DIYLILCNC: A DIY Dremel CNC via
MAKE Magazine by John Baichtal on 4/10/10
The DIYLILCNC project is a set of plans for an inexpensive, fully
functional 3-axis CNC mill that can be built by an individual with
basic shop skills and tool access.
CNC devices are used to fabricate physical objects with a high degree
of precision. Some CNC devices, including the DIYLILCNC, feature a
gantry-mounted cutting tool (like a router) that can move in two or
more directions. The operation of the tool is controlled by a computer,
which is tasked with translating a digital design into actual tool
Download the DXFs and instructions on the DIYLILCNC website. [Via the
Ponoko blog.]
Read more | Permalink | Comments | Read more articles in DIY Projects |
Digg this!
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to MAKE Magazine using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-13 14:07:40
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Neurocapitalism 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Neurocapitalism via
3quarksdaily by Robin Varghese on 4/13/10
Ewa Hess and Hennric Jokeit in Merkur, translated in Eurozine:
Today, the phenomenology of the mind is stepping indignantly aside for
a host of hyphenated disciplines such as neuro-anthropology,
neuro-pedagogy, neuro-theology, neuro-aesthetics and neuro-economics.
Their self-assurance reveals the neurosciences' usurpatory tendency to
become not only the humanities of science, but the leading science of
the twenty-first century. The legitimacy, impetus and promise of this
claim derive from the maxim that all human behaviour is determined by
the laws governing neuronal activity and the way it is organised in the
Whether or not one accepts the universal validity of this maxim, it is
fair to assume that a science that aggressively seeks to establish
hermeneutic supremacy will change everyday capitalist reality via its
discoveries and products. Or, to put it more cautiously, that its
triumph is legitimated, if not enabled, by a significant shift in the
capitalist world order.
There is good reason to assert the existence, or at least the
emergence, of a new type of capitalism: neurocapitalism. After all, the
capitalist economy, as the foundation of modern liberal societies, has
shown itself to be not only exceptionally adaptable and
crisis-resistant, but also, in every phase of its dominance, capable of
producing the scientific and technological wherewithal to analyse and
mitigate the self-generated "malfunctioning" to which its constituent
subjects are prone. In doing so ? and this too is one of capitalism's
algorithms ? it involves them in the inexorably effective cycle of
supply and demand.
Just as globalisation is a consequence of optimising the means of
production and paths of communication (as Karl Marx and Friedrich
Engels predicted), so the brain, as the command centre of the modern
human being, finally appears to be within reach of the humanities, a
field closely associated with capitalism.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to 3quarksdaily using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-13 14:09:20
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Digital Power and Its Discontents: An Edge 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Digital Power and Its
Discontents: An Edge Conversation with Morozov & Shirky via
3quarksdaily by Robin Varghese on 4/13/10
In Edge:
CLAY SHIRKY: Evgeny, I think this may be a frustrating hour, because I
think you and I disagree with each other less than you disagree with a
lot of the people you're calling internet utopians. For instance, you
recently picked on the John Perry Barlow piece A Declaration of the
Rights of Cyberspace, which is so over-the-top Libertarian, and which
presents cyberspace as a separate sphere unconnected to the rest of the
planet, that it didn't really have much effect on practical matters
like foreign policy.
EVGENY MOROZOV: I guess we're talking about a recent essay of mine that
appeared in Wall Street Journal in February. It was published a week
after yet another overhyped wave of Iranian protests came to nothing.
But this time something was different in how that failure was explained
in the media. Suddenly, I could sense some public frustration ? even in
The New York Times ? about how the Internet could have actually
thwarted the protests, making them more disorganized. That's something
I really wanted to play with in that essay. But since the Wall Street
Journal wanted me to offer a critique of techno-utopianianism, I had to
venture beyond recent events and see what kind of ideas are guiding
governments in this space. Thus, the real objective was not to pick on
John Perry Barlow ? who in 1996 wrote "A Declaration of the
Independence of Cyberspace" ? which is one of the seminal texts of
cyber-libertarianism, or any of the other early thinkers. It was more
to reveal that we are currently facing a huge intellectual void with
the regards to the Internet's impact on global politics.
But the lack of a coherent framework does not really prevent us from
embracing the power of the Internet. There is certainly a lot of
excitement within governments ? both democratic and authoritarian ones
? about using the Internet to advance their political agendas, both at
home and abroad. The kind of assumptions that politicians need in order
to decide their policies all have to come from somewhere. And much of
what has been said about the Internet in the past seems intellectually
invalid today. Still, most of the assumptions made by politicians seem
to be rooted in early cyber-libertarian discourses about the Internet
and politics. A lot of those early discourses took shape in particular
(and very different) contexts. If you look at John Perry Barlow's
declaration, it was produced in the context of attempts to regulate the
Internet in America, in 1996. It had nothing to do with Iran and only
very little with the world outside of the US. We do need a new theory
to guide us through all of this, for old theories are no good.
SHIRKY: Yes, I agree with that, and with regard to Declaration of the
Rights of Cyberspace ? ten years ago I was teaching that at NYU classes
as an example of sloppy political thinking, so I think we've known that
those theories were no good for a while now.
You end your Journal essay with a fairly evocative paragraph
saying, "The State Department can't abandon ideas of trying to harness
the Internet for democracy, but it should come up with a policy that's
more in line with what's possible, or what works."
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to 3quarksdaily using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-14 16:21:16
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How Much Do Music Artists Earn Online? 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: How Much Do Music Artists Earn
Online? via Information Is Beautiful by david on 4/13/10
Recently, the UK government passed The Digital Economy Act which
included many, perhaps draconian, measures to combat online music
piracy (including withdrawing broadband access for persistent pirates).
Much was proclaimed about how these new laws would protect musicians
and artists revenue and livelihoods.
But how much money do musicians really get paid in this new digital
This image is based on an excellent post at The Cynical Musician called
The Paradise That Should Have Been about pitiful digital royalties.
(Thanks to Neilon for pointing that out). I?ve taken his calculations
and added a few more.
As ever, this was incredibly difficult to research. Industry figures
are hard to get hold of. Some are even secret. Last.Fm?s royalty and
payment system is beyond comprehension. (If you can explain it to me,
please get in touch)
Note: these figures do not include publishing royalties (paid to
composers of songs). The full spreadsheet of data does though. You can
see all the numbers and sources here:
If you have any experiences, data or royalty statements to share,
please post below!
sources: TheCynicalMusician.com, Digital Audio Insider, Basca.org.uk,
PRSformusic.com, MusicAlly.com
data: Digital Royalties
research: David McCandless, Toby Slater, James Key
design: David McCandless
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Information Is Beautiful using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-15 11:41:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] call for debate: a reponse to digital maoism by 
My critique would be that the article does not deal in specifics.  What, at
some actionable level of detail, is the problem?  What, in detail, is the
solution?  For the most part, I read a critique of modernism that could be
Bauhaus-ian or Green, but I do not see the underpinning ideal...nor do I see
the practical means by which it could be plausibly set in place.
I presume we are meant to be more aware of a alien cityscape enhabited by
robotic people who don't "care" about us.  But wasn't that same thing being
said in 1955 by Lewis Mumford or in 1980 by Jane Jacobs?
I would prefer the article have subsections with the following titles:
Getting more human and humane in the City without Leaving our Technology
Toward the P2P Cityscape
Reconciling Old Power with New Urgencies in the City
Where are the issues of neighborhood?  Where are the issues of diversity?
Work/life balance?
There is much to be said on these topics, and I fear that this is either too
short of a piece or too long of one.  It is too short if it is to tackle
these big issues comprehensively.  It is too long if the message is as
simple as...Modernism sucks...Let's revert to a stick and stone past!
There is passion in the writing but it is under a layer of political
correctness.  It should be more raw and uncooked.

@_date: 2010-04-16 13:19:23
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Age of Asperger: modern society is autistic! 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Age of Asperger: modern
society is autistic! via The Imprinted Brain by Christopher Badcock,
Ph.D. on 4/16/10
According to DSM IV (TR), autism is characterized by markedly abnormal
or impaired social interaction/communication with deficits in:
eye-contact/body language; peer relations/friendships; language/speech
etc. But so too is modern society, where you find similar impairments.
Unlike traditional, small-scale societies where everyone knows everyone
else in the locality and shares the same language, values, and
mentality, most people you meet in modern Western societies are
strangers, with most individuals encountered unknown by name, and with
many different language and cultural groups. No longer can you assume
that the person you are talking to in a modern Western society has the
local tongue as their first language, or that they share any of your
cultural beliefs and traditions. On the contrary, you have to be
careful not to imply any such thing for fear of giving offence, and you
have to be particularly wary with things like eye-contact,
body-language, and gesture, which can easily be misinterpreted. The
result is that even indigenous natives are no longer at home in their
own society, and we have instead what sociologists have termed anomie,
alienation, narcissism, or atomization, with privatized religion and
politics and high incidence of sole-occupancy and isolated family
James Putnam?s book, Bowling Alone, sounds as if it should be about
autism, but in fact it illustrates exactly the point I am making.
According to him, ?the classic institutions of American civic life,
both religious and secular, have been hollowed out? across a very wide
range of activities, the last several decades have witnessed a striking
diminution in regular contacts with our friends and neighbours? We
spend less time in conversation over meals, we exchange visits less
often, we engage less in leisure activities that encourage casual
social interaction, we spend more time watching and less time doing. We
know our neighbours less well, and we see old friends less often.?
More specifically, modern Western societies are characterized by high
incidence of single-parenthood and divorce; high rates of crime,
anti-social behaviour, and delinquency; privatization of sex and its
divorce from reproduction, with approval of masturbation (by far the
most autistic of sexual practices and one that was anathematized to an
astonishing extent up until quite recently); secularization and
privatization of religion, fragmentation of politics, with a loss of
normative consensus and a cult of individualism and self-realization
encouraged by cynicism about collective ideologies and institutional
The causes are clear. Urbanization means that social groups are too
large and anonymous to allow personal familiarity. Multi-culturalism
means that society is too heterogeneous to sustain a common mental
culture and that the host culture is disqualified from dominance. Rapid
social change combined with increased life expectancy means that older
individuals become alienated and disorientated as values change or
reverse in their lifetimes, while the young reject them and their
mental world as out-of-date and irrelevant.
Other important factors are an advanced division of labor, with social
and mental specialization; bureaucracy, routinization, and regulation;
the emergence of experts, consultants, and self-appointed authorities;
single-issue pressure groups, parties, and politics; single-focus
leisure activities, hobbies, and life-styles along with a cult of
individualism with tolerance of eccentricity and outsiders. All of
these illustrate DSM IV?s second set of criteria for autism: restricted
repertoire of activities and interests: stereotyped/repetitive
behaviour; abnormally restricted or intense interests; insistence on
routines/rituals; preoccupation with parts/details.
In other words, modern, multi-cultural societies could be seen as
essentially autistic in nature: something which describes both their
strengths and their weaknesses. No wonder then, that there has been a
Flynn Effect (see a previous post). Sociologically, this could be seen
as the equivalent of the high but uneven IQ found in Asperger?s
syndrome, with what you might call the Bowling Alone aspect reflecting
the mentalistic deficits of high-functioning autism, and the
scientific, technological, and engineering triumphs of modern society
the corresponding mechanistic compensations.
Indeed, you could see modern Western culture as the epitome of autistic
savantism in many respects. Although we rely on computers to perform
the feats of rote memory, instant recall, and lightning calculation you
would otherwise only find in autistic savants, you could regard our
cultural and economic reliance on computing as a form of collective
autistic savantism. Whether we like it or not, mechanistic
cognition?not mentalism as hitherto?is increasingly the foundation of
our civilization, and is incrementally institutionalized in technology,
engineering, and science. All of us are to this extent autistic and
find ourselves living increasingly in what you could justly call the
age of Asperger.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Imprinted Brain using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-16 13:25:58
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The mystery of capitalism 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The mystery of capitalism via
Grant McCracken on 4/15/10
I am always a surprised that no one much bothers to tell the story of
No, the stories we prefer to tell our children is that capitalism is a
dangerous, soulless, relentlessly exploitative exercise. Indeed, this
story is so preferred as our received wisdom, that it is exceedingly
rare to here anyone recite Adam Smith?s magical insight, that good
things can and do come from people pursuing their own, sometimes
narrow, objectives.
The anti-capitalism view is an ideological fixture of our education
systems at every level, from grade to graduate school. We could call it
orthodoxy if it were not so much like boilerplate. It?s not so much
argued as assumed.
Capitalists are sanguine. Apparently, they don?t feel they have to tell
the story of capitalism. Somehow capitalism will teach its own lessons.
Once people escape the magic kingdom of education, the truth will dawn.
Once they have spend a little time in the marketplace, the penny will
drop. Or, as the English like to say, "if a man?s not a Marxist at 20,
there?s something wrong with his heart. But if he is still a Marxist at
30, there?s something wrong with his head."
When Peter Robinson interviewed Gary Becker, Professor at the
University of Chicago and winner of the Nobel Prize, recently, the
master surprised Robinson be announcing, "Markets are hard to
appreciate." Robinson asks for clarification and Becker obliges:
"People tend to impute good motives to government. And if you assume
that government officials are well meaning, then you also tend to
assume that government officials always act on behalf of the greater
good. People understand that entrepreneurs and investors by contrast
just try to make money, not act on behalf of the greater good. And they
have trouble seeing how this pursuit of profits can lift the general
standard of living. The idea is too counterintuitive. So we?re always
up against a kind of in-built suspicion of markets. There?s always a
temptation to believe that markets succeed by looting the unfortunate."
And I think this gets at some part of the heart of the problem.
Capitalism is, as Becker says, counterintuitive. It tells a bad story.
In fact, it isn?t a story. It is anti-storyish.
Capitalism doesn?t have heroes. It doesn?t have people called to higher
motives. It doesn?t have noble sacrifices for the good of others. It
doesn?t, usually, have daring action on a public stage.
No, capitalism is just has some guy who owns a handful of dry cleaning
outfits in a small town in New Hampshire. He works hard, supplies a
service, pays off his loans, coaches Little League, goes to church,
gets his kids through college, and spends his very few disposable hours
on the golf course.
Script! Casting! Some one call the studio! This is appalling. It
doesn?t matter that out of these mundane activities in lots of towns
big and small, played out by millions of people across the US,
something remarkable will come. This just isn?t a story anyone wants to
listen to. So no one much wants to tell it. Not Hollywood. Not our
mythmakers. Not our story tellers.
The economist has spoken. It is a little clearer why we do not tell the
story of capitalism. It just doesn?t tell very well. But if the
anthropologist may join in here. Can we at least acknowledge that there
is something fabulously odd about a culture that depends on capitalism
but that will not ever acknowledge it in the stories it tells itself
about itself.
Robinson, Peter. 2010. Basically an Optimist?Still. The Wall Street
Journal. March 27 -28. p. A13.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Grant McCracken using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-16 11:12:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The mystery of capitalism 
Fascinating show on public airwaves from the US last night on Elbert
Hubbard...the founder of the Roycrofters Community (an idealistic artist
colony / commons from 1897-1938 that performed rather like an industrial
firm.)  It basically told the story of what a strong capitalist Hubbard
was...as someone who went out of his way to extol the virtues of big
industrialists on more than one occasion (though while also blaiming WW1 on
What Hubbard's story taught me is that new ways have been dumped on by both
"sides" for now over 100 years.  Quite a character...

@_date: 2010-04-17 21:57:34
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More detail on money and happiness 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: More detail on money and
happiness via Deric Bownds' MindBlog by mdbownds at wisc.edu (Deric
Bownds) on 4/16/10
Yet another study, this one by Boyce et al. (open access), confirming
that money doesn't buy happiness, people gain "utility" from occupying
a higher ranked position within an income distribution rather than from
either absolute income or their position relative to a reference wage:
Does money buy happiness, or does happiness come indirectly from the
higher rank in society that money brings? We tested a rank-income
hypothesis, according to which people gain utility from the ranked
position of their income within a comparison group. The rank hypothesis
contrasts with traditional reference-income hypotheses, which suggest
that utility from income depends on comparison to a social
reference-group norm. We found that the ranked position of an
individual?s income predicts general life satisfaction, whereas
absolute income and reference income have no effect. Furthermore,
individuals weight upward comparisons more heavily than downward
comparisons. According to the rank hypothesis, income and utility are
not directly linked: Increasing an individual?s income will increase
his or her utility only if ranked position also increases and will
necessarily reduce the utility of others who will lose rank.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Deric Bownds' MindBlog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-17 17:55:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More detail on money and happiness 
Strangely, culture after culture, society after society, the same result
keeps coming up.  People don't care about absolute wealth very much.  They
care about being at the top of a relative grouping.  Hierarchy may very well
be innate particularly at local levels.  Overcoming that seems problematic,
to say the least.
Another interesting similar story much in the psychological press...animals
seem to have personality types as leaders, followers, flatterers, etc. very
much as people do.  Again, this would seem to mediate against the ideas of
either equality or peer to peer at first blush.  Biologically, we may be
wired to fill social niches in hierarchies.

@_date: 2010-04-18 06:56:13
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The complete guide to modern day climate change - 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The complete guide to modern
day climate change - All the data you need to show that the world is
warming via Climate Progress by Guest on 4/14/10
According to the IPCC 4th Assessment Report (2007):
- Warming of the climate system is unequivocal, as is now evident from
observations of increases in global average air and ocean temperatures,
widespread melting of snow and ice, and rising global average sea level.
- At continental, regional, and ocean basin scales, numerous long-term
changes in climate have been observed. These include changes in Arctic
temperatures and ice, widespread changes in precipitation amounts,
ocean salinity, wind patterns and aspects of extreme weather including
droughts, heavy precipitation, heat waves and the intensity of tropical
- Paleoclimate information supports the interpretation that the warmth
of the last half century is unusual in at least the previous 1300
years. The last time the polar regions were significantly warmer than
present for an extended period (about 125,000 years ago), reductions in
polar ice volume led to 4 to 6 metres of sea level rise.
- Most of the observed increase in globally averaged temperatures since
the mid-20th century is very likely due to the observed increase in
anthropogenic greenhouse gas concentrations. This is an advance since
the [Third Assessment Report's 2001] conclusion that ?most of the
observed warming over the last 50 years is likely to have been due to
the increase in greenhouse gas concentrations?. Discernible human
influences now extend to other aspects of climate, including ocean
warming, continental-average temperatures, temperature extremes and
wind patterns.
Let us take a look at some of the evidence:
This post is by guest Blogger Scott A. Mandia, Professor of Physical
Sciences at Suffolk County Community College, Long Island, NY. Mandia
holds an M.S. Meteorology from Penn State University and a B.S.
Meteorology from University of Lowell (now called UMass ? Lowell).
Mandia has been teaching introductory meteorology and paleoclimatology
courses for 23 years.
Temperature Trends
20 of the warmest years on record have occurred in the past 25 years.
The warmest year globally was 2005 with the years 2009, 2007, 2006,
2003, 2002, and 1998 all tied for 2nd within statistical certainty.
(Hansen et al., 2010) The warmest decade has been the 2000s, and each
of the past three decades has been warmer than the decade before and
each set records at their end. The odds of this being a natural
occurrence are estimated to be one in a billion! (Schmidt and Wolfe,
According to NOAA climate monitoring chief Deke Arndt (Romm, 2009):
The last 10 years are the warmest 10-year period of the modern record.
Even if you analyze the trend during that 10 years, the trend is
actually positive, which means warming.
Figure 7.1 (IPCC, 2007) shows the global mean temperature anomalies
(compared to 1961-1990) from the years 1850 to 2005. Figure 7.1a (NCDC,
2008) shows the global mean temperature anomalies with error bars from
the years 1880 to 2007.
Figure 7.1: Global mean temperature anomalies (compared to 1961-1990)

@_date: 2010-04-18 21:18:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open-source gadgets have the best chance in 
The overwhelming problem is skill.  Computers are getting smarter at some
pace.  Humans, in general, not as individuals, will not maintain that pace.
 Therefore, labor values will fall.  Unlike the machine age where
controlling more capacity of capital as an individual was valuable (e.g
driving a bigger train), there is no such analogue in the information age as
machines stop being tools and start becoming processes.  That is, one person
is more productive with a larger and faster computer if and only if the
underlying task is driven by human intellect.  Soon, it won't be in more and
more circumstances.  In many areas it already isn't.  Humans, for instance,
don't really drive trains.  There is no need for them to drive airplanes,
etc.  This is even truer on factory floors where auto plants now employ a
fraction of the workforces they did in 1940.  But the same could be said of
hedge fund trades which are now often driven by automated systems rather
than "traders."  In other words, productivity rises to a level where human
input is really not economically viable without tremendous skills that most
humans simply won't and don't have.
I think there is about 20-35 more years of "work" at these trends.  After
that, some new system will have to exist for most humans because individual
values won't make any sense.  There will always be leaders, designers,
thinkers, etc., but that isn't what most people do.  Most people do
relatively menial tasks.  There simply isn't much need for that.  I think
the jobs crisis of the industrialized world is already showing us the issue.
 Productivity rises faster than skills.  When that is the case, more and
more at the low end fall off the economic ship.  At first they will become
poor, but that is politically impossible to maintain in a largely democratic
world.  Skills will increase for a time building out a modern infrastructure
(as in India and China), but after that, there is nothing for most to
do...and more and more automation taking the roles that people would have
It's really a question of politics.  If you love your children, teach them
science and engineering.  Those people will be the last to be at risk.   Or
a new system will arise.  What could or would that new system be?  Not sure.
 Unlike most people on this list, I do not believe people will embrace a
permissive equality where mass low levels of existence will be tolerated.
 Will the intelligent slaughter the weak?  Probably.
On Sun, Apr 18, 2010 at 6:59 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2010-04-19 15:00:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] pessimism on thailand 
When there is no way out...no decision will be made for as long as possible
in the hope that a way out develops.  Expect a long stand-off.

@_date: 2010-04-21 09:45:37
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Re: [VBbuilders] Why and how work together? 
There are two things commonly missing from free and open source work: 1.)
Overall design. 2) Integration.  Really they are one in the same.  What
profit does very well is to create incentives for big plans/solutions and to
motivate people to attempt to solve big plans and solutions.  The
individualism of P2P tends to rely on stigmergy as a solution.  Trouble is,
stigmergy is not very efficient in time use or resource use.
Sam's solution seems to bridge the two...which is to say, it is the same
solution as many other nonprofit foundations--using management technology
along side free/open source strategies.  In a sense, this makes the commons
more important, and P2P less important.  I'm not sure that's not the way to
go in general.
I'm really starting to think that the bloom is off individualism; that
management as a technology has won, and that free is inevitable.  The last
piece of the equation I cannot solve is why co-ops are not spontaneously
developing all over.  The thing in the high Andes that Michel forwarded
makes utter sense to me.  Why don't the red shirts in Thailand do a thousand
of those?  There must be a technology or know-how that is involved in making
something like that work that is more complex than it seems from the
outside.  My guess is that most organizations tend to be too utopian and too
democratic and thus fail like the 60s US commune movement to be an
attractive place to exist even for those so inclined.

@_date: 2010-04-21 12:13:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Re: [VBbuilders] Why and how work together? 
I do not doubt your accuracy, but it begs more questions from me that I hope
you will blog to or mention here:
1. Where is the "how-to" industry of co-ops?  Where do I find how to do it
in a range of settings?
2. Why does your last point seem so surprising?  If this is known, why do
orgs like civil society and even UN type entities fail to promote co-ops?
3. Why has there been such little synergy between co-ops and
microfinance? -- microfinance is shrinking right now...people can't pay the
loans.  Co-ops would reduce risks.

@_date: 2010-04-25 08:54:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] self-learning art school 
Hi Michel:
I've backed off somewhat writing for the blog because I feel my opinions are
often outliers for how many of our associates feel.  I am more capitalist,
more pro-American, more pro-management and often dystopian in terms of my
futurism where more anarchist and utopian socialist threads lead.
Whether I am neoliberal, etc. is a set of labels I'll let others apply.  I
seem myself as a pragmatic progressive with a leaning toward transhumanism.
 In US terms, I am a centrist Democrat.
If anyone has a problem with my writing being perceived as representative, I
am happy to continue on as I am now leaving the leadership to be more
Euro-green/leftist...with my being the grouch in the gallery.
I will draft something in this area as Kevin suggests...but I invite anyone
to suggest to Michel that my views should be "limited" in terms of the
Foundation and any functionality a blog or two could have as being
representative.  I take no offense at that.  As Michel has amply said, not
all groups can reflect all people all the time.

@_date: 2010-04-26 08:30:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The "Free Market" requires scarcity 
To me, this is a crucial theme.  To flip a few questions on their heads, we
need to ask a set of basic questions:
1. Is there some reason why, given a plurality of nations and cultures, that
a "correct" economic system has not arisen?
By way of partial answer to my own question, I have serious doubts that
there is anything new under the sun without significant technology changes.
That is, I am will to declare the end of political economics as a separate
field from technology futurism.  There is no "post-capitalism" absent
technology change or cataclysm beyond anything any sane person might wish
2. If P2P is really a technology and not a political movement, isn't there a
much broader umbrella for participation and hope?
3. If the issue is technology, and not purely commons, what sorts of
technologies are sea change/game change impactors that will move things in
some positive direction?
4. What are we not willing to give up?  I think this is really the dividing
question where politics are concerned.
A. Liberty to make a profit
B. Liberty to hire wage workers
C. Liberty to accept work as a wage earner
D. Freedom from collective takings of property
E. The right to property
F. The right to personal sovereignty (and definitions of what that means)
G. The right to form nations/states and the right to establish certain rules
and orders in those states
H. The right to have co-operative or corporate entities
I. The right to form and share commons
J. Freedom of movement
K. Freedom of expression
L. Freedom to transfer wealth from one party to another
M. Freedom from...?
Partial Answer:  For me, P2P hints at a refinement of existing co-operative
elements combined with the hope that technologies will allow low cost
sharing in manners that eliminate the market value of most intellectual
property--not through unlawful takings, but through the obvious capacity of
people to build alternative mechanisms to those created at cost by investors
and to redistribute those alternatives at prices that make capital
investment profit less likely if not impossible.  That is, technology is
causing a movement to free and a movement to "here comes everybody."
If this partial answer is true...P2P ought to search out the following:
1. How to enable and expand co-ops
2. How to redistribute the intellectual know-how of society in fair and
appropriate means so as to expedite an expanding free universe.
3. How to discuss and predict outcomes as older social systems predicated on
credit/investment/profit frameworks start to become infeasible.
4. How to interject value propositions concerned externalities (e.g. the
environment) that are often overlooked in conventional political economic
and social discourses.
Just some random thoughts...

@_date: 2010-04-26 08:42:01
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P research 
I would like to join this party but I don't know how.  What I am hoping for
is a "how to" component of a wiki that spells out viable paths to moving to
the boundary edges of the field.  That is, how does someone get into the
game and then catch up?  What are the short-cuts?  Overall, we need to
understand where the boundary areas are.  Markets do this through failure
and success of investments and ventures?  How can an open and free system do
it with some efficiency?  How do we avoid drowning in uninteresting side
paths?  Where is the discourse of an open framework if not in a semi-edited

@_date: 2010-04-26 08:44:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Pay-it-forward Mutuals and Cooperatives 
Sounds like a sort of social venture capital fund for social
entrepreneurship.  Really a social security type of system that expects not
defined benefits but defined investments in a future social venture.

@_date: 2010-04-26 21:28:53
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Here's Why China Has Tons More Urbanization And Tons 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Here's Why China Has Tons More
Urbanization And Tons More Demand Growth Ahead via Clusterstock by Joe
Weisenthal on 4/26/10
In a note that's bullish on mining and commodities, Morgan Stanley's
European Strategy Team produces a few excellent charts on the prospect
for demand growth in China.
This one, on the country's relative lack of urbanization is very nice.
And now, the connection between urbanization and retail demand growth
Join the conversation about this story ?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Clusterstock using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-27 08:31:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] General AI around the corner? 
If the following is true...the path to general AI...brain-like replacement
machines...could be much closer than anyone now anticipates...

@_date: 2010-04-27 09:23:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The three exodus and the transition towards the 
Hi Michel:
A few thoughts on what you write:
1. The world is urbanizing in a hurry.  That isn't slowing.  So exodus seems
some time away.
2. I don't think the biosphere is the imminent issue of capitalism...maybe
in 100 years...but the issue will, IMO, be long solved by then.
3. Instead, the imminent issue is labour...as is was in the rise of
feudalism and the rise of capitalism...in short, the issue was productivity
changes through organization (e.g. guilds and trading networks) and then
through technology (the steam engine, etc.).  The same is true now.  The
death of capitalism is occuring because labour productivity cannot keep pace
with the changes in automation.  In other words, humans are becoming
obsolete.  This either means that population falls sharply (what many
capitalists like Buffett believe) or we find a new system of Hans Moravec
like robo-socialism.  I tend to see a blending of both outcomes especially
with a lot more transhumanism (which I think touches on your Negri Hardt
The future is close...not more than 30 years off.  By future, I mean a major
systematic transition.  To my mind, that transition is driven almost
exclusively by technology.  Today is YouTube's fifth birthday.  Imagine.  I
had a recent discussion with a biologist who said "hold on to your ankles"
the world is about to start turning very fast.  Aubrey de Grey...no dummy,
is saying very similar things.  Cambridge England is all abuzz now in
general about post-humanism as is the campus of MIT.  It isn't carbon that's
going to be the driver...it is technology.  Thus, the systemic crisis you
await will be much more internalized...as it was in the others.  Rome fell
from within, not from without.  Feudalism arose from structural
instabilities of production in urban places and the need for distributed
labour systems that made sense absent a strong state.

@_date: 2010-04-27 19:00:00
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?It=27s_the_Economy=2C_Stupid=E2=80=94But?= 
"London the most unequal city it the world"
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: It's the Economy, Stupid?But Not
in Britain via Big Think by seddonm at verizon.net (Mark Seddon) on 4/27/10
Here then is the hidden truth that none of the established political
parties will tell the electorate in this, the penultimate week in what
is fast proving to be one of the most unpredictable General Elections
in modern times. Whichever party is elected, or whatever coalition may
have to be assembled, the respected and independent Institute for
Fiscal Studies say that deep public expenditure cuts?of between ?47
Billion to ?56 Billion?will have to be made over the next four-year
Loosely translated, this means that Britain is about to enter into a
period of austerity not witnessed since the OPEC-induced economic
meltdown of the 1980s. But Britain will enter this new age of austerity
with add-on handicaps. For one, the gap between rich and poor has not
been this great since Victorian times. London is now the most unequal
city in the Western World. Yes, that means London is more divided and
unequal than New York. To this may be added the unpalatable truth that
our manufacturing base is wizened, and our industrial base virtually
disappeared. And just before we move on from this cocktail of gloom,
Britain?s North Sea Oil is about to run out, and the banking crisis has
left the de-regulated City of London reeling like a Highland dancer.
In the heads and hearts, most Britons know this to be true. They also
understand that they, rather than the greedy bankers or many of the
tax-avoiding, money-laundering super-wealthy, are about to catch it in
the neck. Not surprisingly, the main political parties who are keen to
paint themselves as representing ?hope over fear? have manifestly
misread the national mood, which veers from contempt to outright fury.
Hence the fluidity in the polls, most of which have some pecuniary
attachment to a vested interest allied to various press barons.
Although there has been at least a degree of consistency over the fact
that the first televised debate put the least unsullied of the
political leaders, Nick Clegg and his Liberal Democrats, in the lead.
But overall the Conservatives just have it, followed by the Liberal
Democrats, with Labour?the ruling party?in third place, potentially
facing a squeeze.
Since the main parties have only one more week of trying to keep the
lid on the great debate that should have been taking place?the
economy?my guess is that the Conservatives will claw back some support,
as voter begin to fret over what a ?hung Parliament? and a coalition
Government of back door deals might mean in practice. My prediction,
for what it is worth, is that the Conservative will achieve a small
overall majority, Labour will be reduced to its heartlands, the Liberal
Democrats will do well and there will be some major local upsets, not
least in Buckingham where I live. Here the Speaker of the House of
Commons, sullied by his expense claims could yet go down in flames.
But if I am wrong, and no overall party emerges the winner, then it
could be partly due to the fact that all three will have ignored that
famous dictum from President Bill Clinton: ?It?s the economy, stupid!?
Topics: Politics & Policy
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Big Think using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-04-28 08:50:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the future of distributed manufacturing in 
Hi Michel,
I would immediately defer to Sam, but I have spent some considerable time
catching up on this topic particularly with regard to "rep rap" which
interests me at a number of levels.
First, machines are getting smaller...owning old manufacturing capacity is a
waste of time.  Surprisingly often, machines in US plants are WW2 era
technologies.  I've been in them and seen this first hand.  India has the
option of moving forward by buying such technologies, but China is already
there to a large extent.  It is US naivete about the Chinese to think they
are "behind" in most areas of manutech.  Further, Japan is generally ahead
of the US in most of these areas.  If China wanted it, they'd buy/steal it
from Japan.
Second, economies of scale are what is dying...so the whole theory of the
note is silly.
Third, the real innovations are coming not it stuff but in electronics and
especially bionics.
Fourth, the major area of change isn't so much CNC screw and cutting tools
as it is in 3D printers.
If you want to watch this space for small system developments, do a few
persistent google searches on "rep rap"   It is moving fast, but it isn't
there yet, and the momentum is for small plants...as it has been.  Italy is
quite the leader for odd reasons (mostly tax avoidance).  They build
eye-glass frames, belt buckles, watch and pen parts, etc. for high-end
brands.  It is an excellent economic strategy.
If I were a co-op now, I'd build elite high price products on open
source/free technology foundations.  That's the way to compete.  It could be
chocolates, wine, pen nibs, ties, high end shoes, etc.  Luxury items are
where the cash is still flowing.  Co-ops should take that cash by joining in
the production stream while high returns are still feasible.  Soon they will
be gone.

@_date: 2010-04-28 08:59:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Hi Michel,
Curious as to how Greece is showing the way.
They will be impoverished by the lies of their politicians.  There is no way
for them to default and to continue on as a serious economy.  As such, their
talent will leave and they will be left with old and unskilled poor people.
Spain is next.  Portugal is already dead.
The question is whether Germany wants to bail out these nations and risk its
own default.  It seems they want to protect the Euro.
Stagnant wages since 1980 is an achievement...not a failure.  What comes
ahead is decline in standards for those nations that have wasted billions on
paying people for nothing and in not building quality education systems and
competitive infrastructures.  Capitalism may be dying, but it is still
dominant.  Those who slip out of it first will suffer most.

@_date: 2010-04-28 09:12:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the future of distributed manufacturing in 
Hi Michel,
You know me too well...I am a realist!
BUT given your constraint, I am increasingly optimistic.  The Make Magazine
culture is rising fast and it is moving into biotech and electronics at a
furious rate...particularly in the Pacific rim.
I think the future increasingly looks Chinese.  It is small systems based,
low margin and high tech.  It looks more like the Middle Ages in economic
terms than now.  Big firms are screwed.  They need major money projects
which draw competitors and their are fewer barriers to entry so Google and
Apple beat each others brains out and the consumer mostly wins.  Soon this
will happen in medicine and similar areas.  Big drug firms are dying for
similar reasons.  Everything is going small.
There will be great poverty in places that "drop out."  The answer is
tinkering, co-ops, tech learning and investment, and innovation.  The answer
is decidedly not, low work, low merit-based sharing systems.  That will lead
to great suffering...as it has for some time.
My advice to developing places is make stuff rich people want.  Brazil,
Switzerland, Northern Italy, Finland, parts of France and Germany, Belgium,
Malaysia, Singapore, parts of Japan and China, California, Vermont, North
Carolina, parts of Texas and a few others are doing this.
Those stuck on anti-colonial and anti-capitalism modes of discourse will
bring extreme pain and poverty to those they seek to "serve."  Those who
build tech and know-how and then give it away are heros.  Our friend Sam and
his associates are the model.  We need to replicate that 50,000 times.  The
red shirts are the evil.  Their pain and hope is just, but their methods and
approaches are destructive.  The answer is the co-op in the Andies...work
hard, work smart, be innovative, have fun, tinker, make and enjoy a life of
the mind in a rapidly changing world where information is readily available
to all.  I think people are starting to do that...giving up on social
security systems, etc. and government hand-outs and overpaid civil service
and university jobs that add little or no value.

@_date: 2010-04-28 09:27:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Hi Michel,
Those who have worked hard in Greece, who have not gamed the system for easy
days at high wages, have my sincerest sympathies.  They have been robbed by
their countrymen who stole their economy from them.  Mostly they have been
robbed by politicians who failed to take decisive cuts so as to stay in
office...instead opting to give high wages to old people and unproductive
people.  There is simply no future in that...now or anytime soon.
I hate the injustices of capitalism as much as anyone.  But people must
demonstrate a value.  Yes, there needs to be a basic level of human dignity,
etc., but that is not a middle class European life for all when nothing is
Somehow the left must be made to understand that there are no free lunches.
 The right must be made to understand that they capacity to take all the
lunches is not justification for doing so.  I don't think the rich robbed
Greece so much as the wasteful and unproductive have robbed it.  I
sympathize with those who are not so...but too often those persons are
already working in Amsterdam, London, or Berlin.  It will be more so in that
direction.  What the country needs now is soul searching about how to
rebuild, pay the debt, cut off the high wages for low productivity, and by
doing these things, how to enter the world economy again.  It will be
painful, but there is no other feasible alternative but severe poverty.  If
they choose to drop out...they will have 40 years of Eastern European like

@_date: 2010-04-29 12:33:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Concerning wikiworld and its use of socialist 
I must say I sympathize deeply with the tone Daniel is using.

@_date: 2010-04-29 20:50:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The three exodus and the transition towards the 
do i disagree with your final points?  No, not significantly.

@_date: 2010-04-30 17:28:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Concerning wikiworld and its use of socialist 
Once again, I agree with all below.  Of the three, Nietzsche offends me
most...but the only Rousseau and Marx would be near finishers.

@_date: 2010-08-01 13:28:33
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Robots performing surgery with full autonomy 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Robots performing surgery with
full autonomy via Artificial Intelligence and Robotics by Awesom-o on
Robotic arms have been used in medical procedures for a while now,
providing surgeons a level of steadiness and precision that few human
hands can replicate. Now, however, things are moving forward to a
future where these robot arms will be able to perform such operations
almost entirely on their own.
At the present we are only talking about biopsies, or dealing with dead
patients. A safe way to start, but scientists at the Duke University in
North Carolina have already seen these robots achieve a 93% success
rate when cutting into prostate tissue. A dead turkey, whose flesh has
a similar texture to humans, was used in the experiments. The robotic
arms used ultrasound to locate the exact placement of the organs, and
then took real-time 3D information which told them what to do next.
The leader of the team, Professor Stephen Smith, explained that the
next test they will undertake is to try out the arm on a human
mannequin. This dummy will have a ?stiff bra cup? with a grape embedded
inside, to mimic a cancerous lesion. The robot?s job will be to remove
this lesion while following correct medical procedure and saving the
person?s life (theoretically). One of the main problems that will need
to be addressed is improving the robots? speed when it comes to
obtaining and processing the data from the ultrasounds, but a more
powerful processor and a more effective algorithm can help overcome
this challenge.
The professor is hopeful that success in these tests will pave the way
for a lot more robots doing surgeries on their own, not just biopsies.
This would save patients time and money, which is one of the biggest
problems in the healthcare industry today. Hopefully, they?ll be able
to offer some type of medical guarantee as well.
A brief video showing a medical robot undergoing trials follows.
[source]Scientific Memory Games: Improve your cognitive abilities.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Artificial Intelligence and Robotics using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-08-15 17:59:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Issue of bullying within private p2p-f 
Sorry, I've been off a bit.  It is probably appropriate for someone else to
pick up my list support duties as my personally life keeps me too busy to do
I have liked Alex and I don't see this as parallel to Nathan or the other
fellow whose name I forget.
Alex is not loony.  He is angry.  What is coming through here is a
frustration, to my mind, with the idea of Michel's guidance of the
foundation as its founder and, effectively, it's proxy owner or surrogate.
I don't think that frustration is merited.  I think a point was being
made...but that lives were at stake in the discussion.  Namely, Michel has a
personal stake in his role in what the Foundation is and what it becomes,
and anyone who doesn't understand that has never started anything.
That said, organizations have the right to govern themselves how they see
fit within the law.  In fact, I think that's what Alex has been saying as
I've read it.  But organizations don't follow ideals and are imperfect.
That much I know.
I have long admired Michel as I do still, and he is a man of ideals while
yet, as anyone, imperfect.
Sadly, language has been used here on both sides that burned bridges.  In
business, I've long learned to avoid such language.  No good comes of it.
Ever.  It merely raises stakes until someone must crack and walk.  If that's
the intent, it is a form of "chicken" as in racing two cars toward each
other until someone flinches.
I recommend, you both try to write something conciliatory...and if that is
impossible to find a path of mutually beneficial advancement, I recommend
Alex move on.  He is a smart guy and has a thousand futures.  I also
recommend that the governance processes of the Foundation become more
formal...whatever the ideal in play.  Organizations always have crises, and
this one will be no different.  Mechanisms to face them will always be

@_date: 2010-08-16 20:34:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Issue of bullying within private p2p-f 
Hi Michel,
I like to pull my weight, and I am not sure I can right now.  If someone
else wants to do it, it would be a favor to me.
If not, I will carry on.

@_date: 2010-08-16 19:57:28
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] People who cannot escape a system are likely to 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: People who cannot escape a
system are likely to defend the status quo via Machines Like Us -
Science at the speed of thought by NLN on 16/08/10
A new study published in Psychological Science, a journal of the
Association for Psychological Science, finds that people who are told
that their right to emigrate will be restricted have what could be
considered a strange reaction: they respond by defending their
country's system.
read more
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Machines Like Us - Science at the speed of thought using
Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favourite sites

@_date: 2010-08-17 08:48:28
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Issue of bullying within private p2p-f 
You are welcome, Michel.  I am a fan, and you are not rid of me that
easily.  Thanks, Franco!

@_date: 2010-08-19 11:52:40
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Paradigm change in the practice of science? 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Paradigm change in the practice
of science? via Deric Bownds' MindBlog by mdbownds at wisc.edu (Deric
Bownds) on 19/08/10
John Markoff writes an interesting article on how fundamentally
critical discourse in mathematics and physics is being transformed by
the web. The case in point was the claim by a researcher that he had
demonstrated that P (the set of problems that can be easily solved)
does not equal NP (those problems that are difficult to solve, but easy
to verify once a solution is found). This inequality is fundamental to
the modern cryptography required for electronic commerce and digital
privacy. The proposed proof was found to have significant shortcomings
within weeks, instead of the months to years required by exchanges of
written papers and debate at scientific meetings, because discussion
and analysis was carried out in real time on blogs and a wiki that had
been quickly set up for the purpose of collectively analyzing the
paper. Clay Shirky, author of ?Cognitive Surplus: Creativity and
Generosity in a Connected Age? argues:
....that the emergence of these new collaborative tools is paving the
way for a second scientific revolution in the same way the printing
press created a demarcation between the age of alchemy and the age of
chemistry...a new set of norms is emerging about what it means to do
mathematics, assuming coordinated participation.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Deric Bownds' MindBlog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favourite sites

@_date: 2010-08-20 14:58:17
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Male Labor Force Composition 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Male Labor Force Composition
via Early Warning by Stuart Staniford on 20/08/10
This morning, I have a few graphs of the breakdown of the US male
population aged 25-54. The data are quarterly, seasonally adjusted, and
from the BLS Current Population Survey. Above shows the basic data -
the fraction of that population that is employed, officially
unemployed, or just fallen out of the labor force altogether. The
following points seem of interest:
- 1970 was the year when the leading edge of the baby boom turned 25.
Note that the size of the population in this age band starts to climb
steeply for here.
- In 2000, the leading edge of the baby boom turned 55, and the size of
the population has been growing more slowly since then (or even a
little before - heart attacks?). Recently, this population is almost
- Note that the initial effect of the great recession is initially to
boost the size of the unemployed slice (red), but now it's mainly
causing people to leave the labor force altogether.Next up is the same
data, only showing the breakdown between the three categories.
You can see that while the fraction unemployed shrinks and grows with
each boom and bust, the not-in-labor-force category just continues to
grow steadily.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Early Warning using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favourite sites

@_date: 2010-08-20 16:03:07
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Stiglitz: Needed: a New Economic Paradigm 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Stiglitz: Needed: a New
Economic Paradigm via Economist's View by Mark Thoma on 19/08/10
Joseph Stiglitz says adding bells and whistles to the current vintage
of macroeconomic models will not fix what is wrong with them, "Nothing
less than a paradigm shift will do":
Needed: a new economic paradigm, by By Joseph Stiglitz, Comentary,
Financial Times: The blame game continues over who is responsible for
the worst recession since the Great Depression ? the financiers who did
such a bad job of managing risk or the regulators who failed to stop
them. But the economics profession bears more than a little
culpability. It provided the models that gave comfort to regulators
that markets could be self-regulated; that they were efficient and
self-correcting. The efficient markets hypothesis ... ruled the day.
Today, not only is our economy in a shambles but so too is the economic
paradigm that predominated in the years before the crisis ? or at least
it should be. It is hard for non-economists to understand how peculiar
the predominant macroeconomic models were. Many assumed demand had to
equal supply ? and that meant there could be no unemployment. (Right
now a lot of people are just enjoying an extra dose of leisure; why
they are unhappy is a matter for psychiatry, not economics.) Many used
?representative agent models? ? all individuals were assumed to be
identical, and this meant there could be no meaningful financial
markets (who would be lending money to whom?). Information asymmetries,
the cornerstone of modern economics, also had no place: they could
arise only if individuals suffered from acute schizophrenia, an
assumption incompatible with another of the favored assumptions, full
rationality. Bad models lead to bad policy: central banks, for
instance, focused on the small economic inefficiencies arising from
inflation, to the exclusion of the far, far greater inefficiencies
arising from dysfunctional financial markets and asset price bubbles.
After all, their models said that financial markets were always
efficient. Remarkably, standard macroeconomic models did not even
incorporate adequate analyses of banks...: even a cursory look at the
perverse incentives confronting banks and their managers would have
predicted short-sighted behavior with excessive risk-taking. ...
Fortunately, while much of the mainstream focused on these flawed
models, numerous researchers were engaged in developing alternative
approaches. ... With a few exceptions, most central banks paid little
attention to systemic risk and the risks posed by credit interlinkages.
Years before the crisis, a few researchers focused on these issues,
including the possibility of the bankruptcy cascades that were to play
out in such an important way in the crisis. This is an example of the
importance of modeling carefully complex interactions among economic
agents (households, companies, banks) ? interactions that cannot be
studied in models in which everyone is assumed to be the same. Even the
sacrosanct assumption of rationality has been attacked: there are
systemic deviations from rationality and consequences for macroeconomic
behavior that need to be explored. Changing paradigms is not easy. Too
many have invested too much in the wrong models. Like the Ptolemaic
attempts to preserve earth-centric views of the universe, there will be
heroic efforts to add complexities and refinements to the standard
paradigm. The resulting models will be an improvement and policies
based on them may do better, but they too are likely to fail. Nothing
less than a paradigm shift will do.
But a new paradigm, I believe, is within our grasp... What is at stake,
of course, is more than just the credibility of the economics
profession or that of the policymakers who rely on their ideas: it is
the stability and prosperity of our economies.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Economist's View using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favourite sites

@_date: 2010-08-24 10:13:20
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Surfing The Gift Economy 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Surfing The Gift Economy via
PSFK by Michael Brooks on 23/08/10
The popular travel community from Couchsurfing highlights the
resurgence of an culture of sharing.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to PSFK using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favourite sites

@_date: 2010-02-02 11:28:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: A proposal seeking your Endorsement 
You should sign it as an individual.  You need not be a delegate from the
Foundation.  Even if you were, you are certainly entitled to your own
I, for example, can represent myself by not signing it.  Frankly, I'm
sympathetic to 70% of it--especially the parts that have nothing whatsoever
to do with socialism.  Like the other -isms, I am disappointed always by the
unwillingness to go against real issues of their own system... e.g. where is
freedom of movement or freedom of expression in this declaration?
Gathering to re-acclaim old messages seems a bit futile, but all parties and
associations do it.  That's what institutions do.  I do agree with your
point that P2P is effectively non-institutional...one other reason why I
continue to argue it is impossible to subsume P2P under capitalism or

@_date: 2010-02-03 09:57:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] iPad DRM is a dangerous step backward. Sign the 
This is almost exactly the point I was making (or trying to make).  Normal
social processes erode DRM.  It isn't something worth fighting.  If it leads
to innovation, it is a good thing, because evolutionary forces will
undoubtedly erode it over a relatively brief period.

@_date: 2010-02-03 10:04:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I of course agree with all this.  People ought not to coerce.  But the
capitalists will agree just as soon as the socialists do.  Neither will so
agree.  In the end, politics is about self-interest.  It is only overcome
when systems evolve to mutual interest or stalemate.  Stalemates are dead
ends.  P2P offers benefits to all without politics or stalemates.  Wikipedia
should always be allowed to be compelling with its own model.  I
see no justification for anyone blocking free and open.  I also see no
reason for people to be punished for not choosing free and open.  If
Wikipedia is not chosen as compelling, it ought not to exist.  By all means,
let's have a level playing field.  But IP is part of a level playing field.

@_date: 2010-02-03 10:34:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: A proposal seeking your Endorsement 
I look forward to the day when the various -isms receive a general shoulder
shrug.  People who are against systems remind me of people who are against
races or religions.  It's all just so nonsensical.  We ought to know that
things are not right or wrong systematically.  But alignment is
unfortunately necessary in these days of late institutionalism.

@_date: 2010-02-03 12:58:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
I think it is high time to separate the term artificial scarcity from
abundance.  Abundance is about capacity.  Artificial scarcity isn't.  I
think there is no coherent view of what artificial scarcity is or what it
would look like in practice in a modern society.  Increasingly I am of a
mind that "artificial scarcity" is a nonsensical term.  It sounds like it
means someone is blocking abundance.  That isn't what it means.  It means
someone is taking abundance.  Those are two very different ideas.

@_date: 2010-02-03 13:10:30
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] really interesting take on the iPad 
It is obviously very close to the arguments I make about
religiousness/politics of P2P or open.  I couldn't agree more.  Rather than
being compelling, people want their way to be a cult.  Doesn't and shouldn't
work that way.  In any case, it won't work that way...which is more
important than the other (doesn't and shouldn't) by far.

@_date: 2010-02-03 13:22:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
IP doesn't block free and open.  It blocks theft.  You say it isn't theft.
The world disagrees with you. So do I.  "Artificial scarcity" is as absurd
as communal property.  I always think of the wonderful scene in Dr. Zhivago
where he walks into his own house after the war to find the more "just"
solution of everyone living in it.  People have rights.  One of those rights
is the right to own their own ideas.  There are obviously boundaries as
there are with all other rights (takings from a government for the public
good are perfectly reasonable actions...in real or intellectual property.)
If someone owned a vaccine and the world needed it and they wouldn't sell,
governments ought to take it.  To say we all need free access to Let It Be
because we can copy it from one machine to another is a farce.  Obviously
balances need to be struck.  People should represent factions, interests and
approaches and sort it out.  Preferably, some turn will move IP into public
domains (which it always has...) at a reasonable length of time...in most of
the world it is 75 years after a death...not unreasonable.  People should be
encouraged by the commons to add to it.  It is antithetical to the commons
to be compelled to participate in it.
But on another point.  No, politics (and economics) is NOT about
I was with you up to the last sentence which denies any notion of
competition.  Competition is part of who we are as animals and as
organisms.  It isn't going to change.  Saying politics is exclusively about
self-interest is indeed wrong and absurd.  To say it is not about
self-interest is no less wrong and absurd.  It is far more about
self-interest than not so.  But it is not exclusively about self-interests.
There is no good theory (biological or philosophical) I know of that
suggests otherwise.  Even false consciousness in Marxism makes the game
about self-interests.

@_date: 2010-02-03 13:53:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
It is a good discussion point and I think an important one.  In law, there
is great importance given to precident.  Precident is a social rule we can
follow.  They can certainly change--there was a precident for states to have
the capacity to punish with death.  Some nations have made that impossible
as a fundamental rights issue.  Times can indeed change.
But there is precident in most societies for the right to own property.
There are also precidents for organized "takings" usually in real property
law but also in intellectual property law...vaccines or medical discoveries
are the classic example in IP.  If you owned the way to cure cancer and
would not share, it would be appropriate for society to take it from
you.  However, takings assumes property rights.
Artificial scarcity seems to deny property rights to ideas.   CC3 and Lessig
have always been clear that they want to preserve and protect rights.
Artificial scarcity suggests that anything blocking the right of access is
"artificial."  If so, bike locks are "artificial" too.
In my view, the best system from where we sit is one where more and more
rights are entered into a commons.
There are several entities I have not seen:
1. An organization that raises money to buy property rights of ideas and put
them into a commons much like a land trust can do.  A manufacturing system
that builds open items should own a commons trust of patterns for the
distributed foundry "members" of the commons.
2. A commons that solicits donations from those who hold IP just as a
college or charity solicits the gift of estates from affiliates.  For
example, where is the P2P commons entity that offers someone a license
annuity for their IP while they grow old on the basis that the underlying IP
becomes part of the commons when they die?  That's a no brainer.  It has
been part of civil society management for a generation or more.  I see it
nowhere in commons entities...or nowhere prominent.
My preferred model is Wikipedia raising money to buy Britannica and then
giving it away.  To my mind, Google comes close to this by selling
advertising.  Bill Gates is effectively doing it by converting Microsoft
wealth into vaccine discoveries.  Others do it by giving stock to Harvard or
Johns Hopkins for medical discoveries.  Sure, they get intangible benefits,
but so what?  There is precident for those and there is no compelling reason
to take them away.
We can go round and round whether the little old lady gets her soap operas
for free on the television.  She thinks she does.  She is compelled by the
deal.  To here, the airways are a commons accessible by the purchase of a
set of rabbit ears and a set.  So much so that when the "free" airways were
about to go away with digital broadcast, there was a huge groundswell that
forced protection.  People are similarly motivated for land trusts.  Commons
ought to be international trusts.  It isn't rocket science to get people to
think a new way.  To theorize about taking their property rights away
is simply going to antagonize interests and make P2P a fringe force.

@_date: 2010-02-03 19:13:54
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] GSK's atonement - "We want to do more for people in 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: GSK's atonement - "We want to
do more for people in less-developed countries, those in the least
fortunate countries, resonates with the employees." via PharmaGossip by
insider on 2/3/10
Last month, in a speech before the Council on Foreign Relations in New
York, GSK's CEO Andrew Witty pledged to expand his company's pool of
patented compounds that others can use for free to try to develop
medicines for neglected tropical diseases , and to hand control to a
nonprofit group.
Glaxo will give up to 60 outside scientists from universities and
foundations access to a lab facility it calls the first-ever Open Lab,
for developing new medicines for diseases plaguing poor countries.
Witty also said Glaxo will give scientists around the globe free access
to data on 13,500 drug compounds that show some effectiveness against
malaria, one of the most devastating tropical diseases.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to PharmaGossip using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-03 15:29:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I think what you are espousing is a pretty vanilla form of anarchy.  I'm not
going to convince you to change that obviously.  Maybe you'll convince
someone else here of find those on a similar path.  But it isn't a path that
most people are going to accept or find compelling.  For me, P2P is about
meaningful impact and being compelling.  Others have other agendas.
I like living in a world of laws, modes of change and liberties.  I also
like living in a world of human rights.  I am more that willing to subscribe
to US views of rights or those of the Human Rights Convention.  Both suit me
just fine.  Do they go far enough?  No.  But that's the level where society
is comfortable.  I cannot determine what I think laws ought to be and then
just act as if that is the case.  Anarchists believe such approaches are
desirable.  I don't.  It hasn't worked in the many dozens of times it has
been tried, and it won't work anytime soon.  So, it really is a theoretical
discussion.  The older I get, the less interested in those I am.  I like
things that matter.

@_date: 2010-02-03 15:45:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I was thinking about John Zerzan in reading your stuff.  I actually think
anarchism is internally coherent.  It isn't any way people want to live
(99.999% of us) but it is consistent.  It would, I think, be tragic if P2P
was every associated too much with conventional anarchism, but I can see the
ties that bind.

@_date: 2010-02-03 19:08:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Well, you are certainly willing to say whatever you want.  But so am I.
I have no grand knowledge other than what people want and my own opinions.
Other than that, I try to rely on science...which I think you rather
dismissively referred to as being an "analytic type."  I am definitely one
of those.  But I've struggled through my share of Zizek and Zerzan both.
Indeed, I think I've posted links to both of them in this very list.  I
always try to read things I disagree with.  It is method I use to learn.
States are technologies.  Of course everyone starts out without them.  I
agree that states are competitive so far.  That doesn't surprise me since
humans are competitive...even the Yanomamo.
I've not interviewed a one.  And how many Papuans have you counted?
Sure we do.  We know they want to not be poor.  Every chance they get they
leave families, home lands and social structures to get an education to earn
money.  So much so that we literally have to wall them off from moving en
masse to opportunities.  China has the largest urbanization in history.  I
agree people don't like domination; they dislike poverty even more.
Of course they do.  People aren't perfect.  But they like governance.  Just
look at failed states like Somalia or even Jamaica and you'll see people who
live in abject misery for want of a working state.  States are typically
flawed in huge ways, but they alternative is, to me, far less appealing.
I've seen lots of utopian efforts.  Haven't seen one work.
Systems are imperfect and unjust. Show us how to do it without imperfection
and injustice.  My view is you focus on justice and dialogue and
productivity.  You educate people in ways that allow them to participate in
the desires and goals they esteem. Is it Nirvana?  No.  It's messy, broken,
constantly collapsing and easy to criticize.  It burns out good people
continually.  If I knew a better way...a consistently better way...I'd fight
for it.  The best I know of now is markets, democracy, good governance,
transparency, personal liberties, human rights...the whole spectrum of
modern governance.
Undoubtedly so.  The US imprisons ridiculously too many people in my view.
But a democratic society chooses those outcomes continually.  It isn't fair
and it is racist.  Those are things that need hard work to repair.
You need to re-read them.  The Constitution references patents.  The UN has
numerous documents, treaties and conventions on the protection of
intellectual property.  The Declaration has Article 17 which has numerous
times been discussed in terms of both physical and intellectual properties.
See also article 20...no one may be compelled to be in an association...
DRM a violation of the right to privacy?  By who's legal interpretation?
Any court so find?  In any nation?   You are certainly entitled to your
opinion. But the rest of us are entitled to our legal frameworks.
No one needs a phone.  If you don't like the system, don't participate.  If
you can implement a better system, I'm with you.  Certainly complain, rail,
protest, do all that is reasonable and legal to change injustices.  But
don't expect support when you decide what the rules should be without due
process and the instruments of society unless you are willing to suffer the
consequences when society finds you anti-social.   You say you want a
revolution?  Well, we all want to change the world.

@_date: 2010-02-03 20:00:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: The iTunes Store: just a detour on the way 
It's becoming a trend to write this article...once again, I agree.
On Wed, Feb 3, 2010 at 7:28 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2010-02-03 20:14:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] really interesting take on the iPad 
There is no one who says IP is perfect, or that there are not abuses.  There
are problems with every sort of legal framework.  That's why we have courts,
lawyers, advocates, associations, etc.  And yes, courts sometimes get it
wrong...and then we have legislatures...and they screw up too and we have
votes...and it all takes years and years frustratingly...and even then it
might now work.
But the trend is toward openness.  The trend is toward greater
transparency.  The trend is toward free.  Tim Lee is right.  Anyone who is
pushing very hard for DRM is walking into a stronger wind.  I think it can
work for a while.  Let's hope it motivates the rest of us to be clever in
response.  In the meantime, I'll be tuning in and tuning out to some Daft
Punk on my Touch.
My own view is that those things are going to happen without open source or
P2P heroes.  The system is simply evolving in that direction.  I salute the
catalysts who pushed things forward in a genuinely selfless way.  I hope
there are more of them.  But it really doesn't matter much either way.  It's
coming regardless.

@_date: 2010-02-04 01:21:57
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Applying utility functions to humans considered 
For the utilitarians out there...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Applying utility functions to
humans considered harmful via lesswrong: What's new on 2/3/10
Submitted by Kaj_Sotala 19 comments
There's a lot of discussion on this site that seems to be assuming
(implicitly or explicitly) that it's meaningful to talk about the
utility functions of individual humans. I would like to question this
To clarify: I don't question that you couldn't, in principle, model a
human's preferences by building this insanely complex utility function.
But there's an infinite amount of methods by which you could model a
human's preferences. The question is which model is the most useful,
and which models have the least underlying assumptions that will lead
your intuitions astray.
Utility functions are a good model to use if we're talking about
designing an AI. We want an AI to be predictable, to have stable
preferences, and do what we want. It is also a good tool for building
agents that are immune to Dutch book tricks. Utility functions are a
bad model for beings that do not resemble these criteria.
To quote Van Gelder (1995):
Much of the work within the classical framework is mathematically
elegant and provides a useful description of optimal reasoning
strategies. As an account of the actual decisions people reach,
however, classical utility theory is seriously flawed; human subjects
typically deviate from its recommendations in a variety of ways. As a
result, many theories incorporating variations on the classical core
have been developed, typically relaxing certain of its standard
assumptions, with varying degrees of success in matching actual human
choice behavior.
Nevertheless, virtually all such theories remain subject to some
further drawbacks:
(1) They do not incorporate any account of the underlying motivations
that give rise to the utility that an object or outcome holds at a
given time.
(2) They conceive of the utilities themselves as static values, and can
offer no good account of how and why they might change over time, and
why preferences are often inconsistent and inconstant.
(3) They offer no serious account of the deliberation process, with its
attendant vacillations, inconsistencies, and distress; and they have
nothing to say about the relationships that have been uncovered between
time spent deliberating and the choices eventually made.
Curiously, these drawbacks appear to have a common theme; they all
concern, one way or another, temporal aspects of decision making. It is
worth asking whether they arise because of some deep structural feature
inherent in the whole framework which conceptualizes decision-making
behavior in terms of calculating expected utilities.
One model that attempts to capture actual human decision making better
is called decision field theory. (I'm no expert on this theory, having
encountered it two days ago, so I can't vouch for how good it actually
is. Still, even if it's flawed, it's useful for getting us to think
about human preferences in what seems to be a more realistic way.)
Here's a brief summary of how it's constructed from traditional utility
theory, based on Busemeyer & Townsend (1993). See the article for the
mathematical details, closer justifications and different failures of
classical rationality which the different stages explain.
Stage 1: Deterministic Subjective Expected Utility (SEU) theory.
Basically classical utility theory. Suppose you can choose between two
different alternatives, A and B. If you choose A, there is a payoff of
200 utilons with probability S1, and a payoff of -200 utilons with
probability S2. If you choose B, the payoffs are -500 utilons with
probability S1 and +500 utilons with probability S2. You'll choose A if
the expected utility of A, S1 * 200 + S2 * -200 is higher than the
expected utility of B, S1 * -500 + S2 * 500, and B otherwise.
Stage 2: Random SEU theory. In stage 1, we assumed that the
probabilities S1 and S2 stay constant across many trials. Now, we
assume that sometimes the decision maker might focus on S1, producing a
preference for action A. On other trials, the decision maker might
focus on S2, producing a preference for action B. According to random
SEU theory, the attention weight for variable Si is a continous random
variable, which can change from trial to trial because of attentional
fluctuations. Thus, the SEU for each action is also a random variable,
called the valence of an action. Deterministic SEU is a special case of
random SEU, one where the trial-by-trial fluctuation of valence is zero.
Stage 3: Sequential SEU theory. In stage 2, we assumed that one's
decision was based on just one sample of a valence difference on any
trial. Now, we allow a sequence of one or more samples to be
accumulated during the deliberation period of a trial. The attention of
the decision maker shifts between different anticipated payoffs,
accumulating weight to the different actions. Once the weight of one of
the actions reaches some critical threshold, that action is chosen.
Random SEU theory is a special case of sequential SEU theory, where the
amount of trials is one.
Consider a scenario where you're trying to make a very difficult, but
very important decisions. In that case, your inhibitory threshold for
any of the actions is very high, so you spend a lot of time considering
the different consequences of the decision before finally arriving to
the (hopefully) correct decision. For less important decisions, your
inhibitory threshold is much lower, so you pick one of the choices
without giving it too much thought.
Stage 4: Random Walk SEU theory. In stage 3, we assumed that we begin
to consider each decision from a neutral point, without any of the
actions being the preferred one. Now, we allow prior knowledge or
experiences to bias the initial state. The decision maker may recall
previous preference states, that are influenced in the direction of the
mean difference. Sequential SEU theory is a special case of random walk
theory, where the initial bias is zero.
Under this model, decisions favoring the status quo tend to be chosen
more frequently under a short time limit (low threshold), but a
superior decision is more likely to be chosen as the threshold grows.
Also, if previous outcomes have already biased decision A very strongly
over B, then the mean time to choose A will be short while the mean
time to choose B will be long.
Stage 5: Linear System SEU theory. In stage 4, we assumed that previous
experiences all contribute equally. Now, we allow the impact of a
valence difference to vary depending on whether it occurred early or
late (a primacy or recency effect). Each previous experience is given a
weight given by a growth-decay rate parameter. Random walk SEU theory
is a special case of linear system SEU theory, where the growth-decay
rate is set to zero.
Stage 6: Approach-Avoidance Theory. In stage 5, we assumed that, for
example, the average amount of attention given to the payoff (+500)
only depended on event S2. Now, we allow the average weight to be
affected by a another variable, called the goal gradient. The basic
idea is that the attractiveness of a reward or the aversiveness of a
punishment is a decreasing function of distance from the point of
commitment to an action. If there is little or no possibility of taking
an action, its consequences are ignored; as the possibility of taking
an action increases, the attention to its consequences increases as
well. Linear system theory is a special case of approach-avoidance
theory, where the goal gradient parameter is zero.
There are two different goal gradients, one for gains and rewards and
one for losses or punishments. Empirical research suggests that the
gradient for rewards tends to be flatter than that for punishments. One
of the original features of approach-avoidance theory was the
distinction between rewards versus punishments, closely corresponding
to the distinction of positively versus negatively framed outcomes made
by more recent decision theorists.
Stage 7: Decision Field Theory. In stage 6, we assumed that the time
taken to process each sampling is the same. Now, we allow this to
change by introducing into the theory a time unit h, representing the
amount of time it takes to retrieve and process one pair of anticipated
consequences before shifting attention to another pair of consequences.
If h is allowed to approach zero in the limit, the preference state
evolves in an approximately continous manner over time.
Approach-avoidance is a spe... you get the picture.
Now, you could argue that all of the steps above are just artifacts of
being a bounded agent without enough computational resources to
calculate all the utilities precisely. And you'd be right. And maybe
it's meaningful to talk about the "utility function of humanity" as the
outcome that occurs when a CEV-like entity calculated what we'd decide
if we could collapse Decision Field Theory back into Deterministic SEU
Theory. Or maybe you just say that all of this is low-level mechanical
stuff that gets included in the "probability of outcome" computation of
classical decision theory. But which approach do you think gives us
more useful conceptual tools in talking about modern-day humans?
You'll also note that even DFT (or at least the version of it
summarized in a 1993 article) assumes that the payoffs themselves do
not change over time. Attentional considerations might lead us to
attach a low value to some outcome, but if we were to actually end up
in that outcome, we'd always value it the same amount. This we know to
be untrue. There's probably some even better way of looking at human
decision making, one which I suspect might be very different from
classical decision theory.
So be extra careful when you try to apply the concept of a utility
function to human beings.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to lesswrong: What's new using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-04 05:49:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Is it pretending that socialism is a real modality?  When and where has
capitalism ever not been in force in a modern society?

@_date: 2010-02-04 09:58:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
HI Michel:
You are certainly more up-to-date on some these items than I am.
GreenXchange is news to me.  I did know about David Martin's work.  Great
stuff.  More is needed as I am sure you would agree.
I think I remain unconvinced on artificial scarcity (though you know I hold
Kevin in the highest esteem and you both have convinced me of many things).
I'd like to see us say more...really laying out what it means as a detailed
expression or manifesto.  I fear it means the end of IP.  That would be in
conflict with P2P in my view.
Of course we also need to start saying "an end to artificial scarcity" or
"post-artificial scarcity."  That is part of why I think abundance is a much
more useful term.  Abundance is about capacity.  The rest is supply and
demand...and rights.  If we have abundant means to produce something, the
rest is inevitable.  But this is not abundant capacity--the ability to
download a tract of knowledge, code or art owned by someone else.  That is
taking.  Taking is stealing.  Stealing is a fact.  Property is a fact.
Intellectual property exists.  The whole world--legal and rights
world--agrees.  It would truly be a fringe POV to say IP is not real.  Such
views can only hurt the Foundation and P2P advocacy in general.
If that is where we are headed, it crosses a clear and bright line for me.
I am strongly and completely against taking something without official
(state) approval.  Individuals who take from other individuals against their
will are simply stealing.  And states have, in my opinion, the full right to
stipulate the laws and regulations protecting information, art, knowledge,
etc.  If we don't like the rules, we should work to change them and to
provide alternatives.  We should not violate laws.  Of course there is a
moral point at which one is called upon to reject social rules--if commanded
to commit genocide, etc.  Being asked to not copy a piece of code is not
such a moral dilemma.  People who cannot distinguish the two really are not
capable discussing morality in reasonable terms in my view.  A categorical
rejection of IP as "existing" is completely anti-social.
I am quite comfortable with Lessig arguing to change policies.  He is a
brilliant guy who passed up easy millions in law practice to do public
good.  To me, he is a clear hero.  Regardless, I agree with him.
There is no future wherein I see the rights of individuals extending to
taking something from others that they do not wish to be taken.  If that is
the meaning of post or ending artificial scarcity, I am thoroughly against
it.  As to discussions of DRM, etc. I think I have made myself clear: I
believe "market" forces are moving toward free.  That will continue.  To the
extent that DRM systems work within laws and are chosen by consumers who
have reasonable access to free alternatives, I support them.
I appreciate the anarchist movement has taken a position of ambiguity and
indiference toward the legitimacy of states now and in the future.  I cannot
disagree more fundamentally with that view.  I find it destructive, hurtful
and ultimately evil.  Others are certainly welcome to disagree.  Those are
my views.

@_date: 2010-02-04 10:16:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Andy, we clearly differ in views.  I find your style of argument offensive.
So I won't respond.

@_date: 2010-02-04 10:47:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Hi Michel,
I disagree fundamentally (I think).  Reducing artificial scarcity is a red
herring.  It is creating abundance that matters.  The "getting from here to
there" is exactly the point I wish to argue.
If you want to say that having a large portfolio of choices in the commons
for all to use and benefit from is the goal...then I agree totally.  No
difference at all.
If you want to say that adding items to the commons is strictly voluntary,
then I agree totally.  No difference at all.  No person may be coerced to
association with a commons either as a user or producer.
If you want to say that changing laws so that the right to profit from an
idea is set in a reasonable but not excessive mode, I agree totally.  Of
course what is reasonable and not excessive is open to debate.  Personally,
I find little wrong with the 1970s US standards advocated by Lessig. But I
would likely support even more aggressive minimizations of intellectual
property terms (times as Marco put it.)
If you want to say that abolishing artificial scarcity means that I somehow
have a right to unilaterally decide what is in the commons and what is not,
we are at fundamental odds.
If you want to say that abolishing artificial scarcity means that the skills
a person builds over time to be able to write code, record music, write a
book, only have value at the time of live performance, I'd say I disagree
fundamentally with you.  That is quite naturally scarce ability.  It is the
capacity to copy it that is not natural.  I say give that copying capacity
away all you want...but the underlying idea...no, that is quite scarce and
deserve protection under the law in all its forms.
So, you tell me where we are differing.

@_date: 2010-02-04 13:03:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Nature doesn't invest billions in making terminator seeds.  It expects no
return on investment.  R&D doesn't occur out of the goodness of hearts, much
as I wish it would.  Even universities funded by the public sell their ideas
to the highest bidder.  You can disagree with this, but it isn't artificial
scarcity.  It is protection of investment.  That isn't just semantics.  It's
the law.  By all means, dislike the law.  Work to change it.  But let's not
pretend this is not the choice of most people.
Further, it might be protective.  If there is a problem with GMOs, then
terminator seeds might well limit the damage.  I've read a great deal of the
anti-GMO lit.  So far I find little of it compelling in any way.  It again
strikes me as zealotry.  But that is an easy critique of anything where
people express passion.  As a relatively neutral observer, I am so far
underwhelmed by the anti-GMO arguments.  I see nothing wrong at all with
terminator seeds.  I find lots on both sides of the argument.  Just a couple
of days ago...Inhabitat ran a very pro-GMO article on shelf-life of
vegetables...hardly a centrist or right wing organization.  I see these
fairly regularly amongst sites I'd characterize as being open/fair.
Again, this is the simple issue of taking.  Someone invested in gaining
skills to make a programme, a picture, a book.  Just because it is easy to
steal it doesn't make it right.  Abundance is capacity--the capacity to
share.  It is up to the property owner whether they wish to share.  No one
can be compelled.  I dislike litmus tests as much as the next person, but
there is a simple P2P litmus test: Can someone be compelled to share their
ideas?  If they can, I am against it and would fight it for all I'm worth.
Capacity isn't the right to take.  It is the power to share.  If the item
had no value of creation, people wouldn't want it.  Clearly someone made
value.  It is up to them to share it.  It is not up to the consumer to take
it because they can.  Put any name on it you want.  The politics and the law
are plain.  Do I have a right of ownership of an idea.  If you say no, I am
against you.
The question is, how to create incentives for R&D when no one gains.  I
agree that people acting in pro-social ways is a pure good, but it is not
our social model.  Indeed that social model has failed over and over again.
I live less than 150 miles from where it fails miserably every day in Cuba.
Regularly people try to sail away from it to here in little dangerous pieces
of boat and flotsam because they hate it so much.  They must literally be
imprisoned and blocked from what they can say and how they can say it, who
they can vote for, so that authorities may keep them from overthrowing the
whole thing.
These are negative externalities of markets in my lingo.  They need to be
dealt with just like pollution and other forms of negative
externalities.  It doesn't create the right to take someone's property
unless the states in charge find compelling reason to do so.
Was it an artificial scarcity for communism to block markets from
producing enough food for people in China, Russia...causing deaths of
millions.  What could be more artificial than blocking someone from
profiting on their labour?
VOLUNTARY!  non-coerced.  Commons cannot exist through corcion.  You cannot
be forced to share.  It is the bright line test.
It is fundamental that states have legitimacy--from the Latin lex/legus just
as law is.  That legitimacy comes from the rights of governed.  That the
governed have due processes for changing rules.
I have said here for 2 years that it all comes back to governance.  If you
do not have a theory of governance, then anarchy becomes a real alternative
where Somalia is defended and absurdity is the norm.

@_date: 2010-02-05 08:25:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I agree.
But (if you accept copyright, of course, but please let's
I agree.
"Copyright is intrinsically bad" is another question, but as long as
Not only are these bad, but "submarine patents" as used by people like
Jerome Lemuelson (whose foundation funds significant operations of the
Smithsonian Institution) are worse and of the same ilk.
No, this is ONLY the result of the excessive length of copyright. The
Agreed.  This is legislative.  If the Soviet Union would have simply
published everything their orchestras ever recorded for free, it would have
transformed the classical music industry.  Instead, they were aggressive in
holding back content to copyright.  Again, abundance...
Almost all the actual damage caused by current copyright legislation
is simply a direct or indirect consequence of the current
_duration_. Cut that down and, while the philosofical difference
between advocates and attackers of copyright will still remain, there
will be way less practical damages to argue about.
Totally agreed.  Because abundance will grow and people will be treated
fairly.  But frankly, if we hold at 75 years, in a matter of a century or
less, it will be largely irrelevant.  There will be so much public domain
material, the rest will be deeply value compromised. Things are simply
moving to free.  There is nothing anyone can do to stop it...and I think
illegal actions have little or nothing to do with it.

@_date: 2010-02-05 09:06:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
I agree.  This is a fundamental disagreement.  From my standpoint, there is
very nearly zero prospect with my lifetime or that of anyone I know for your
idea of the situation to become fact in even a small subset of the world.  I
would rate the prospect of robots displacing human labor or the merging of
minds and machines as much higher near-term prospects.
I am all for replicators and matter printers.  We should research the heck
out that sort of thing.  And we need to deal with those and their
implications when we have the prospect of them.  For now, we need economies
as technologies.  Economies run on IP.  And for every nation on earth at
present my definition of stealing is clearly what holds.
For now, we have IP.  People who undermine IP are criminals.  Is a a great
felonious crime?  No...not in most cases.  To me, if a college kid steals
Coldplay's latest song, I think...shame on Coldplay for not having better
systems to stop them doing so.  That is what the Apple iTouch is with its
DRM.  Costs are kept low to allow (many) people to do what they want and
artists and industry participants to get returns.  I wish everyone could
afford want they want from it.  But the way to achieve that isn't to force
someone to give away wealth to the poor.  That has never worked.  It isn't
working in Venezuela, it didn't work in Soviet Russia or Maoist China, and
it won't work anywhere else because wealth is an engine...not a item that
can be transplanted like a tree to someone else.  Fools and money are soon
Again, if the idea os to work toward limiting profit, abuse, violations of
rights, etc. I am plainly for those improvements.
Moreover, I feel the old system of incentives and profits is dying under its
own weight.  I have said that here dozens of times.  To me, that is a threat
and a tragedy, not something to celebrate.  I wish everyone could work to
have what they want and need in a fair system.  It doesn't look like
technoogy is going to allow for that.
I have a fellow who works with me who is a guitarist from Ghana.  He used to
work in the record industry in the UK as an accountant.  He said that IP
theft has ruined thousands of performers who were swept out of being
competitive by people stealing their work.  He holds so fiercely to the idea
that he will not speak to office employees who rip a CD.  He said he has
been in the room when bands lost their contracts and guys had to go work in
steel mills or coffee shops rather than making music.  Sure, they keep
playing a bit on the side, but thier lives and dreams get destroyed.  In
Africa, it can be the loss of a whole path out of despair.  Nearly all of
them played free concerts and gave away copies of their work to children who
couldn't buy them, etc.  Perfect?  No.  But the alterantive is worse.
In a post economic world of easy and free replicators, I agree.  IP is a
waste of time.  For now, it is the basis for sanity.

@_date: 2010-02-05 09:22:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
I am equally baffled.  What you argue for is a set of ideas we know has
failed and has always failed.  Where is the permanent monopoly in our
world?  The US?  The British Empire?  Japan, Inc?  Microsoft?  GM?
Volkswagon?  They are all swept away by progress.  So too will be Monsanto.
Someday Africa like China will train its own GMO scientists who will built
their own capacities to have whatever sorts of seeds they need.  And if they
are blocked by a patent, they will grow something else.
The big pharma companies are rapidly dying.  This is no secret and is widely
covered in many well-known and respected outlets like the blog Pharma
Gossip.  They have been cutting staff for years.  The old model doesn't
work.  It won't work in GMO.  So the response is to go back to some sort of
communal property idea?  Why?  Free and P2P are winning all over.  It's a
total route.  I hear people over and over again discussing how cheap
computing and entertainment have become...by innovation...not by forced
sharing.  Capacity is abundance.  Technoliogy is capacity.  R&D makes
technology. R&D = abundance...over time.  Sure, there are time constraints,
but only for a period that is deemed acceptable to create incentives for
Farmers are not imprisoned by GMO, they are liberated by it.  They have new
options to produce products people want more--on, say, a Paris or
Atlanta market shelf.  If some of that enabling technology is compensated,
everyone can win...a chemist in St. Louis and a grower in Malawi become
partners.  If it is forced that the seed becomes free, then it is not
produced, and the farmer in Malawi grows poor crops and the chemist in St.
Louis doesn't send her daughter to college but rather lives a life of quiet
despair sipping nodka like some old apparatchik in Belarus.
This all seems so obvious to me, I must admit I feel great frustration at
arguing it.  From my perspective it feels like it is arguing about the truth
of Darwinian evolution or the efficacy of vaccines.  It is just obvious and
measureable.  But I have learned enough to know that what can seem obvious
can be wrong, so I keep rechecking.
I have grave doubt that capitalism can be surplanted as an engine of
R&D--the great hope.  My sadness derives from the fact that it is starting
to reach levels of diminishing returns do to free and open systems and the
rapid acceleration (especially this) of technology development.  This is
evolutionary and unstoppable.  There will be a new order.  I simply hope it
is an order that works for people and doesn't recook failed ideas from the
What saddens me is that seemingly most of the people associated with the
free and open systems movement do not understand why they are
succeeding...and that is because they are applying 19th century socialist
theories to a very much 21st century problem.  R&D...competitive actions
offering free...open...that is what is winning.  Not some tired idea of a
utopian socialism.

@_date: 2010-02-05 10:39:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
I am saying that the ideas that fail are socialism and communism of the
coercive sort.  I agree that you have been quite prescient about the
evolution of the system.
I guess I have pretty strong blindfolds.  I see no monopolies.  I see
desparate hopes for momentary control.  It is indeed the exact oppositive.
It is the instability of profit that is the issue...not the guarantee of
it.  Capitallsm isn't failing because it is corrupt and torpid, it is
failing because it is hypercompetitive and evolving too fast.
I am completely not opposed to communal property.  I am a greater advocate
for it than any socialist.  I am for free participation in open and
voluntary systems.  I am for co-ops.  I advocate for them regularly.  I have
worked for one.  Co-ops do have a great record.  They work well.  But you
must not be forced to join a co-op.  At that point they become the failed
past.  Coercion is everything.  If you coerce, you destroy incentive.  The
incentive must be to share and be communal.  If you force it, you destroy

@_date: 2010-02-05 11:04:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
As to the specifics of "communal," it is clearly a word meant to invoke
utopian socialist pasts.  If you say commons...a much better term...I am in
full agreement.  Commons are trusts...perpetual trusts.  Communal property
implies something that is group available without governance or protection.
I am indeed against that and find the very idea of it nonsensical.  In my
own mind (if no one else's) that is completey consistent.
In a nutshell: voluntary, protected IP, state accepted, [consensus] human
rights protective.
And not...  Coerced, free-for-all, state ignoring and community defining of
appropriate human rights.

@_date: 2010-02-05 11:13:04
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Excellent.  Then we can agree coercive state socialism (as in Cuba, China or
Venezeula) is not something either of us support.  And that people have the
right to property both real and intellectual and the right to protect that
property through mechanisms of the state.
I have always thought so.  I have never seen you as an advocate for
socialism, though like many in this community you seem to harbor a sympathy
for their rhetoric.  I think a term you once used was "co-traveler."  I am
not a co-traveler either with those who presume a right of access to
intellectual property or those who coerce others to share their goods and/or
 _______________________________________________

@_date: 2010-02-05 11:22:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The evolution of P2P science 
Great article...and more evidence for the inevitability of open.  I am a
multi-year BOINC user on the Cure Diabetes team of the protein modelling
experiment.  One of the best commons I know of.

@_date: 2010-02-06 12:43:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Hi Michel,
I think we agree coercion is wrong.  And that coercion means a state or
organization forcing membership and participation.  I look forward to
discussions of particular approaches in these societies.
Whether enforcement of IP is a form of coercion is an interesting argument.
To me, it is a conflicting rights argument--always the most interesting
legal arguments.  I have a clear view on the conflict which I often do not
have.  I am happy to have some states reject the idea of enforcing IP -- the
Cayman Islands does not recognize certain copyrights, and to let the chips
fall where they may.  There are plenty of laws and treaties in these areas.
I think the system will evolve to fit what makes most sense.   I have heard
repeatedly from informed persons in other channels including within our
government at senior levels that enforcement is a necessity and compelling
in both pragmatic and fundamental terms.  As a pragmatist, I don't hold
fundamental views.
Let me contrast IP with, say, ganja laws in the US.  I don't use ganja, but
I think criminalizing it (and most other illegal drugs) is silly as most
libertarians argue it is.  I'm not afraid to criticize standing laws or even
to ignore them.  This isn't about some sort of legal compliance
issue...though I do believe strongly in rule of law and in general
compliance.  In that I suppose I differ markedly from anarchists, but I have
always found anarchism worthy of moral and intellectual rejection. I still
do.  As I've said, I find it internally consistent, I simply disagree with
it fundamentally as I understand it and have read it from its well-known
theorists.  I find libertarianism much more compelling, but I don't find
libertarianism internally coherent.
IP is very different for me.  Yes it protects some multinational
corporations, but my view is that it is better for small artists (in all
fields) than any other system.  I have grave doubts about your tax idea...it
creates terrible distortions.  I think corporations need controls, but I
think the basic idea of corporations and their advocacy is quite sound and
very desirable...as both for profit and nonprofit entities.  As I continue
to read them, I would say my own ideas are quite close to Larry Lessig's.
Just to state a position as clearly and openly as possible.
With regard to the US, it is a great country and my country.  It has many
problems.  I am still at home with it, proud of it, and willing to accept
and defend it, bananas and all.

@_date: 2010-02-06 15:01:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
On Sat, Feb 6, 2010 at 1:57 PM, Kevin Carson <
This is an observation:  A few such as the one espoused above, is far closer
to what most people would recognize as classically libertarian than
anarchist.  In such a system, given the right to enforce contracts, I am
much closer to happy than in a system that simply flaunts laws.

@_date: 2010-02-06 15:13:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Iceland as a free speech haven 
Personally, I think it looks great and agree with every line of it.  Many of
the reference component laws I have favored in the past...of course I have
no idea of the local legislation, but the international laws are all very
good ones...and ideal models.

@_date: 2010-02-06 16:02:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
On Sat, Feb 6, 2010 at 1:28 PM, Kevin Carson <
I agree with the spirit of this criticism.  However, I disagree with the
approach to implement it...which should be systematic, legal and
enforceable.  There are bad laws in bad systems and bad laws in good
systems.  It is also true that some systems become increasingly corrupt--the
US system threatens this in banking, etc.  I also disagree that people
should not have the right to enforce protection of their property.  I
disagree with fundamental views, but I am very near to fundamental that an
idea is property than can and should be protected with the force of social
IP is usually its own branch of law and violations are not torts but are
generally criminal (state versus the individual).  Mostly these the standard
is "commercial" acts to violate IP.  At an individual level (e.g. normal
acts of piracy) relatively few states tend to care.  It is not theft, but it
is criminal.
I'm not sure what you are saying.  Corporations are associations of persons
created to act in a legally orderly way.  They are a legal device.  The
overwhelming majority of legal and rights scholars would see the capacity to
incorporate as an excellent social innovation.  I would agree with them.  I
know of no major legal scholar left, right or libertarian who would not
defend the idea of corporations.  They serve a huge number of useful
purposes...e.g. spreading liability.
You are misinterpreting me.  I see no perfection in laws.  As a pragmatist,
I see no movement toward fundamentals or ideals.  Everything for me is
practical.  I have no gods, no fundamental rights, no perfect orders.
Everything is about what works and what can work to make people satisfied.
I cannot determine those parameters, so I rely on markets.  I admit markets
are imperfect.  I wish aspects of them didn't exist.  Same with states.
Right now, I see no superior feasible alternatives.  I would characterize
your views, as I understand them, as being fundamentally rather than
pragmatically anti-state.
While political and of a different narrative or tone than I would use, I
don't disagree.
This is a different interpretation of history than mine.  I believe laws are
technology.  Technologies simply exist largely through memes of innovation
and learning.  They are replace when they are no longer helpful if the
forces of society (democracy and liberty) are allowed to prevail.  What
scares me most about the present is that the externalities of continued
operation of locally satisfactory systems can destroy the whole.
Feudalism was stable and effective until technology rendered it not so.  I
hold no fundamental view as to its good or evil.  In today's world of
learning, it would be evil.  When it prevailed, it was simply the best idea
No do I.  But I believe in the rule of law.  Do you?  If not, what do you
propose in a stateless alternative?  Contracts?  Does a person have an
ability to kill someone else at will in a stateless society?  If not, why
not?  At some level, we institute governance.  You may prefer a different
level of governance than me, but we both prefer governance I suspect.
Individual piracy and DRM are small issues.  I think they go away soon.  Not
sure how, but it doesn't upset me regardless.  There are big problems with
commercial grade violations of IP.  Those are big problems.
I disagree.  Not a strawman, but the essence of the point.  I agree with
your conclusion however.  DRM does work. I think where we disagree is in the
meaning of free.  You want free to meant he right to take.  I do not so mean
it.  Neither do most people and most legal systems (nearly all).  The wave
in fact is strongly toward what I am saying...  Still, we envision similar
outcomes...the triumph of free.  You seem to think it will happen by the
decline of enforcement by it being overwhelmed.  I know that happens quite
rarely in free states.  What I anticipate is the market innovating more and
more toward what people want...which is lower marginal costs approaching
This is characterizing my argument.  I hold no law sacred.  I do hold the
rule of law as a best ideal for now.  I do hold law in esteem.  It is one of
the best human technologies ever devised.
I accept I should say criminal instead of theft.  It is, nevertheless,
criminal.  To my mind it is semantics, but if theft offends, I'll be more
Semantics, but I agree.  What a person "loses" is the right to value
creation they are responsible for..you argue they have no such right or
privilege.  Few would agree with your characterization of the facts in legal
terms.  If they would, you would serve the world hugely by doing a survey
that showed this.  It would be instructive to many if not most of us.
In my own personal inquiries to many lawyers and those who have worked in
related areas around me, I have found universal rejection of what you are
saying in terms of the idea that IP laws are not justified and should not be
enforced.  I would be curious of any sorts of people who systematically
think otherwise.  I know of none.  I would be particularly interested in
legal scholars who hold such views.  There are many very radical views held
by law school faculties of all sorts all over the world.  Maybe such views
exist.  In my small survey, no one knew of anyone who held such views.
As I have said, I don't think artificial scarcity is a valuable term or
idea.  It is far from a "fact" as Michel claims.  That's my opinion.  Others
I bring it up to tend to sympathize with the idea that some economic
vehicles stifle consumption, but that has always been true.  And I agree.  I
think labeling something as artificial scarcity simply hides the
foundational legal and rights argument.  That is, does a person have the
right to protect their intellectual product from unlimited copying?  I
believe they do.  You believe they don't.  Your view goes against most if
not all legal systems now, as you recognize.  So your burden is to either
change the law or to convince large numbers to ignore their own
laws--including law enforcement persons.  I doubt that will happen soon...it
will not happen before other mechanisms--probably market mechanisms, make
the discussion moot.  That's my guess.

@_date: 2010-02-06 16:59:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
On Sat, Feb 6, 2010 at 1:40 PM, Kevin Carson <
I'm at a loss to see where you get the specific "agreement" above from
I agree I combined two unrelated things probably unfairly.  But the point
is, only in coercive socialist regimes has there been large-scale rejection
of IP so fa=--that I know of...where state espionage of IP is a standard
practice.  Even there it is short-lived.  I'm told Cuba has a battery of IP
lawyers for their medical industry at present and relationships with top
international IP law firms.
OK.  Give me another example to cure my bias.  The only ones I know of in
practice are coercive socialist projects.  Generally only hegemonic states
that ignore rights established in other nation act broadly to nullify widely
held views such as the enforceability of IP law.  In modern times those tend
to be coercive socialist nations--unlike Michel I could easily put Venezuela
in that category as well as China.  It is a continuum, but both of these are
far closer to coercive socialism than not.  I harbor no sympathies for these
states.  I have great sympathies for those forced to live under them.  I
have personally discussed Cuba and China with many persons from those
places.  It would take much to convince me of their benign advantages given
the horror stories I've heard.  I know less about Venezuela but am actively
educating myself.  So far, I see a nation where democracy is under threat
through a sharp move toward nationalization as coercive socialism.  I would
be against that in most (but not all) circumstances.  Harry Truman in the US
was well justified in nationalizing steel industries.  It reversed quickly
however.  States ought not to own means of production in my view.  It is
unlikely such arrangements will be fair or efficient--but not impossible.
Regardless, I am not excited in any way about individuals knocking of Coco
Chanel purses or people copying a song to their MP3 player.  Big deal.  I am
against systematic violation of the right of people to their own property
(as I and most legal systems see it.)
Not sure what fascist capitalism is, but I'd probably be against it if it is
fascist.  I'd certainly forswear it if it is fascist.  Opposing IP law
enforcement strikes me as a very obscure sort of political view.  My
original worry was that the P2P Foundation would render itself obscure and
incompatible with most conventional thinkers if it took that position.  I
still feel that way.

@_date: 2010-02-06 17:03:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
On Sat, Feb 6, 2010 at 1:55 PM, Kevin Carson <
If this is a general question, for me, the answer is a clear yes.

@_date: 2010-02-07 09:28:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
People will always differ as to what is and what isn't legal and
appropriate.  The laws will always lag. Most legal theorists praise that
I remain very unconvinced that the criminality of intellectual property
taking is not appropriate.  I do agree that in the very long term, it
doesn't matter and isn't worth debating much.  It certainly isn't worth law
breaking.  The trends are clearly toward free and open and there are
numerous and increasing options for those in that space.  I suspect economic
models will adjust long before political ones...as is usually the case.
I also think there are clear differences between sensibilities of European
nations and the rest of the world.  Europe tends to favor the maximum
available use by the maximum number of people.  What I would call
utilitarian and market/socialist.  The US and Asia tend to favor more merit
oriented societies.  Europeans tend to notice corruptions of merit,
Americans and Asians tend to notice corruptions of free riding.  I think
there is good room for both...and balances to be struck as people notice
advantages of each system.  There is rarely one best way.

@_date: 2010-02-07 10:28:44
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Hi Michel,
I don't get to set the rules for the world, so I don't try to have  a
personal system of justice--a more deontological or fundamentalist view in
my scheme of things.  I don't have clear rights goods and wrongs.  I do
believe in "public good" but it is a thing that can only be determined
through democratic or representative means.  I don't much care for court
imposed justice as with the US Supreme Court.  My own view is that the
Supreme Court and the Senate are flaws in the US constitutional approach.
I can advocate systems for the poor, but one of them won't be wide scale
criminality.  It seems obvious to me that if someone brands something, that
the investment in the branding is value creating and scarce. To take that
brand, for instance, is clearly taking a scarce item.  I just can't imagine
seeing it any other way.  Again, I've discussed it with now at least half a
dozen lawyers, law professors and left-leaning former IP business leaders.
Not only do they agree, they also cannot fathom the alternative and find the
very discussion of it disturbing and potentially cataclysmic.
This is certainly true 100 years ago.  I think in the last 40 years, China,
the Soviet Union and other socialist countries are far more associated with
violations of IP.  But you would know better than me.
Maybe that makes me fringe to the P2P movement.  But I don't believe the
term "artificial scarcity" is useful or meaningful.  It is, to my mind,
intentionally deceptive in that it assumes away very important rights issues
that must be handled dialogically and democratically to be erased
legitimately.  It is true that I refuse to do that.  Where I am on board is
that I think technology (a la Cory Doctorow's comments) are making the
discussion moot.  But I never discount capitalism and
innovation...especially innovation.  DRM may yet be designed so it works.  I
understand the next generation of the Internet makes phishing impossible,
but it also makes anonymity impossible.  Personally, I am for that.  If
states take people's rights, we should change the states.  I admire Smari's
efforts in Iceland to create open and fair systems.  Bravo.
The state owns most means of production and holds a stake in nearly all of
them.  I know of no political scientist who does not think China is
socialist.  They call themselves socialist.  It is hardly a fringe
position.  I think socialist theorists do not like the trends of China
(strangely enough since they have been good for most people.)   But they
call themselves socialist.  The political scientists from there say they are
socialist. To me, that must be "socialist."  Not sure who would otherwise
get to decide.

@_date: 2010-02-07 15:08:04
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
I watch the Asia Business Report nearly every night on the BBC.  In Cayman,
we are often modeling Singapore.  Singapore, Japan, Malaysia, India,
China...all feel very "American" to US business people.  My brother was just
in Malaysia and said the business meetings could have been in Cleveland
Ohio.  Same language...even the same jokes.  Businesses in Asia use the same
management theories and texts..the language of the MBA.  Finance and
efficiency are discussed in very similar ways.  Laws are often quite
similar.  Europe feels very different---more cultural...like the Gulf.  The
UK still feels merit-based to me...and elements of Switzerland and Germany,
but most of Europe seems focused on enabling their own people...I think of
Italy, Greece, Spain, France, the Nordics, mostly.  It is a very different
worldview.  It is very hard for people adopting one worldview to see the
point of the other's system.  I have an Australian accounting friend here
who loathes doing business with Europeans who he finds always want to drag
culture and nationality and "social good" into business transactions.
Again, Australians are very "American-like."  Most Europeans see that
worldview as backward or primitive. Most business people from the US-like
view see Europe as passe and absurd.  I think we don't point out our
differences enough.  I have many times in many places said I think the great
unblogged topic is the transatlantic difference.  It really isn't nearly as
big an issue in the Pacific.  Chinese culture is hegemonic in the Pacific
from Indonesia to Vancouver.

@_date: 2010-02-07 17:04:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Applying utility functions to humans considered 
I see where the founder of Second Life is starting a new AGI firm where his
goal is the singularity.  Interesting times in AI (after a long dark
period--what is regularly now called the AI Winter.)

@_date: 2010-02-07 22:56:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google News: China's hawks demand cold war on the US 
China's hawks demand cold war on the US
Times Online - Feb 6, 2010
MORE than half of Chinese people questioned in a poll believe China and
America are heading for a new ?cold war?. The finding came after
battles over Taiwan, Tibet, trade, climate change, internet freedom and
human rights which have poisoned relations ...
Taiwan to seek more arms despite improved China ties - AFP
US, China, Tibet and Taiwan: game on or game over? - Telegraph.co.uk
all 1,133 news articles ?
Browse all of today's headlines on Google News:

@_date: 2010-02-07 20:58:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google News: China's hawks demand cold war on 
Hi Athina,
Always happy to see your ideas...
I have several friends who've just been in China...very fascinating...and
terrifying.  It is going to be very close there...  Once again, I'm not
optimistic.  They are gearing up once again for hegemony. ndia will be the
card the US plays...we cannot stop them...Russia is too small and weak now.
It will be the China Century in several ways.

@_date: 2010-02-08 08:43:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google News: China's hawks demand cold war on 
Hi Alex:
I know well of Martin from my Virginia Tech days (he's at UVa).  Very smart
and unconventional fellow.  I wouldn't discount his views.  I also follow
Stratfor fairly closely...a defense oriented international policy tool.
They've been saying similar things for some time.  Not sure if Martin is
influencing Stratfor or vice versa.  The narrative is definitely

@_date: 2010-02-08 10:55:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Michel, exactly!  Fighting to reduce it and creating tools to avoid it--a
side I freely and willingly join.  *Not* dismissing its existence and
ignoring it.  Everyone I know of...even the most hardened capitalists, are
staunchly in favor of open systems existing.  Where is the argument against
open and free?  IBM has built a business model on it...so did SUN
Micro.  Many other firms do as well.  It doesn't mean they deny the
existence of IP...far from it.
Creative Commons (and nearly everything else) is predicated on strong IP
laws...protections.  It is also predicated on voluntary participation.  I
would argue (as I have all along) that you conflate the desire of people to
have an open and free set of alternatives with the idea of doing away with
IP.  Nothing could be further from accurate.  Of course open and free
alternatives are good.  They simply cannot be unilaterally ASSUMED.
I too (as I have said numerous times) am for reduced copyright burdens of
time, against patents used as weapons (submarine patents) etc.  These are
abuses.  But there is a wide difference between that and disregarding law
where people want protections.
Being for p2p and at the same time wanting to criminalize sharing are in my
Michel, I am grateful for the civility.  I hope it is perceived as
returned.  I mean it to be and if it appears not so, I apologize for my poor
Again, this isn't about criminalizing sharing and never has been.  This is
about criminalization of taking without permission--counterfeiting.  I am
entirely for sharing.  It is a push AND then a pull...not a pull-on-demand
technology against the will of an owner and against the democratically
enacted laws of a jurisdiction.  The "puller" simply cannot decide what is
shared unilaterally.  That is what everyone I have talked to...now into the
tens of people, clearly recognize and agree to.  If someone thinks
differently (outside the realm of anarchists) I'd surely love to hear it.
Corey Doctorow, from my readings of his statements, clearly agrees with me.
This failure to acknowledge a difference between push and pull is our
difference.  I call it coercive and I associate it with states that refuse
to enforce market rules.  Those have almost universally been state socialist
nations.  It is clear that massive counterfeit operations are busted in Hong
Kong, Thailand, etc. regularly.  In China and the Soviet Union, North Korea,
Cuba, etc. they are state policy.
If you believe people may simply take what they want when they can take it
and no one loses a physical item, you ought to say that.  That means any
item is simply free for all that can be copied.  All trademarks, copyrights,
patents, etc. are entirely meaningless.  To me it seems clear that such a
world is not feasible and would quickly lead to collapse...and not social
justice.  That, to my mind, is pure capitalism...not socialism.  It is the
idea that people can act completely without regulation to do whatever they
I may be wrong about IP in 'socialist' countries, but I can only tell you
Treaty IP violations are as massive in the Cayman Islands as anywhere.  I
can walk three blocks and buy any tape or movie for 3 dollars that costs 25
in the US.  I choose not to do that even though it is completely within the
law here.  Few care about such things...even the DRM executives get bad
press almost universally when they press such things.
What I am talking about is a nation copying an aircraft...or a mode of
building a refinery, or making a drug, when clear patents exist.  Or China
or Cuba taking a US textbook, copying it, and then printing it industrially
for their engineers.  Or Soviet Russia copying the Vax computer down to its
name engraved on circuit boards for their own defense systems.
If some lady with a sowing machine in Chiang Mai thinks she can make a Dior
scarf, I care little...frankly Dior cares little.  Everyone knows the
differences except the lady with the sowing machine.  It is the guy in Hong
Kong who runs a factory making Dior scarves with the same boxes, etc. that
is a criminal and plainly so because it is against Hong Kong law, against
French law and against numerous international treaties.  To defend that
person is very odd to me...even bizarre.  To say he is "removing artificial
scarcity" is simply counter-factual.  If that were the case, he would never
produce the item in the first place...he is clearly free riding on someone
else's brand and quality and design investment--which is entirely scarce.
That's the whole point of his copy.  If it weren't scarce, he wouldn't do
it.  No one mixes salt with water to make sea water.  It isn't scarce.  It
is the "artificial" term which is clearly meant to distort facts and
I completely agree with your characterization of who is doing the
copying...capitalists...not free marketers.  Free marketers want regulated
protections.  The marketplace is a series of institutions...mostly legal
institutions...like enforceable contracts.  It isn't a free for all.  Free
for all is exactly (and exclusively) what I am arguing against.
As to Neoliberal, if you define it coherently, I may well accept the
epithet.  If it means believing in human rights, fair access to make a
living (and equal protection), fair access to markets and trade under the
democratically enacted laws of a jurisdiction, then, yep, I am one.  Nothing
in that line that isn't in the declaration of human rights.  Just as soon as
IP is made illegal in a just society, I'll be on board with universal
copying at will.  For now, I guess I am a neo-liberal and not an
anarchist...if those be the choices when one supports the idea that
counterfeiting is wrong.  Again, I return to Article 17, no one shall be
ARBITRARILY deprived of his property.  If the law says we should have
property rights, then a person deserves due process...not a arbitrary
taking.  The idea of artificial scarcity intends to obfuscate this
distinction not elucidate it.
If the law of a place says that someone has the right to IP protection, to
say they cannot defend that right, and that the state should not enforce
that right or privilege, it is, in my opinion, a very clear violation of the
UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights.  Again, I cannot begin to see how
it can be argued otherwise.  Piracy and counterfeiting, when done against
the laws of the governing jurisdiction, are simply wrong.
Regarding theft...this from Wikipedia:
The key distinction generally drawn, as indicated above, is that while
copyright infringement may (or may not) cause *economic loss* to the
copyright holder, as theft does, it does not *appropriate a physical object,
* nor deprive the copyright holder of the use of the copyright. That
information can be replicated without destroying an original is an old
a cornerstone of intellectual
property  law. In
economic terms, information is not a *rival
;* this has led some to argue that it is very different in character, and
that laws for physical property and intellectual property should be very
A British Government's report, Digital
characterizes online piracy as a form of theft: "Unlawful downloading or
uploading, whether via peer-to-peer sites or other means, is effectively a
civil form of theft."[57]
As someone in a British law jurisdiction, I'll call it what it is...theft.

@_date: 2010-02-08 12:47:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
Hi Michel,
If I were advocating the argument you make, I'd put it in these terms: Does
a person have the right to be rich when someone else is poor?
It seems you would say, no.  They don't have such a moral right.  I would
classify that as a strong economic socialist.  I would say such a right
clearly exists though it is morally undesirable.  You would call that
The question would then typically move on to one of how to make the poor
richer.  A strong economic socialist would tend to say that should be done
through some form of redistribution of wealth so as to alleviate suffering
and enhance fairness.  A neo-liberal would say...enable people to have the
capacities to produce things the world wants.
Here is the strong concession you will get from me:  My world of enabling
people to have capacities is dying.  I cannot stop that death.  It will be
complete in a matter of decades.  There are three possible answers to that
decline/death as I see it:
1. Depopulate either by force or voluntarily.
2. Implement strong economic socialism.
3. Do something else.
I hope for 3 knowing 1 is brutal and 2 has failed repeatedly.  The trouble
is, no one is yet articulating a coherent and workable view of 3.  My
answers tend to be technological.  Yours tend to be
institutional/political.  There is some mixture to both.  I think the real
value of the Foundation is in generally exploring and attempting to
articulate point 3.  Little is gained by rehashing that the continued
creation of economic value by individuals is dying.  We concur on that.
John Robb is a smart guy I've read a long time, but he keeps pointing out
the obvious...that what you call neo-liberal capitalism (and what I call a
credit-based demand-driven economy with full employment) is dying.  I know
of no strong capitalist/libertarian here who is saying otherwise...I know
many outside of P2PF.
I would even say J. Andrew was far from that point.  The question is, now
what?  Rehashing the death is irrelevant unless it leads to futurism that is
compelling.  So, I guess I am agree with Sam Rose on resilience.  Overall, I
find the points on current IP law fairly irrelevant.  I was diverted by
anarchist arguments I have been in before (never productively for me so
far)...once again; it is religion...not a philosophy in that it answers all
questions and allows no compromises.

@_date: 2010-02-09 00:18:38
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Marina Gorbis: crowdsourcing abundance 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Marina Gorbis: crowdsourcing
abundance via Boing Boing by David Pescovitz on 2/8/10
(CC image: "Distributing surplus commodities, Johns, Ariz.," 1940,
Library of Congress)
Former BB guestblogger Marina Gorbis, exec director of Institute for
the Future, considers how small groups/organizations can achieve scale
and do good by sharing resources. Essentially every person (and every
company) has a surplus of something that other people want/need: Not
everyone has a large house to trade or a large sum of money to donate
but look around you -- we have excess of stuff, talent, ideas,
information--in our homes , in our communities, and in our
organizations. We are over-producing and under-utilizing resources all
over the place. Witness the recent example of clothing retailers like
H&M deliberately mutilating and tossing unsold clothes in the trash.
Many experts in retail concede that the practice is not uncommon--for
some unfathomable "economic" reason it makes more sense to destroy
clothes than to release them into a local community. The situation is
even worse when it comes to food. We over-produce and waste a lot of
it. According to the USDA, just over a quarter of America's food --
about 25.9 million tons -- gets thrown into the garbage can every year.
University of Arizona estimates that the number is closer to 50
percent. The country's supermarkets, restaurants and convenience stores
alone throw out 27 million tons between them every year (representing
$30 billion of wasted food). This is why the U.N. World Food Program
says the total food surplus of the U.S. alone could satisfy "every
empty stomach" in Africa. How about empty stomachs in our own
The list goes on an on. We have surplus of space--many commercial
buildings, schools, corporate and government spaces are underutilized,
while many small organizations and individuals are struggling to find
spaces for their work. We also have excess of talent--musicians,
artists, designers, educated unemployed people, young and old--needing
audiences, venues to work in, or contribute ideas to. Crowdsourcing
Abundance or "Screw' em, Let's Do This Ourselves"
- Marina Gorbis on organizational change
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Boing Boing using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-11 08:27:02
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
For reasons already stated, I would merely add that the statement above is
highly contested (if nowhere else, in my own mind).  It is further lesson to
me that what we sometimes take as simple reality and existence is often
contested and primarily political and that others likely see our reality in
the same ways.  How we resolve such disputes (besides simple democracy
and/or fragmentation) is an eternal frustration.  I suppose that is the
greatest justification of all for markets and freedoms of association and
I like Kevin's positive law explanation because it is straightforward and
consistent while also something I can easily (for myself) reject
intellectually as flawed for a number of reasons he has no doubt heard and
read from the many commentators who have taken it on.  As someone with too
many arrows of Internet debates in my back since the days of USENET, I have
come to strongly prefer the arguments that are made elementally
and sequentially.  In short, I can follow them.  That may be a transatlantic
thing too, much discussed, where I think Europe tends to lean toward nuances
and encapsulations that are simply too subtle and flexible for those of us
in the newer parts of the world.
P2P (not P2PF), it seems to me, is having a down period in that it seems
that the political element of it is going to prove increasingly irrelevant
in the face of vast and titanic social waves that are moving in similar
evolutionary directions.  In my opinion that is leading to somewhat
desperate discourses in an attempt to revive something of a "movement"
element that seems adrift (or overwhelmed), at best.
I am personally invested in the anti-carbon movement and feel great
frustration at its current political dismissal even while I can plainly see
its mainstreaming is becoming self-evident even though it is much bleached
from what I wish it was.  Still, the world is slowly awakening.  I see the
whole set of IP issues similarly.  People will still write and rant and try
to be a vanguard, but those aspects don't matter much when things start to
mainstream.  Pirate parties, etc. are arising.  They are irrelevant.  Their
issue/day is already done as is predictable because organizations and
institutions are now moving far slower than societies.
My recommendation (to the theory community) has always been to focus on the
future--the relatively mid to distant future of 10-50 years.  It is in that
period that great flux will occur.  While it is true that basic assumptions
are everything in "futurism" or "future studies," it is not the case that
basic political or moral assumptions about the present necessarily disrupt
agreements about possible outcomes.  That said, I completely agree with Sam
Rose that the heroic portion (my words not his) of what was the movement is
actually "doing" resilient projects of P2P.  The heroic period of theory is
past.  I also agree with Michel that teaching and writing are always vital.
Less so, but perpetually useful...because it is from the teachers that the
doers will be sent (typically).  The Age of talk is closing.  The Age of
Doing has just begun.

@_date: 2010-02-11 10:12:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
Hi Michel,
You are right that I do not like the term "artificial scarcity."  I will
address that, but first...
You seem to be adopting Kevin's point that laws  are artificial (at least
where protecting IP is concerned).  I do not accept that.  I see laws and
governance as essential human cultural ARTIFacts.  Kevin, as I understand
his argument, basically holds that there are fundamental moral laws (what
legal scholars tend to call Natural Law) that govern our basic activities.
To me that leads to profound inconsistencies and problems.  Instead, I am a
"small-d" democrat.  I believe in due process governance through democratic
mechanisms as the most pragmatic means to solve real-world problems fairly
and justly.  I reject fundamentals though I embrace practical constitutions
on items that are well-established.  I admit it is an imperfect solution
mostly because perfection does not exist.  There is no point of ideal--no
fundamental.  You might say there is a better and worse, but I say these
things are highly contextual and contested.  That is why I inherently am
forced to trust institutions of governance, and you and Kevin
(especially) are inherently disinclined toward them.  I live in an active
society that has rules constructed (artificially constructed, I suppose) by
that society.  At the core, one either accepts or rejects that idea.  If one
rejects it, one is, as I understand the term, an anarchist.  I am not one.
I am a (d)emocrat.  It is irrelevant, but I am also a (D)emocrat.
By comparison, we have the capability to kill at will with technology (e.g.
guns).  Is it artificial to say that we cannot do so?  I would say, by your
argument on IP, we'd have to assume yes.  Else, we are pushed to fundamental
rules and laws (no killing), and who then decides these?  Kevin holds to the
Hobbsian idea of an ancient law...that there are fundamental bases.  I
cannot do that.  I have no such knowledge of an eternal and fundamental
law.  If I did, I have no way of knowing whether it applies to IP as IP is
"new" as are most of its problems.  So I understand he and I are at
loggerheads.  It doesn't upset me much because I know his views have almost
no prospect of holding in large-scale society.  We can debate that, but I
rest confident (if not, as has been claimed, smuggly.)
I defer on this point as you are far more expert than me.  I see an
increasingly irrelevance; you see a groundswell.  I agree with being
integrative.  But there are always boundaries.  You are right that pushing
exists, but I doubt it is very relevant in the main and increasingly is less
so.  The world frankly isn't listening to leaders any more.  It is much more
organic and self-directed.  I think we all see the reasons for that.  People
want proof and no longer trust ideals or fundamentals.  I think you have
resisted a manifesto for similar reasons and I think rightly so.  Manifestos
are impossible.  There is not constitutive P2P.  It is inherently organic.
We can study the organism, but we cannot genetically engineer it.  There is
no GMO P2P.  It is a contradiction.
Michel, I make no value judgements about your life or anyone else's.  I'm
sure we are all in the upper half of moral individuals by some measure we'd
all find amenable.  That's true of all groups . To my mind, we care about
caring if nothing else.  That used to be the accord in the US political
system...we all believe in liberty, the Constitution, markets, public
service, stable societies.  Of late, rhetoric has overcome reality.  That is
always dangerous.  I see it now happening in the P2P realm to some extent,
but that is also the nature of intellectual exploration.  It is good people
can anger each other over ideas and still be sincere.  That is progress.
I believe the victory is at hand.  P2P is winning.  Free and open is
winning.  But there are and always will be issues...DRMs, etc.  That these
are debated in mainstream outlets is totally extraordinary to me--just as it
is extraordinary that Prime Minister's of major nations are acknowledging
the real threat of climate change.  Thisn't isn't some guy in Arkansas or
Chiang Mai or Cayman saying this stuff...it is major well-known theorists
with 10s of thousands of followers and readers.  Even more, it is action
being taken by millions and millions.  Firefox is more than 24% of the
market--tens of millions of people.  That's amazing, and it will grow.
Coding isn't the answer.  Organizing is (e.g. Gaea).  Where the courage is
needed is to simply do.  To build villages...to go solar...to continue to
speak and teach but to give up on mass and to practice what we preach in the
realm of the local.  Of course we must still blog, etc. but the real reason
I have backed away from these things is that I realize ego was my
motivator.  I am no candidate to be a Bodhisattva, but I do try to minimize
my ego in my own flawed ways.  A Christian would proclaim loudly "I am a
sinner."  As a localist, I admit to ego and self-regard as a leader.  Still,
I work to minimize it while still acting.  That's my own path.  I suppose
Socrates was a far greater teacher than Plato because he never wrote a word.

@_date: 2010-02-12 12:52:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Profit Measures the Payer's lack of Physical 
Costs will vary.  What your outcome is...is actually correct.
I suspect what is happening is that marginal costs are approaching zero
because of technology innovation and distributions.  The Marxian stuff of
owning means of production is meaningless.  People go to restaurants even
though they have access to food and fire.  The difference is that something
that is machined (i.e. made by a robot) rapidly approaches zero costs.
This imbalance can be incrementally corrected by treating that
Capital accumulation is meaningless.  Again, the Marxian bias is all wrong.
It is the capacity to generate profits that is all important.  Any venture
capitalist will tell you the old saw from the industry that all capital is
evil.  You don't want means of production, you want means of controlling
cash flows.  Restaurants don't make money because they control stoves, they
make money because they have rare chefs, brand identity, etc.
Actually, the point is substitution costs, not production costs.  No one
cares nor tracks what it costs to produce something.  They care how much
they have to pay to get something.  Prices are set by demand and
supply...not by production costs.  That's why the whole discussion of
scarcity matters.
Not sure what this means...but usury is exactly what isn't happening.  Usury
is the charging of unrealistic or unfair costs of capital.  Right now the
problem isn't usury...its lack of available credit even at low rates because
so few people have profitable ideas.
Treating profit as an investment from the payer is a negative-feedback
against primitive accumulation allowing growth that is both sufficient
(according to the amount the consumer is willing to overpay) and
autoleveling (because profit==0 when an Object consumer has sufficient
Source ownership).
Specialization is what increases investment.  The problem is that technology
is making specialization irrelevant.  Anyone can produce stuff (replacement
cost stuff) at a low cost.
If you want to understand free and open economics, you need to understand
technology economics.  What is happening is that production costs are
falling rapidly and that few projects can generate long-term cash streams
(this is the international financial crisis of credit in a nutshell).
Meanwhile, replacement costs are dropping as people find lower cost
alternatives.  If your statin drug isn't as effective as fish oil and
vitamin D, in the long run, it is hard to convince someone to pay high
prices for the statin.  The same is true of a browser or a C compiler.  If
those are good and free, why pay?
What is working in capitalism now is hard to replace products of high
quality where there is no substitute (e.g. iPods).  What is not working is
tools where substitution is relatively easy with low cost items.  That's why
Nike and Chanel are terrified of knock-offs of high quality, and BMW,
Nokia and Apple are not.  They know they cannot be easily copied because
they've invested in technology, not brand.
The logical outcome you see is still essentially the same.   Profitable
projects are declining and local production is increasing.  Replacement is
the question.  Restaurants thrive because they offer something someone
cannot get at home...service and atmosphere.  Movie theatres thrive less
because what they offer is not as exciting.
Over time, as more and more IP becomes "free" or extremely low cost, it will
be irrelevant because those items not free will be so easily replaced at
low replacement costs.
That's what is going on, in my view.

@_date: 2010-02-12 18:31:57
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Richard Smith looks forward 
Excellent PowerPoint on the Future of Medical Publishing...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Richard Smith looks forward via
PharmaGossip by insider on 2/12/10
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to PharmaGossip using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-12 19:01:34
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Introducing an E-Course in Traditional Foods 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Introducing an E-Course in
Traditional Foods Preparation via Food Renegade by KristenM on 2/9/10
Preparing Real Food can be daunting. If you?ve never baked a loaf of
bread, how are you supposed to suddenly master making sourdough or
using sprouted grains? What if you?ve never made yogurt, cheese, or
sauerkraut? Let?s say you decide to tackle one of these tasks, now
what? Where do you go from there?
Books like Nourishing Traditions can be overwhelming. There?s just too
much to practically change all at once. How do you know where to start?
That?s why I?m so excited to introduce you to a new online course
developed by fellow blogger Wardeh Harmon.
It?s a 5-month look at the Fundamentals of Traditional Foods
Preparation. Lessons include videos, fact sheets, exclusive interactive
forums, and in-depth instructions into the what, why, and how of
traditional foods.
What?s In the e-Course?
* Overview: eCourse Overview
* Lesson 1: The GNOWFGLINS Foundation
* Lesson 2: How to Soak Whole Grains, Nuts and Seeds
* Lesson 3: How to Make Soaked Whole-Grain Flour Baked Goods I
* Lesson 4: How to Make Soaked Whole-Grain Flour Baked Goods II
* Lesson 5: How to Soak and Cook Dry Beans
* Lesson 6: How to Sprout Beans
* Lesson 7: How to Cook a Chicken and Make Chicken Stock
* Lesson 8: How to Make Skillet Dishes: A Dinner Formula
* Lesson 9: How to Make Water Kefir
* Lesson 10: How to Make Dairy Kefir
* Lesson 11: How to Make Soft, Spreadable Cheese
* Lesson 12: How to Make Sourdough Bread
* Lesson 13: How to Sprout Whole Grains for Sprouted Grain Flour & How
to Bake With Sprouted Grain Flour
* Lesson 14: How to Make Natural Pickled Foods
Wardeh will systematically introduce you to a system of food
preparation that will significantly reduce your planning and meal
preparation time while simultaneously allowing you to learn all the
basics of preparing traditional, wholesome, healthy foods for you and
your family.
Imagine the possibilities! You don?t have to waste money on failed
kitchen experiments. You?ll be able to follow her step-by-step videos
and walk through the process mistake-free. It will take virtually ALL
the intimidation out of cooking traditional foods, empowering you with
the confidence you need to create simple, nutrient-dense meals.
It?s the kind of online course that I wish I?d created myself. And ?
get this ? it?s only $27/month. You couldn?t get courses at your local
community college for less than that!
To find out more about the course, click here. Spaces are limited, and
enrollment closes on February 22nd. So, why not go check it out now?
Just follow the link to find out all the details!
What if you have dietary restrictions? Wardeh does a good job showing
you how even people with dietary restrictions can still benefit
immensely from her course. What if you?re going dairy-free, grain-free,
gluten-free, or egg-free? It doesn?t matter! Wardeh?s course is so
adaptable. Click here to find out how she?s formatted the course to
accommodate those with dietary restrictions.
If you already know you want to sign up for the course, just follow
this link to the Sign Up page. If you want more information before
making your decision, check out Wardeh?s introduction to the e-Course
Please note that I have partnered with Wardeh in order to help her sell
spots to potential students; I am that excited about what she?s doing!
So, if you follow a link from my site and register with her, I will
make a small commission on the sale.
Liked what you read? You may find these other posts interesting:
- Lovin? The Primal Blueprint
- How To Eat Grains
- Junk Food Isn?t All Bad
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Food Renegade using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-13 07:54:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Profit Measures the Payer's lack of Physical 
You're partially right as I see it. In many cases renting is far
cheaper...as with housing.  This isn't controversial.  Like I said, speak to
any advanced management consultant or venture capitalist and they will tell
you "assets are evil."  I first heard the words from PhDs at the University
of Chicago Graduate School of Business who were investors in a venture I
built.  Companies lease equipment all the time for exactly this reason.  If
renting was more expensive, no one would ever lease...and yet leases have
been amongst the fastest growing areas of business.  What is expensive is
idle equipment.  Buying large amounts of van you don't use...that is what is
costly.  Depreciation is the enemy...not a friend.
Actually, no you don't.  Once again, Marxian over-simplification.  The cost
of production is the cost of ownership--which includes purchase,
maintenance, removal and replacement.  All these costs are factored into
asset models.  Ownership is expensive.  That's why capitalists seek
productivity and returns.
The difference is actually specialization.  Guns and butter in Econ 101.  If
I make guns and you make butter, we can both have more of each.
Profit occurs when people specialize.  Specialization is efficient.  Profit
used to be efficient.  It isn't any more because the costs of getting into
business are becoming extremely low (the death of Marxism...and
Explain Twitter or Facebook...or most venture firms.  It simply isn't the
Again, no, it is the market price.  Once again, this isn't controversial
except for Marxists.  You can have huge productions of corn and the price
will not be the production price but the much lower market price.  That's
why markets (used to) work.  The trouble now is that technology has caused a
sea change.  Everyone owns a corn farm and people are organizing to grow
corn for free.

@_date: 2010-02-14 09:54:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universal Translator...two years off 
testing and developing a bot that can give your cell phone real-time
spoken language translation abilities. Researchers expect the universal
translator bot to become available sometime in the next two years.

@_date: 2010-02-14 09:56:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is profit hard-wired in the brain? 
Neuroscientists at the California Institute of
discovered the specific structure in your brain's amygdala that gives
you an aversion to losing money.

@_date: 2010-02-14 19:45:01
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Russian or Not Russian? 
A little lesson on the Soviets and IP...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Russian or Not Russian? via
English Russia on 2/14/10
A great list of objects that in Russia are used to be accepted as
genuinely Russian made, but seems that not.
Or who's copying who?
read more..
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to English Russia using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-14 20:00:45
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Broadband open access an actual possibility 
Competition most important element of low cost....
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Broadband open access an actual
possibility via Joho the Blog by davidw on 2/14/10
Bloomberg reports that the FCC is considering requiring AT&T and
Verizon to lease their physical lines to other companies that want to
provide access to the Internet.
AT&T Inc. and Verizon Communications Inc. would be forced to lease fast
Internet lines to rivals providing Web services to small businesses
under a proposal being weighed by the Federal Communications Commission.
The idea, proposed to the FCC by computer-services company Cbeyond
Inc., has support from the Small Business Administration, which said it
could spur job creation. The plan would add to competition for business
clients, who are also being courted by cable providers led by Comcast
Corp. and Time Warner Cable Inc.
Letting competitors lease lines into businesses may boost Internet
adoption, help small businesses grow and aid job creation, said Colin
Crowell, an aide to FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski. ?That is certainly
something that we?ll look very closely at, and has a lot of appeal as
part of a national strategy,? said Crowell. The change may be proposed
as part of the FCC?s national plan for increasing the use of high-speed
Internet, or broadband, that is to be delivered to Congress in March,
Crowell said.
This is (to me) unexpected good news. Assume that we want competition
in the Internet access market; the Berkman study for the FCC [pdf]
provides evidence that competition is the single most important factor
in providing low cost, high speed coverage. But, it?s impractical to
think that each competitor is going to get all the permissions and
spend all the money required to string (or bury) a new connective
fiber. Therefore, requiring those who have strung wires (frequently
with generous incentives and handouts from taxpayers) to act as
wholesalers to other Internet providers seems like the most pragmatic
way to make the market competitive. (I don?t know who Cbeyond is or
what their role in this is.)
I did not think the Broadband Strategy Initiative might propose
something so transformative of the market. I am encouraged. (BTW, there
are interviews with FCC folks working on the Broadband strategy up at
Broadband Strategy Week. A new one with Yochai Benkler, leader of the
Berkman study, will go up early next week.)
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Joho the Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-14 20:21:05
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Study at Stanford Finds Computer Science Students 
Question of a more "P2P" ethic?
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Study at Stanford Finds Computer
Science Students are Biggest Cheaters via DailyTech News Feed on 2/12/10
Cheating Among Computer Science Students contributes to 22% of the
University's honor code violations...
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to DailyTech News Feed using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-14 20:29:54
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Hans Rosling, 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Hans Rosling, Swedish
Statistician Predicts the Exact Date China and India Catchup to the
West in Per Capita Income via Next Big Future by noreply at blogger.com
(bw) on 2/13/10
Hans Rosling in a TED Talk discusses the history of individual health
and wealth from 1858 through today and into the future. He discusses
the importance of national sovereignty, which helped Japan from 1858 to
1949 when India and China did not have it. I will give the punchline
date at the end of this article after the video. Spoiler room before
giving the date. Here is the date that Hans Rosling gives - June 27,
2048. I think for China it will be 2044 and for India it will be 2055.
[[ This is a content summary only. Visit my website for full links,
other content, and more! ]]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Next Big Future using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-15 13:36:04
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Profit Measures the Payer's lack of Physical 
Hi Michel:
A cost theory of value is generally a variation on a labor theory of
value--a core tenet of Marxism as I understand it.  These have been
articulated many times in many forms.
I don't get excited much about it either way.  One of my most respected
mentors, Gary Wamsley, plays with Marxism and its ideas rather regularly
though he says he is not a Marxist--seems like few want to stand up and
proudly proclaim the fact these days.  I'd guess in 1968 he could have been
recruited rather easily to the Marxist version of Kumbaya...the
I don't reject Marxism as a set of ideas because I am afraid of it, don't
understand it or because I adhere to some neo-national patriotism that
excludes Marxism as a reasonable possibility.  Quite the opposite.  I reject
it because I have read it and have found it simply not useful or accurate in
any way that merits further return.  I'm open to the prospect, but every
time I have returned it has all struck me as sillier than the last time.
Christians claim I'll gain insight from reading Leviticus...hasn't happened
yet.  Muslims claim I will know righteousness by reading the Koran...again,
no luck for me.  Marxism as science is always an interesting discussion, but
I don't see any veracity in it.  If others do, that's a world that works
just fine for a pragmatist.  I don't need consensus...I need the best we can
do under the circumstances where I get to have an idea and some appropriate
control over what "best" means.
I think anger management is a huge issue for nearly every human.  People who
tend to subscribe to Marxism I find to be generally profoundly angry about
the human condition to a point where they need solutions that are internally
coherent, rebellious, and feared.  It is a psychological way of being I
think.  People seek out Marxism.  I wouldn't at all be surprised if Marxists
have little bits of brain matter that are functioning in the same ways many
of the rest of us are not.  Hard core libertarian/capitalists are similar.
I understand neither of them very well.  But capitalists seem at least to
verge on the pragmatic.  Marxists rarely do in my experience.  It is always
a sort of theory that is almost science fiction-like in its distance from
what might possibly occur.  Another difference is that capitalists see many
realities they embrace as authentic and progressive toward what they want.
That is rare for Marxists.  I always hear...well, China isn't Marxist...or
Cuba or xxx isn't REAL Marxism...as if real Marxism might possibly come to
exist now or sometime in (Waiting for) Godot time.
I'll try to stop using the term Marxism.  You may well be right that I don't
know how to use it.  I wonder does anyone?  Was Marcuse a Marxist?  So much
of what he says seems to have nothing to do with Marx.  How about Eric
Hobsbawm?  I can't name a current Marxist...is Stallman one?  I wonder how
he would answer that.

@_date: 2010-02-15 13:58:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Profit Measures the Payer's lack of Physical 
It occurs to me that you might ask if I am a "Smithian" or "Smithist".
Taking the totality of his work, especially his moral reasoning (which he
thought he'd be remembered for...I would join my acquaintance Gavin Kennedy
in Scotland and proudly proclaim...yes! I am a Smithian.  Am I a
Neo-liberal?  Everytime I hear that term it seems to come with a snear.  So,
I'd say nope.  I get the sense it is like the word nigger--horrible unless
you use it to call someone like yourself the term and they accept you are
like them and there is tacit approval.  William James called himself a
pragmaticist rather than a pragmatist, if I recall properly.  Either of
those suit me if I am to have an epithet, but I would freely admit some of
WJ's writings make him out to be crazy as a loon.  Now, there are (sort-of?)
Marxists who call themselves pragmatists...Richard Rorty???  What do we do
with those?
If someone called someone a P2P'er (?) what would that entail?  Easier or
harder than Marxist to pin down?  Is it a "worldview?"

@_date: 2010-02-15 15:00:30
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] From Knowledge Stocks to Knowledge Flows 
Great piece.  John nail's it. as usual.  Net of it: Things are getting
highly unstable for businesses.
That's causing a crisis of credit.  Profit streams are shifting to knowledge
streams not knowledge pools.  Streams are far less predictable.  Strangely,
the areas being cut most are R&D (e.g. at big Pharma firms...)  We are
rapidly entering a hyperspace of change driven by technology evolution.
It all ties in perfectly with Kurzweilian technology acceleration.  Amazing
to watch it happen and to see people as brilliant and presdicent as John
Hagel articulating that they see it too.

@_date: 2010-02-16 11:40:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Profit Measures the Payer's lack of Physical 
Thanks.  And I accept your corrections.  I would still like to see Stallman
answer the question...is he a Marxist?
I personally don't see where you derive that Smith had a labor theory of
value.  He clearly understood markets.  I've meandered through Wealth of
Nations more than once...but I'll put the question to Gavin who is certainly
the authority...and a decently trained economist as well as historian.
As to profit, the big boogeyman of this list, I'd love to see someone define
it and categorize it without a cost theory or labor theory of value.  I'd
also love for someone to advance a moral theory as to why profit is
definitively inefficient, immoral or otherwise detrimental or when and under
what conditions it might be so.
That would be useful to P2P theory, I would think.
I cannot, for the life of me, see any issue in one person selling something
with gain if another person happily buys it.  Where the exploitation lies in
such systems is very hard to grasp.

@_date: 2010-02-17 10:23:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Profit Measures the Payer's lack of Physical 
To call what Smith wrote a labor theory of value is clearly a miss reading
in the sense Marx meant.  Smith understood supply and demand.  He did not
work out that S&D would be self-regulating (which it isn't), but he saw
price and value as elementally driven my the market, not by cost or inputs.
Of course there is a relationship...but it is only half the relationship (at
Sadly, I could not post on Gavin's comments for some reason...my Google
account was not recognized.  I've traded emails with him before...but he
doesn't list his email on his blog.
I do agree that what people call capitalism now was not the intent of Smith
who was arguably a modified localist.  He believed in free trade but that
was mostly in response to mercantilism.  To my mind, his moral sentiments
were far more developed and coherent than Marx's.  To my mind Adam Smith is
far more relevant to P2P than Marx could ever be.  But Smith is merely
moral; he isn't rebellious.  As such, he doesn't have Public Enemy cache for
the alienated.  What I think both did, one far more successfully than the
other, was to paint a vision of how "forward" might look.  In a sense, they
were both futurists.  One succeeded in painting a stable and workable world,
the other succeeded in painting a utopia that has inspired countless
personal and national disasters.
I agree tthat there are people obsessed with profit...and with growth.  And
there are people obsessed with equality too.  Both obsessions are dangerous
in my opinion.  I agree completely on externalities, as, I'd guess, would
The reason to have regulation, law and governance is to manage
externalities.   What P2P allows is to minimize governance to a set of rules
mutually enacted.  But the commons still requires protection, order,
structure and "artificial" mechanisms to exist.  There is no dissolving the
state or classes (which of course don't really exist anyway outside of a
social model) and then having some residual order and sustainable outcome.
Justice is a social construct.  We attain (or approach) social construct
ideals through artificial means of implementing governance.  There are no
final solutions, ultimates, fiat utopias or steady-state economies.
Fundamentalism is not compatible with P2P...not market fundamentalism, not
equity fundamentalism, not religious fundamentalism.  Indeed, the boundaries
and barriers of the fundamental are antithetical to the commons which must
be inherently dialogic and practical.
Regardless, I think Marx is really a charade with nothing to offer except
rebelliousness.  There is no "truth" to any of it as theory in that truth is
being useful for enlightening current understanding and positive planning
for a reasonable future.  Marx did not explain the course of capital,
capitalism or the nation state.  His sociology is fiction in that the
constructs he relies on are not real and not relevant to most people's
reality.  His politics has, as attempted, repeatedly failed and led to
misery and poverty.  He has contributed nothing to environmental protection
or has he inspired great subsequent ideas that are widely esteemed.  What
does this giant offer us?

@_date: 2010-02-17 20:45:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Profit Measures the Payer's lack of Physical 
Hi Michel:
What is important to the debate is the prior paragraph.  Marx is long since
dead and buried.  I don't expect to see any revivals of note, so if we
disagree there, I am OK with that.  I expect he'll be popular on college
campuses for the few more decades we have those.

@_date: 2010-02-18 13:51:47
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Patent Litigation Dilemma: Free Riders 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Patent Litigation Dilemma:
Free Riders via NYT > Technology by By STEVE LOHR on 2/18/10
The suspicion in the technology industry is that Intellectual Ventures
is essentially outsourcing its litigation, that is selling or licensing
certain patents to shell companies and patent attorneys, and that it
has agreed to share in the proceeds.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to NYT > Technology using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-22 08:09:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] iceland 
I agree this is a great area.  I feel that most of the ownership models
needed are available in most countries.  Now they need to work to encourage
people toward co-ops, resource trusts (e.g. land trusts), NGO models, etc.
Freedom of expression, however, is always under threat.  Article 19 does
great work on this...and here is a link where people can endorse the Camden
Principles on Freedoms of Expression and Equality.
I really admire and appreciate what Iceland is moving toward as a haven of
expression.  Great work!

@_date: 2010-02-22 08:31:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] bio is tech bk 
The particularly interesting thing about DIYbio to me is that it is as much
a breadth science as an analytical/depth one alone.  Unlike, say, physics,
or even economics, there is no need for great analytical and/or mathematical
prowess to be a serious biologist.  Of course it helps to know some
statistics and to be good at spacial geometry for biochemistry, but what is
needed is often fairly straightforward--someone with the general science
training of a physician can hope to do work that is at the edge.  Further,
computers can be great assistants in this area today...not someday.
As with garage manufacturing, it is feasible that there will be large
numbers of distributed bio-companies doing everything from purifying cooking
oils to making small batches of nanoparticles, cleaning microbes or
concentrated flavors.  For obvious reasons, regulations in this area become
an issue.  Someone messing with weaponable materials is obviously a problem.
I'd recommend those contemplating distributed manufacturing consider adding
DIYbio to their portfolios.  It's an obvious link.  There will also be
combination areas...e.g. laying down organs through ink-jetting stem cells
onto forms.  Replacement biology alone is a huge area of near-term promise.
One can see this by the fact that advances are coming broadly from a wide
range of institutions globally.  It isn't just at CERN or Harvard, etc.
where things are popping.  Again, breadth sciences/technologies have the
likelihood of moving much faster...as when edge physics could be done on a
notebook in Copenhagen or Zurich as opposed to in a giant machine nations
have to coordinate to build.

@_date: 2010-02-22 08:57:57
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] bio is tech bk 
Hi Michel,
Biology is a hardware science...like the early makers of computers.  Cooking
up bad stuff is, unfortunately, not that hard.  Indeed, you are already
seeing it in the elicit drug trades where purity and concomitant dangers
have increased dramatically since the 1980s.
The best chemists in the WW1 era were immediately engaged in making
weapons...mustard gas, for instance (google Fritz Haber...a real genius).
As to bio hazards and especially weapons, I fear the capacity is not that
hard to make the agents.  What is fortunately difficult is distribution and
mass production.  Nature has fairly good defenses.
There are now serious scientists talking about "seeding" other planets--as
in various science fictions.  One even got recent international press by
saying there was a moral imperative to seed.  But the technical difficulties
are considerable.  Living things die.  Big molecules are often relatively
unstable, etc.
I think it would be rare that a person who knows what they are doing would
"accidentally" create a dangerous thing on a large scale.  That said,
drinking the Kool-Aid in a lab could be treacherous.  Dumping it down a
drain to much bad effect...not as likely.
There are macro and micro projects.  In essence, making wine is a DIY
biotechnology.  I know many here are against GMO, but I could see huge
possibilities in making GMOs and putting them into a commons trust for the
betterment of world farming...or people starting vaccine labs for relatively
minor prospects...Cuba, for instance, claims to have made progress on a
prostate vaccine.  Other successes are happening in similar areas for
melanoma and other diseases.  Now that genomes of cancers are being
published, and research is moving to the public domain, it is feasible to
actually be an anti-cancer hobbiest if you are as committed as, say, someone
who would invent their own Arduino system.
I'm personally very excited by this area.  Another one that is similar is
amateur epidemiology and linking genomic medicine with genealogy.  There are
many others.  It is an area as rich as software for its diversity...and the
best items often link two such areas...for example, imagine a
biological Arduino.   Or amateur/open versions of what Affymetrix does (
  Also, as AGI comes closer, and life
can be manufactured, these will open vast possibilities of "designer
creatures."  Will some of them be weapons...sadly yes.  But most will not
be.  Openness is the friend of peace in my view unless one has
real "trusted" entities.  Most here would not trust states, but I would
trust some states much more than others.  Having the NSA be able to
intercept cell phone calls is net good for human safety...having China do
it...I'm not so sure.  That's why good governance is so important, and why
lumping all governance as evil is so dangerous, IMO.

@_date: 2010-02-22 09:14:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] bio is tech bk 
Not sure if this topic has ever been fully covered:  The transition from
hobbiest to P2P producer.  What is that transition?  Are there stages?  What
distinguishes one from the other, etc.  In other words, how does a Sam Rose
come to evolve?  If we could understand that, we could produce/encourage
more such people to go from Make Faires to P2P makers.

@_date: 2010-02-22 09:39:30
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] bio is tech bk 
I wonder what the barriers have been to the formation of what we see as new
models?  I am starting to think the issue (as it has always been) is access
to information.  Of course that would be an educator's view.  De Re
Metallica by Georg Agricola (note the translator was the later US president)
revolutionized manufacturing in the Renaissance and probably was the most
important capitalist text ever written...
Who is writing the P2P how to manuals for DIY manufacturing and bio?  I
wonder if P2PF ought to work out a joint advertising deal with Make

@_date: 2010-02-23 07:53:26
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Social Television 
The revolution will be...television - Herald Scotland | News | Home
Ewan McIntosh is a digital media consultant who specialises in new
technology start-ups. He is working with companies already preparing for the
new integrated world. TV programmes on tap will be standard, but what else
can the potent cocktail of televisual entertainment and internet
connectivity bring? One obvious area, according to Mr McIntosh, is that of
fandom. Imagine mixing Twitter feeds with Facebook fan groups and hit shows
such as Glee and Britain?s Got Talent in real time on your TV. ?Fans will be
able to congregate much more freely at the time of broadcast,? said Mr
McIntosh. ?Right now, if I was a fan of The X Factor I would wait until a
show is over before I would go on the forums to talk about it. It is clunky
and you have to go to a different room. But if I was able to take part in
live chat during the show, or look at fan sites, that helps create a TV
phenomenon.? This is dubbed Social TV... It's one of the big predictions
being made for the medium?s future.

@_date: 2010-02-23 08:30:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Request: Peer to Peer and Human Evolution 
I quite agree...though with a very different conclusion.  I embrace the
ubiquitous state in an Age that is becoming rather frightening for the lack
of governance.  It is coming regardless as almost all major technology
research areas for the next gens of the web and cell network are highly
secure, deeply coded and very intensely guarded from predatory actions such
as phishing.  The trouble is, these technologies all entail centralization.
I see a very near term shift toward a paid participation Internet...much as
I too love the freeness...it is coming to an end within 2 decades.  Forward
thinking states will make it a commons and give it away.  Most won't.  In
this time of protecting job opportunities, it is too tempting to fragment it
so as to create jobs.  This is the story with US health insurance.  Everyone
grasps the government would indeed be more efficient...in fact we already
know it is more efficient...but it ultimately cuts private sector
jobs...which is the real motivation for legislators in democracies from
Iceland to California.
The power of supercomputers is such that virtually all non-stream data will
be inspected for content.  I understand groups are now hiding codes in
stream media so as to avoid auto-detection (e.g. terrorists).  That is, they
are sending simple codes via video.  It is easy to distribute and difficult
to break into.  Talking on a cell phone is public information the world
over.  Typing an email is public information the world over.  It is a matter
of time before rogue states (e.g. China) can do this trivially.  The key is
to get them to not be rogue...not to escalate the losing battle of trying
for ever more intense codes.
There is no media on earth now that travels through the air or a wire that
the U.S. intelligence services cannot access.  Keys are getting longer, but
the upper hand goes to those policing.  They have bigger machines...better
coders...more resources in general.  And they have more motivation.
This is fantasy.  It is headed rapidly in the other direction.  I live in a
banking centre.  I can tell you that the bad guys (e.g. drug dealers) are
having a tough time managing their money.  No one (no one) will move large
amounts of value 10 years from now without very careful and nearly public
records of it being made.  Organizations like SWIFT are very secure and very
heavily invested in staying that way.  What is closing rapidly is the idea
of rogue banking operations.  Banks have been effectively made part of the
shadow government in this last recession...the world over.  What they do is
simply too important to allow it to happen without governance.  The steps
are slow, but they are real and permanent.
One of the fantasies of science fiction is continuous crime ongoing into the
future.  One reason violent crime is dropping precipitously in the U.S. is
that investigation power is growing immensely...in short, bad guys are
getting caught more frequently.  Sadly the US has cast a wide net and some
non-bad guys (e.g. simple drug users) are in it.  Far too many.  Crime is up
in the third world and minor destinations where technology is far behind and
systems are poor.  Even in those places, the battle is heated.  Mexico is
making major progress toward ridding itself of drug lords who just a year or
two ago threatened to topple the state into another one of those desirable
If we RFID coded all modes of transport and put recorder pylons on street
corners.  We could quickly narrow down suspects to major crimes in a matter
of minutes.  In that world, I say stamp me, baby.  I've got nothing to
hide.  The nations that allow themselves to be governed badly...I pity.
Either way, it is coming.  It's simply coming.
Actually there are many.  Banking is full of them.  So are militaries.  On
the other side, Kerberos was one of the first things we worked on when the
Internet took off.  If you meant "open" versions.  I agree.  Open
authentication is a strange concept, however.  So is P2P authentication.
First, someone would have to define what it means.  The best ways to do this
are with familiarity.  If it is commerce, then the best means are private
communities--shopping networks like Amazon.  If there is no value involved,
why authenticate?  If there is value, why not use the market?
When I hear post-state, I think of corporations ruling the world.  People
will organize.  Organizations will grow.  Someone will have to police.
Peer-to-Peer is great because it minimizes that in uncontested or minimally
contested spaces.  Regardless, the world is rapidly headed the other way.

@_date: 2010-02-23 09:53:14
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] interview about venezuela - nterview with 
Just a quick point or two...no one in V. or C. would call themselves
"Afro-Caribbean."  First, the term they would use...if they used one...is
Mestizo which translates roughly to mixed race.  Second, they aren't part of
the Caribbean to people from the Caribbean.  There is a language barrier, a
historical barrier, and a cultural barrier.  They would be called "Latin
American."  Indeed, the African portion of both countries (V. and C.) is
historically rather small.  They did not grow sugar much so there wasn't as
much slavery there as, say, Brazil or Cuba.
Second, Bolivar would have no idea what Chavez is doing.  He was a great fan
of individual liberties...though he had to be convinced slavery was a
problem...he mostly admired the US revolution and has many writings saying
so.  See more here on the misuse of his name...
Third, it is well know that US presence in Colombia is anti-drug related.
They are nearly all on the other side of the country...not near to V where
the lands are pastoral and not suited to Coca.  The population of lands in
C. near V. is low.  Most people live in the West of C.
Fourth, Colombia is well admired for finally breaking free of their civil
war which lasted 40 years killing 10s of thousands.  They did it with
democratic institutions that regularly change power through elections.
Their courts frequently are at odds with their executive branch and their
legislature is notoriously independent (like the US).  Both armies use
sophisticated weaponry bought in the US and Europe, mostly.  Most of the
recent conflicts have been seen to have been precipitated and escalated by
V.   It is
clear that V. was arming FARC insurgeants and weapons have been traced by
independent authorities to the V. government.  The history and status of
FARC is well understood.  They are denounced by the US, Mexico, Spain and
Brazil as a terrorist organization.  Indeed, Chavez's argument that they be unlabeled as such was based on the
idea that they would stop rogue practices (e.g. kidnapping students and NGO
workers for ransome).
I'm all for the good professor being an activist.  I wish more academics
followed his lead.  It would be good if he could base his talks on some
relevant facts rather than his own political ideals.

@_date: 2010-02-23 10:07:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Bloom Box...household fuel cell. 
Apparently taking off after positive press from the US news show 60 Minutes.

@_date: 2010-02-23 10:39:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Request: Peer to Peer and Human Evolution 
I had a similar response here...where the government immediately said no way
because of money laundering of criminal funds.  We already have problems
with counterfeiters as a small state.
Even still, the Chamber of Commerce is interested if it can be made
electronic.  The government is OK with any system that is electronic (e.g. a
debit card).

@_date: 2010-02-23 22:44:27
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] No secret recipes at open source restaurant 
So many things...basic things, remain undone by Open/P2P types.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: No secret recipes at open source
restaurant via Springwise by Springwise on 2/21/10
Back in 2008 we wrote about Arne Hendriks's plan to create a
crowdsourced restaurant in Amsterdam. As of December, the resulting
eatery?called by its founders "the world's first open source
restaurant"?has now opened.
At the Instructables Restaurant, which launched as a pop-up event at
the historic Theatrum Anatomicum of the Waag in Amsterdam, patrons
receive not only creatively-cooked food but also instructions for
preparing everything they see, eat and use?including the furniture. For
example, someone seeking the recipe for the Tom Kha Gai soup they just
enjoyed can either claim it at the restaurant or download it online;
and anyone interested in making their own versions of the restaurant's
recycled 50-gallon barrel chairs can do likewise.
Everything in the restaurant derives from Instructables, a web-based
documentation platform where people share their expertise with others,
whether it's cooking, pottery or woodworking. Even the instructions for
creating the restaurant itself are now available on Instructables.com.
Is this a model to emulate for MIY (make-it-yourself) fans in your part
of the world? (Related: Crowdsourced restaurant taps local community ?
Restaurant lets patrons make their own pancakes ? Open source eco-car,
designed by wiki.)
Website: Contact: arnehendriks at yahoo.com
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Springwise using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-23 22:57:47
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Mike Treder What takes the place of the nation-state? 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Mike Treder What takes the
place of the nation-state? via Ethical Technology on 2/23/10
The nation-state as a primary locus of power in the world is a paradigm
that dates back only a few hundred years. Could that model be replaced
in our lifetimes by something different?
Over the long span of human history (and pre-history), the accumulation
and projection of power have taken many forms. Nation-states have been
the dominant pattern of sovereign political organization for only about
the last two or three centuries. Prior to that, monarchies and
feudalism prevailed.
Although we are all accustomed to the nation-state, there is nothing
magical about it. If another form of organization and governance better
fits changing times, then something else might well become the new
primary model for most if not all of the world.
In a recently concluded poll, we asked IEET readers: ?Which country
will be most powerful in 2050??
Although China was the  answer by a wide margin, a significant number
of respondents said they do not expect any nation-state to be dominant
40 years from now.
Just over 10% picked the UN (United Nations), and another 22 people
(about 7% of all voters) provided answers ranging from global
governance to corporations to A.I. singletons.
As one example of the thinking behind this point, here is something
that Chris Smedley, a technology consultant from Toronto, Canada,
posted on my Facebook page in a discussion on the topic (reprinted by
Countries may not exist as viable entities in 2050. Countries are local
in their scope and suboptimal in managing change?generally ineffective
By 2050 we will be more global in all of our interactions. Geographic
boundaries will seem pointless. Political beliefs and ideologies will
not be managed by a small number of people on behalf of the masses.
Social collectivism using electronic media and global interconnections
will act to create dynamic groups that share common interests and
objectives. This is the time that global social communication is
providing the foundation to change the way people communicate, share
viewpoints, manage themselves, work with others, and effect change.
One can only hope that we get to a global ?government? for the global
issues and have local government for issues that are local. Any
organization that fits in between these two extremes will become
increasingly obsolete.
Or perhaps I am too hopeful that the next 40 years of exponential
growth will have a profound and transformative effect on the way that
people act collectively.
What do you think? Is Chris right?
We?ve just posted a new poll for IEET readers asking your opinion on
what might replace the nation-state as a primary locus of power during
this century. Options you can choose from are:
? City-states - If nations recede in power, perhaps strong
municipalities will replace them.
? Multipolar regional blocs - Such as the EU, ASEAN, etc.
? Global government - Either the UN or something that supersedes it.
? A.I. singleton - Friendly or perhaps not.
? Emergent social media - Imagine Facebook or Google Buzz on steroids.
? Corporations - Assuming we?re not there already.
? Anarchy / individualism - If this is your answer, I?d like to hear in
the comments how you would see it taking place.
? Nation-states will continue to rule - Forty years is a long time, but
maybe not long enough to dislodge the nation-state as primary sovereign.
And if you have another idea, feel free to write it in under the
?Other? category.
Thanks for your participation!
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Ethical Technology using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-24 08:34:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
Hi Michel:
I would suggest a binary set of classification:
1. What is shared.
2. How is it shared.
Item two is the more diverse set.  It includes means of protecting the
commons; means of expanding it; means of governing it.
For the most part, elements under 1 are relatively uncontroversial except in
relations to items under 2.  All of the controversy of the commons is
related to "how."  It is there that systemic backgrounds come into play and
anarchists are divided from liberals, libertarians from governance
advocates, and classic communists from techno-utopians, etc.  I agree that
P2PF needs to be neutral on most of these fronts, but that doesn't mean that
various "wings" cannot have strong boundaries.  I generally support commons
and open but only in the context of rule of law, democratic institutions,
etc. That is my classification.  It is different than, say, Kevin's.   What
is problematic is the idea that one classification nullifies the prospect of
dialogue and interaction with any other.  The existence of the
classifications is not inherently problematic...it is the unwillingness to
see across boundaries and to revisit them that is a problem.
For example, is the commons organized under the rule of law in a given
My guess is that if one started with item 2 above, there could be a
relatively small and tight list of necessary conditions, etc. for a range
of, say 16 major classifications of commons.  Of course the leaves are
infinite.  I would still like to argue that commons are for more "common"
than most think.  Of course that is an argument of structure/function.
Without a taxonomy, such a discussion is impossible to manage.
Open questions: Is a public library a commons?  I would say yes.  Others
might disagree. We should be able to tick down a list of criteria that
define it one way or the other.  If it is a vehicle of the state (as most
libraries) some would say, no, it cannot be a commons.
My guess is that such a morphology would lead to terms of "strong" and
"weak" versions of this or that.  Such classifications are not intrinsically
useful, but they would provide designers with a set of branching design
decisions that would allow them to explain themselves, seek peers or to
innovate by splitting categories in new ways.

@_date: 2010-02-24 18:50:28
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Caltech scientists find first physiological evidence 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Caltech scientists find first
physiological evidence of brain's response to inequality via
EurekAlert! - Breaking News on 2/23/10
The human brain is a big believer in equality -- and a team of
scientists from the California Institute of Technology and Trinity
College in Dublin, Ireland, has become the first to gather the images
to prove it.Specifically, the team found that the reward centers in the
human brain respond more strongly when a poor person receives a
financial reward than when a rich person does.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to EurekAlert! - Breaking News using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-25 09:25:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
I think the key boundaries are as follows:
1. A P2P Commons attempt to maximize free, voluntary and open sharing of
assets that are engaged in the commons.
2. Assets placed in the commons are irrevocably there and cannot be removed
for personal gains. Ongoing participation in a commons implies shared
responsibility for its sustaining expenses.  When a commons cannot be
sustained, it is dissolved so as to maximize reuse and sharing of its prior
assets without cost or selfish limitations.
3. P2P (though not necessarily a commons) emphasizes reduced hierarchical
control and greater autonomy of the individual. The role of parties, states,
churches, co-ops, corporations, shareholding owners and other collective
action bodies is intentionally minimized in any form of governance of the
Secondary boundaries (many may reject these in individual terms and still
claim status as a P2P commons):
a. Commons work to avoid free riding by encouraging valid and useful
contributions to the commons as a sustainable process.
b. P2P commons work to minimize governance interventions.
c. Commons work to provide useful and valuable tools, assets and services to
d. Commons reject inputs and uses that are applied for gains that are not
sustainable or that adversely impact the environment.
e. Commons apply open, fair and recognizably democratic means to govern
f. Commons are not owned by a state.  They are created out of voluntary
participation mechanisms where users and participants continually and freely
choose to participate and the right to exit from participation and support
clearly exists.
g. Commons are not a part of or party to any form of capitalism, communism,
anarchism or socialism as a political ideal and may be compatible with any
form of government that allows voluntary and free participation in protected
sharing schemes that are self-governing within reasonably constraints (e.g.
valid safety or environmental regulations).
h. P2P commons reject the idea of a single controller, a controller or
governor for life, or any mode of control or ownership of the commons that
positions one person or one group as a vanguard, protector, trustee or
governor acting beyond reasonable terms of a few years and freely chosen by
participating members.  Organizers and social entrepreneurs who start
commons with benign intent and who have imbued a commons with their own
personal will have greater latitude under this criterion so long as their
actions are reasonably consistent with the long-term goals and boundaries of
i. Commons are perpetual and may not be privatized.
j. Commons work toward ideals of general public good even if the public good
is at odds with most members of the commons.

@_date: 2010-02-25 09:43:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
I suppose it is new.  I try to say it as influenced by the flow of
conversations here...which even when I reject items in somewhat summary
form, I listen to. I think the challenge of such writing is to say the most
without giving people specific items from which they can reject the whole.
I am particularly agitated of late by anarchist lines. That tells me I see
some truth in their arguments though I am inclined to reject them
summarily.  The portion of libertarianism that draws me is the ideal of
limited governance and autonomy.  In the long run, I doubt it works.  Either
way, it is an education problem and there is still policing to be done.  But
that is an example where I think we need to understand what is compelling
about arguments like Kevin, Smari, etc. make and which I respect as
legitimate if contra to my own views.
Learning for me entails constantly brushing with things I think I reject and
seeing what I can adapt and adopt.  It is my own approach to collaboration,
I guess.  I used to feel very similarly toward libertarians and toward
corporate capitalism.  I see value in each of these now...though I still
reject the basic tenets behind them.
A long way of saying, I don't reference my old stuff...a dangerous trait for
those who wish not to get caught in being inconsistent.

@_date: 2010-02-25 09:49:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
Thanks.  Feel free (you or Sepp) to edit and make as communal as you like.
I am particularly interested in rebuttals.  Patrick and Kevin usually can
get my goat, in particular.

@_date: 2010-02-25 10:05:28
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
Hi Michel:
A commons is not a corporation because a corporation has a defined purpose
other than useful sharing.  A commons may be organized as a corporation
legally but a corporation cannot become a commons unless its purpose is
free, open sharing with minimal purposes beyond those ends.
A commons is not a co-op because it is perfectly reasonable for a co-op to
attempt to maximize the intrinsic value of its assets.  A commons would not
do this as a stated goal.  Still, a co-op could be structured to be a
commons or to have many commons-like features.  The similarities are perhaps
greatest here.
A commons is not a state because it does not create its own mechanisms for
policing and enforcement beyond rudimentary social guides and constraints.
It also does not hold "public" property.
A commons is not a commune because individual property rights are not
inconsistent with the commons.  A person may use, for example, a creative
commons license and still participate in the commons.

@_date: 2010-02-25 19:17:09
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
Hi David:
In summary, I basically agree with all of your points.  I'll detail a bit.
Agreed of course.  But the idea of sharing the benefit in some legitimately
common way is a priority even for fixed or limited assets.  Land trusts are
a great favorite of mine and I call them commons. Heck, I think a public
library is a commons of sorts.  But I've always erred expansively.
I agree that all the mechanisms and technologies of active societies should
be brought to bear--including all legal and organizational means.  But not
every is so pragmatic.  That is where I was headed with "strong and weak
forms" of some typology.
Again, I agree.  From my view, most co-ops are commons.  But I think there
is room for a more restrictive view that sees the commons in fairly pure
tones and in concert with differing intellectual heritages.
What we do at the P2PF (often) is to think in ideal and future perfect terms
so as to attempt to gain some directional confidence for our own acts and
theories.  Of course we all like movements toward more collaborative and
shared forms, but there is often distinction and contest over "ideal" forms
with anarchists arguing against liberals, etc. if such titles continue to
hold much meaning--and I think they do.
So, there is clearly a pragmatism for "now" (which overwhelmingly interests
me) and then there is, for some, a more revolutionary spirit that is, to my
mind, often more European, more intellectual and less inclined to
accommodations with Elinor Ostrom's fairly pragmatic analyses--which I have
long been a fan of.
Personally, I make a poor communist/Marxist/anarchist in either heart or
mind.  But Michel encourages, and I think quite rightly so, a heterodox set
of voices on theoretical issues.  And we have it in our little
foundation--at times almost frighteningly so (for me).
I have found, not surprisingly, that I learn a great deal when people of
differing views make their cases. It is impossible not to recognize a stream
of commons has roots to anarchist theories, to utopian socialism, and to
Marxian forms both practiced and theoretical.  Of course this is news to no
one.  It isn't my personal theoretical heritage, as I have said.  But it is
legitimate and reasonable...particularly outside North America and
increasingly in European grass roots commons movements.  I find the Germanic
countries to be particularly well represented with people steeped in such
I was responding to those influences (where Michel is well known and highly
appreciated for his openness to differences as I understand the situation)
and trying to allow for inclusion of more "radicalized" views within the
boundaries.  Sometimes more radicalized views can only be accommodated by
having narrower terms of core ideals.  I completely agree, however, that the
full definition ought to be more expansive with regard to possible linkages
and associates for the overall idea of the commons.  Still, I think there is
good cause to walk with those who are theoretically anti-state, etc. so long
as actions are pragmatic and theories are not fundamental.
Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2010-02-25 19:30:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
Of course.  For now, I'll let it be in email form.

@_date: 2010-02-25 20:00:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
Hi Alex,
I agree.  The narrowest boundaries for commonality as to what is a commons
are pretty tight.
Yes, but organizational theory has existed for a while even though
organizations are porous.  We have cell pathways but talk about cells even
though they are parts of larger systems.  Such distinctions are social
constructs that require agreement as to rules and norms.  Not everyone does
agree, so point taken that boundary discussions are always problematic.  An
yet, we always have boundaries.  The average Israeli or Palestinian would
draw the border different ways.  Outside of the language of power, how can
we ever reach accord?  Conventions are rarely negotiated fully...usually
someone just presents a pragmatic system baseline.  There really is no full
negotiation.  In the end, definitions are arbitrary, but the are real, too.
I concur with your idea that commons may use systematic or organizational
elements that are not directly in the spirit of the more exclusive ideals I
set out.
I see where you are going, I think.  I don't have any quibbles with it.  If
you want the definition of commons (for you) to be more open to conventional
organizational aspects (e.g. having sales, dealing with scarcity ideas,
etc.) I am with you.  Others have different views.  Consensus is always
messy stuff.  Without it though, we end up creating even more arbitrary and
over-stated boundaries.
Again, I agree.  That's where I started last April..and what Michel just put
up on Facebook...a set of normative guidelines.  Those are harder in a sense
than organizational theory guidelines.
I think commons and P2P are separate, distinct and yet intertwined.  I don't
think one is a superset and the other a subset.  P2P is about governance to
a large degree.  Commons is about purpose or mode of function.  Of course,
purpose relates to governance and vice versa.  I think we need to engage on
both personally and to find out what the theories are.  P2P is harder...and
commons is already problematic and hard.  Combining them is messy.
How do we proceed when things are intertwined but different...like brain
cells and ideas?  In a sense we deal with them as different levels of
network protocols...I used to use the OSI 7 layer open systems protocol
models a lot.  It reminds me of those. At one level you are talking a
physical link with physical connections.  At another you might have a
transport protocol.  P2P and commons are analogous.  Something is going on
with different protocols at each level.  In biology, you might have
electro-chemical protocols which are obviously different but related to
psycho-social realities and protocols...built on (?)...but different...used
to differing ends and in different ways.  I'm not sure one reductionist or
analytical model gets you to the best or most efficient understanding.
It's hard to get a handle really.  Organizational theory is similar...many
modes of looking at one firm...systematic, institutional, etc. We can have
ten maps of California that are better than combining them into one map.
Still, we need a geography of the commons and of P2P.

@_date: 2010-02-26 07:05:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
I was going to write almost the exact same this that Michel did.  I'm not
sure even for non-P2P commons that inclusion of items or materials that are
non renewable is a good model.  Land, natural resources, etc. are fine.
Ovens, tractors, etc. really more co-ops or communes.  A commons isn't a
commune.  The point of a commune is community ownership.
You can't put your sweater into a commons.  It is a limited resource.  At
some point, if a resource cannot be allocated to all who desire it in some
equitable and reasonable way, then hierarchical governance is necessary.  I
agree that P2P may be a new thing because technology has changed...or if
Michel is not saying that, I am.
That said, old items such as forests or fishing stocks can be fit into the
model (of commons...maybe even P2P commons) reasonably.
Said another way, P2P isn't about scarce non-renewable capital in a
manufacturing input sense.

@_date: 2010-02-26 07:29:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Am I missing any commons? 
I think there is a thread of P2P...maybe even a major source, that has roots
in Marxist ideas.  That said, P2P is now ascendant, and Marxism is, to my
mind, in decline.  Consequently, there is an attempt by conventional
Marxists to appropriate P2P.  If they succeed, P2P will simply become the
Marxism that many reject.
I think it is important for those heavily influenced by Marxian lines to
have an open path to commons and P2P discussions.  I also think there is a
point where those historical ideas are exclusive and fundamental.  I
consider myself to be a strong advocate of the commons and P2P.  I consider
myself to in no way to be Marxist.  If it becomes a process whereby Marxists
argue there is no place on the commons or in P2P for me, that's
fine...that's a political process.  My guess is that the same structures as
exist now will ensue where most reject the Marxian political and social

@_date: 2010-02-26 14:12:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Am I missing any commons? 
I share this pragmatic view.  Really, it is my only view.  I do not have a
framework from which I can sit in judgement of this organizational form or
that distribution mechanism and say it is good or bad.  I can only see
"better" where better is defined in some reasonably pragmatic way.
Collaboration, sharing and broader access are all reasonable goals for
"better".  That doesn't entail a set worldview with bright line boundaries.
One doesn't have to have a coherent link to a normative framework to be part
of a commons or a P2P commons or system.  There is no real weltanshauung for
the commons or for P2P beyond some pretty basic aims at increased access,
sharing, and collaboration with minimal emphasis on individual gains in the
The lesson to me of P2P theory is that it is ultimately about applications.
I suspect that is the frustration Alex is expressing, and it is one I
share.  Still, I also agree with the point that we need better tools of
classification, typology, etc. so as to understand the organizational
theories of commons and P2P.  Some work has been done on that (e.g. by
Elinor Ostrom).  It is, to my mind, only the vaguest sort of beginning.  It
will not and cannot be definitive or constitutional.  Descriptive guidelines
are simply suggestions...not rules.  No one is claiming high ground.
What Alex also says I very much agree with: that is, we need a
normative guidelines of P2P and the commons that are sui generis.  This is
far more difficult territory because there are already so many normative
theories that people bring to the table: e.g. libertarian, corporate,
Marxist, anarchist, liberal, etc.  A normative theory tends to derive from a
philosophy of history...e.g. class struggle, or religious evolution toward
some necessary outcome.  It remains to be seen whether technical change is
entailing new theories of history and justice.  I suspect such theories are
needed.  I doubt they will link much with 19th or 18th century beginnings
(much less those of 20+ centuries ago).  Normative guidelines are simply
suggestions...not rules.  No one is claiming high ground.
There is no science of the ideal commons or P2P commons nor can there be.
Still, guidelines on design descriptors and normative approaches are
extremely useful.
I think a binding philosophy of history that is emerging amongst P2P
commoners is the idea that profit is increasingly problematic both
intrinsically and, for a subset, morally.  Meanwhile, the state as a
substitute for profiting institutions is even more problematic.  Thus, we
search for solutions in the applications areas...how will people live with
commons in fact, rather than in theory.  Further, there must be means by
which items easily copied and shared can be distributed broadly without some
sort of skewed and ridiculous version of a market model...even while markets
in general are not spurned and considered somehow inherently flawed.

@_date: 2010-02-27 11:32:35
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The State Of The Internet 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The State Of The Internet via
Six Pixels of Separation - Marketing and Communications Insights - By
Mitch Joel at Twist Image by Mitch Joel on 2/26/10
Who doesn't love a bunch of mind-blowing stats?
It's even harder not to love a bunch of mind-blowing stats when they're
surrounded by cool graphics and future pop instrumental music. There's
no doubt that the following video, The State of The Internet, by Jesse
Thomas is going to playing at the beginning of many conferences and
business meetings that have an Internet, Social Media, Technology of
any future-based theme going forward.
For your viewing pleasure:
JESS3 / The State of The Internet from Jesse Thomas on Vimeo.
(hat-tip: Mashable)
Tags: jesse thomas mind-blowing stats online social network online
video social media technology the state of the internet vimeo
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Six Pixels of Separation - Marketing and Communications
Insights - By Mitch Joel at Twist Image using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-27 13:01:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
This is very well put.  I concur.
A great deal of Ostrom's early research focused on what I would call
co-operatives rather than commons.  But I agree.  And the similarities are
greater than the differences.
Certainly in pre-modern cultures--native Americans, first Australians, etc.
one would find these things.  It is not a useful example in most cases in my
view.  In modern terms, I think the best example would be sea-based
resources.  It is of interest to me because many of the best global
locations for OTEC are beyond territorial waters.  Laws of the sea apply.
These areas are also of interest to seasteading folks--mostly pretty sharp
Since laws tend to follow states, and states have boundaries, and commons
are organized under laws, this seems inevitable.  The real question, as
Michel and I were going back and forth on a few days ago, is whether a
commons is "protected." That protection would tend to emanate from the rule
of law...states, etc.
There are analogies in accounting to activity-based costing in manufacturing
operations you may want to have a look at.  But it seems even with your
model a person has an account.  The value in the account must be set somehow
by contribution, time, etc. for additions or subtractions to be made.
Otherwise how does one limit free-riding?  So even without organizational
roles qua systems theory, you still end up with producers and consumers and
means of analyzing who is who.
I would first note the irony (given the topic) of your last line.
With regard to your definition, the first sentence is inherently not P2P, so
it is a constraint on P2P.  It seems odd to lead with it.  Overall, your
definition could describe a market economy, or am I reading it wrong?
I then struggle with how you mean "inevitably" as if it is a given.  P2P is
voluntary.  What part is inevitable and why?
I would myself argue that p2p has to start with some notion of what
constitutes a peer.  Most of it is acknowledgment of the rights and
privileges of that counter-party.
I don't mean to be excessively critical, but simply trying to be clear in

@_date: 2010-02-27 22:04:12
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] One year update on the University of the People 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: One year update on the
University of the People via Tony Bates by Tony Bates on 2/26/10
Kolowich, S. (2010) Tuition-free, online education? Try University of
the People USA Today February 22
This provides a good update on the progress of the global, tuition free
University of the People. So far it has just over 300 students, and is
likely to have major problems getting accreditation in the USA (which
might say more about US accreditation procedures than it does about the
UofP). It is heavily dependent on volunteer instructors, around which
there have been some obvious difficulties.
However, in my view it is far too early to judge the success or
otherwise of this project. I think the key is to find an existing high
quality university partner who will accept credits from the University
of the People. This will then open a route for formally recognized
qualifications. This partner is less likely to be in the USA, but may
be one of the nationally recognised open universities in other
This article is well worth reading in full if you are interested in
open education.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Tony Bates using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-28 13:56:00
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?b?TXVzaW5nIGFib3V0IOKAnHNoYXJpbmfigJ0gYW5k?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Musing about ?sharing? and
privacy via confused of calcutta on 2/28/10
Over the last few years, with the continuing evolution of social media,
there?s been a proliferation of tools that help people share
information, experiences, opinions, even actions and status. Devices
have gotten ?smarter? and more ubiquitous, and as a result, sharing has
been made possible in more forms than before: audio, image, video and
text. And, as the communications infrastructure has improved, it has
meant that the things that get shared get shared more quickly.
During all this time, much has been written about privacy and
confidentiality, and about the risks and dangers of sharing. I remember
when the ?semantic web? was beginning to get traction four years ago,
there was an ACLU video that explained the ?dangers? of ?ordering pizza
in the future?. When I had my heart attack and blogged about it, I was
told how career-limiting that would be, how I would become unemployable
as a result. More recently, we?ve had sites like PleaseRobMe, informing
the world at large about empty homes using public signals and status
information, in the hope that people will learn to be more careful
about sharing such information.
It?s not just about the information people share as individuals, we?ve
also had concerns about stuff we make available communally. Take this
site for example: sailwx.info
A site that published the location and movement of ships. Fascinating,
even mesmerising for some. And a godsend to Somalian pirates.
It doesn?t matter who?s telling the story, the moral has been the same.
Sharing creates risk. I want to talk about sharing.
1. Sharing is an inherently vulnerable act
It?s like this blog. Here I share what I think. By sharing what I
think, I make myself vulnerable to you, the reader. And you can choose
to comment constructively or destructively, to provide feedback, to
withhold criticism or even praise. From my perspective, a blog with
comments permanently closed is not a blog. You might as well have a
marriage with a prenuptial agreement. Because what you?re doing is
taking something that is about being vulnerable and trying to remove
the vulnerability from it. Take legal separation. One of the ways that
people define legal separation is by using the phrase a mensa et thoro,
?from bed and board?. Sharing bed and board is a vulnerable thing to
do. You?re at your most defenceless in those contexts.
2. Sharing is a state of mind, a mindset, a culture
I grew up in a Hindu Undivided Family in Calcutta, the eldest of five
siblings. [So I'm a product of a patriarchal, male chauvinist society,
on paper anyway....You wouldn't dare use those words in front of my
paternal grandmother, who passed away recently, in 2006. Patriarchal
society indeed!] The extended family lived under one roof, and we
shared everything. Our time, our interests, even our friends. As a
teenager I would often come home to find that ?friends of mine? had
been there all afternoon, even though I?d been elsewhere. Because the
friends were friends of the family, a shared resource. In such
environments, sharing is in our blood. In the past year, I?ve seen
every sibling, maybe half a dozen cousins, and every time I see them it
feels like Yesterday Once More. This Christmas, a bunch of us are
hoping to meet up in Calcutta, remember times past and have a
rollicking time. You know something? We had rollicking times. Every
day. Yes there were fights, yes everything wasn?t always sweetness and
light, but in the main we?ve stayed very close. Because we were born
that way, raised that way.
3. Sharing is about being in a covenant relationship
I?ve been brought up to believe that there are two types of
relationship, covenant and contract. In a contract relationship, it?s
all about privacy. The contract sets out separate recourse in the event
of breach. The two parties in a contract are inherently separate. As
against this, in a covenant relationship, it?s all about sharing. The
covenant sets out what the people in the covenant do together when
things go wrong. As I?ve said before, in a contract you answer the
question ?Who pays??; in a covenant you answer the question ?How do we
fix this??. Whenever I think about sharing, whenever I think about
being in a covenant relationship, I am reminded of the words spoken by
Ruth to Naomi in the Old Testament:
Don?t urge me to leave you or to turn back from you. Where you go I
will go, and where you stay I will stay. Your people will be my people
and your God my God. Where you die I will die, and there I will be
buried. May the LORD deal with me, be it ever so severely, if anything
but death separates you and me.
Now that?s what I call a covenant.
4. Sharing has its conventions and norms
It isn?t just privacy that comes with conventions and norms; sharing
does that as well. Let?s take an example. In the West, in social
circles, particularly amongst youth, I?ve seen bottles shared, passed
on from hand to hand. And from mouth to mouth. This just wouldn?t
happen in India, where there?s this concept of ?thu?, when something
has been touched by someone?s saliva. So when you passed a bottle from
hand to hand in India, you would drink from the bottle without the
bottle touching your lips or mouth. And this had to be done visibly and
demonstrably. [This practice served me very well when I first had to
drink a yard of ale].
Image taken from Wikimedia Commons and used on a CC-BY-SA-2.5 licence,
attributed, with thanks, to Lee Tucker
5. Sharing needs to be done by design
The cultural conventions about sharing and not-sharing become even more
interesting when it comes to food. In India it was common practice for
me to be walking home from school or university and inviting five or
ten friends to come home with me, joining the family for a meal. That?s
part of what 6/2 Moira Street was about. On any given day, there were a
dozen ?guests? in evidence at home, sometimes more. Friends of the
family, the extended family, neighbours. Some days it was the
Rangaswamis? turn, some days the Kapoors?, some days the Sillimans?.
Different groups congregated on different floors and then meandered
about from floor to floor, from flat to flat, interchanging seamlessly.
And somehow the families coped, food never ran out. Cups of tea and
coffee aplenty, snacks appearing as if by magic. A culture of
hospitality. [Note: in order to protect the innocent all the names have
been retained. You have been warned.]
And then I came to England. People were hospitable here as well, don?t
get me wrong. I was received warmly, very warmly. But there was a
difference, best described by example. Sometime before we got married
(over 25 years ago) one day we were having guests for dinner. On the
way home from work, I got talking to a friend and invited him to join
us. This was before the days of mobile phones. So I turned up at home
with an extra guest. Which was fine, except that dinner that night was
steak. And the number of steaks equalled the number of original guests,
with no spares. Which meant I had to ?make up? a portion for myself by
shaving bits off everyone else?s steak.
You see, I never had to face this in India. Because the dishes were
naturally designed to be shared, to be extensible. You added a little
more rice. Diluted the daal. Chopped a few more vegetables. Made a few
more chapatis.
6. There is such a thing as oversharing
It?s been an interesting time these past years, playing around with
social media. Tools for sharing have grown more sophisticated and more
comprehensive as the concepts of lifestreaming, and of what Clay
Spinuzzi called ambient signalling, have evolved. It?s worth taking a
look at what Nick Felton and gang have been doing, and at the services
that have been spawned as a result, like Daytum.
Particularly when it comes to lifestreaming, there is such a thing as
too much information; if you have the right feedback loops, you will
find out soon enough. Because your signal will turn into noise, and the
people you?re in touch with will tell you to turn the noise down. So
you need to be careful when you share what you?re doing, that you don?t
overload the sharing mechanism. It?s worth reading Danah Boyd?s
writings on this subject: here?s an example.
7. Sharing involves sacrifice
I love the Wikipedia definition of sharing: Sharing is the joint use of
a resource or space. In its narrow sense, it refers to joint or
alternating use of an inherently finite good, such as a common pasture
or a shared residence. Inherently finite. What a nice turn of phrase. I
guess one of the most ?inherently finite? things we come across is
time. Our own time on earth. So we make choices with our time, there is
an opportunity cost in its usage. [Incidentally, that is why, given its
inherent "nonrival good" nature, it makes no sense to hoard information
and ideas. But that's a whole 'nother ball game.]
8. There is accountability in sharing
I?ve always been struck by something Clay Shirky said about wikis, more
particularly about why Wikipedia was successful: I paraphrase it as ?if
you can keep the cost of repair at least as low as the cost of damage,
then good things happen.? Look at what happens with chewing gum and
with graffiti, two things where the cost of damage is lower than the
cost of repair. You see? Not everyone wants to share, there are selfish
people about, and Hardin?s Tragedy of The Commons is a real thing. But
people can be accountable in shared space, and this is something we
need to learn more about and to encourage.
Which brings me to the whole point of this post.
Otherwise known as accountability in a shared space.
Complex global issues: the eradication of poverty, stopping
malnutrition and disease, stabilising climate change, preserving our
environment: these are not going to be solved by individuals acting
alone with walls of intense privacy around them. They can only be
solved by people working together in covenant relationships. They can
only be solved by people making themselves vulnerable, people sharing,
people acting responsibly and accountably.
Lifestreaming is also about democratised collection of data, the
aggregation of minutiae about movement, weather, climate, food,
whatever. In the same way as 17th century ships? captains? logs have
given us insights into climate change, there is a lot we can learn
about what?s happening around us by sifting through the apparently
boring detail of our lives. In his TED talk, David Cameron spoke about
Transparency, Accountability and Choice, and mentioned his intention to
publish personal, average and ?best of breed? details of carbon
footprint, by household, as a means of effecting behavioural change.
Stewardship. It?s a collective thing. More about sharing than about
privacy. We spend a lot of time worrying about privacy.
Time we spent the same amount of time worrying about sharing.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to confused of calcutta using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-28 14:10:38
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intelligent People Have "Unnatural" Preferences And 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Intelligent People
Have "Unnatural" Preferences And Values That Are Novel In Human
Evolutionary History via Psychology / Psychiatry News From Medical News
Today on 2/26/10
Higher intelligence is associated with liberal political ideology,
atheism, and men's (but not women's) preference for sexual exclusivity
More intelligent people are statistically significantly more likely to
exhibit social values and religious and political preferences that are
novel to the human species in evolutionary history...
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Psychology / Psychiatry News From Medical News Today
using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-28 14:54:35
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientists reveal driving force behind evolution 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Scientists reveal driving force
behind evolution via KurzweilAI.net Accelerating Intelligence News on
Scientists at the University of Liverpool have provided the first
experimental evidence that shows that evolution is driven most
powerfully by co-evolutionary interactions with other species, rather
than adaptation to the environment. The team observed viruses as they
evolved over hundreds of generations to infect bacteria. They found
that when the bacteria could evolve defenses, the viruses evolved at a
quicker rate and generated greater diversity, compared to situations
where the bacteria were unable to adapt to the viral infection.
(Source: Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to KurzweilAI.net Accelerating Intelligence News using
Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-28 15:02:22
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] US Manufacturing Is Not Dead 
Excellent evidence for the rise of robotic production...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: US Manufacturing Is Not Dead via
FiveThirtyEight: Politics Done Right by noreply at blogger.com
(Hale "Bonddad" Stewart) on 2/28/10
Today?s economic article at 538 is from me (Hale Stewart) and my
co-blogger at the Bonddad Blog Silver Oz. Over the last few weeks we
have been discussing manufacturing in the US ? or, more specifically,
the argument that the US doesn?t make things anymore largely as a
result of free trade agreements. Unfortunately, the US still makes
plenty of goods. In addition, free trade is not the boogie-man job
killer many purport it to be. As always, please click on all the
pictures to get a larger picture.
There is a common theme across the internet: US manufacturing is dead
and it's never coming back. Well, there's a big problem with that
analysis: it's not true. In fact, as the chart above indicates, it's
actually false. Note that since 1960, the index of industrial
production has risen from a little below 30 to its current level of
about 100. And note the increase is continual -- meaning the number
didn't just hover around 30 for most of that time only to spike up in
one big move. The index has continually risen over that entire period.
This situation is also obvious on a logarithmic chart:
Instead, what people are commenting on is the drop in manufacturing
employment. Consider these two charts.
Durable Goods Employment remained fairly steady at 10 million to 11.5
million employees between the mid-1960s to the early 2000s. Then total
employment dropped like a stone, losing three million people over the
last 10 years. These are levels last seen in 1950.
Non-durable goods manufacturing is even worse. From the mid-1960s to
the early 200s, total employment in this area hovered around a 6.8
million. However, starting in 2000, the number fell off a cliff, losing
almost 2 million people. This is the lowest the number has been in over
60 years.
However, over the last 15 years we've seen an increase in manufacturing
productivity. Consider the following:
Manufacturing Output per hour has increased continually since records
have been kept, as has
Multi-factor productivity.
What does all this information tell us?
US Manufacturing is alive and well. The real issue is manufacturing
employment, which is dropping like a stone. And the reason for the drop
is an increase in productivity.
In addition, SilverOz adds the following:
Many people have a knee-jerk reaction to the decline in manufacturing
jobs and immediately blame outsourcing/imports for this decline. The
following graph demonstrates that the linkage between increased imports
and a decline in manufacturing jobs is virtually nonexistent.
What we clearly see is that imports increased quite dramatically over
the last 30 years, while good producing jobs remained fairly level
(dipping during recession and then recovering) until this last
recession, which took a huge toll on manufacturing employment even
though imports actually declined. This again plays much better to the
argument that productivity increases are the greatest contributor to
our decline in manufacturing employment than the outsourcing/imports
And the following is from co-blogger SilverOz:
A recent debate elsewhere interested me enough to do some research on
the effects trade has on goods producing employment in the US. Now, I
want to state upfront that this is a look at the aggregate and that
there are obviously anecdotal cases of individual companies/plants
moving to overseas locations for competitive reasons, however, I want
to separate the publicized and emotional loss of individual plants from
the broad case that free trade is a job killer.
As we all know, the trade deficit has ballooned in recent decades as is
evidenced by the following graph (all graphs are thumbnails due to the
quantity in this piece):
We can clearly see that really beginning for good at the end of the
1991 recession the trade balance went down dramatically, with the only
sustained recoveries occurring during recessions. So, let's look at how
goods producing employees have been affected by this trade deficit by
The trade deficit really got its start during the early 80's recessions
when high interest rates by the Fed created a strong dollar really hurt
exports causing their nominal dollar value to flat line from 1981
through 1986 before they took off again in 1987. The following graph
shows goods employment vs. the trade deficit for the 80s:
This graph shows no link between the increasing trade deficit and goods
employment in the 80s with goods employment rebounding even while the
deficit grew following the end of the 81 recession.
Next up are the 90s; the decade of grunge, the stock market bubble, and
NAFTA. One would expect to see massive declines in goods employment
following the implementation of NAFTA and a ballooning trade deficit
towards the end of the decade, but as you can see by the following
graph the opposite actually occurred. Following goods jobs reaching
their post-recession trough (the first jobless recovery) in late 1992,
the exploded up 10% from that bottom at the same time that the trade
deficit went from essentially -$18 billion to over -$90 billion.
Now let us move on to our most recent decade; where trade with China
exploded, we endured two recessions (both with jobless recoveries), and
an enormous increase in national debt. AS you can see from the
following graph, the goods employment trough didn't occur until about 2
years after the first recession ended, which also coincided with a huge
increase in the trade deficit, yet once again goods jobs held their own
during the massive trade imbalance.
Then, during the most recent recession, goods jobs dropped like a rock
(down nearly 20% from the pre-recession peak) and yet the trade deficit
actually decreased (and yes, oil was a part of this, but it has also
been a big part of our trade deficit all along.
So then, what does can account for our decline in goods employment over
recent years, especially over the last decade where it really dropped
off a cliff? The most simple answer seems to be that our productivity
has reached a point where it can outstrip production demands, which
leads to a decline in the labor intensity needed for goods production.
Let's examine this a bit further. From the end of the 1990 recession to
the pre-2001 recession peaks productivity was up about 47%, industrial
production was up about 61%, and goods employment was up about 9.3% (I
used the end of 1990 recession value and not the trough in actual goods
employment here). So during the 90s, production outstripped
productivity (although both were up a ton), while job creation came in
at only +9.3%, obviously lagging. However, from their 2001 recession
troughs (again using the end of the recession for jobs), productivity
was up about 25%, industrial production was up about 15%, and jobs
declined by about 4.3%. This graph demonstrates that when productivity
outstrips production goods jobs decline, but that even when production
outstrips productivity job growth can be anemic so long as the
productivity growth is still substantial. The current recession is
showcasing productivity's effects on jobs very well, as while
production has dropped about 13% during this recession, productivity is
actually up over 5%, and industrial production is now at it's 2002
levels, but with roughly 20% fewer workers making those goods.
In conclusion, the data appear to show that the real factor in goods
job creation (or loss) is the relationship between productivity and
production, which unfortunately leaves little room for protectionism
(even sans the trade war implications that would create), as unless
productivity falls precipitously we would see no net job creation from
any such endeavor.
And just so we don't define this as a US problem, I will direct you to
a conference board study that highlights China's loss of manufacturing
jobs to productivity too.
Here are some general conclusions.
1.) The US still manufactures goods. In fact, the US still manufactures
plenty of goods. Take a look at the types of exports in the latest
trade data from the Census. It includes exports of industrial supplies,
capital goods, autos and consumer goods.
2.) While outsourcing does happen -- that is, companies do go overseas
to open new factories at the expense of US employees -- it is not the
primary cause of manufacturing job losses.
3.) Going back to the recent post on employment remember that in this
recession the unemployment rate of specific groups was heavily
influenced by education level. In fact, according to the BLS, higher
education levels (college graduates and above) were remarkably
untouched in the latest recession while lower education levels (high
school graduates, high school with some secondary education) had higher
rates of unemployment. Lower levels of education are typically
associated with manufacturing and construction employment -- the two
areas of jobs that account for the largest percentage of job losses in
this recession.
US manufacturing would be greatly helped by two developments.
First, China needs to float its currency. A country that has 10% GDP
growth but little currency appreciation is obviously manipulating its
currency's value to a high degree. Given China's growth rate, investors
should be flocking to China driving up the yuan's value. That is not
happening. A real free-floating currency would cure a lot of the trade
deficit problems.
Secondly, there have been calls for a US industrial policy -- that is,
for Washington to essentially "pick winners and losers" by promoting
some industries that they feel have a high probability of success.
Asian countries have been doing this for years with remarkable success
and it is a policy which we clearly need to copy. I'm a big promoter of
nano-technology, alternative energy and stem cell research, but those
are just my choices. There are plenty others out there that would also
make sense.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to FiveThirtyEight: Politics Done Right using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-01 10:02:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Jimmy Wales against on-line culture of violence 
I agree with most of Andy's post, and I think these are critical issues.
They also permeate through societies, especially small and local ones where
"blackballing" and other means of censorship are regularly applied.  Nearly
all small social groups apply heavy handed norming to appearance, culture,
ways of being, etc.
There is basically one high level bifurcation.  The split is between those
who believe the individual is best protected and those who believe the
society is best protected.  There are ills associated with both approaches.
Invariably, stable systems combine some combination.  At present, most of
the world leans toward social protection (e.g. China, Japan, much of
post-modern Europe).  Some leans toward individual protection (U.S., UK,
France, Australia).   Very wealthy and very poor countries both tend toward
social protection strategies.  Normally wealthy ones tend toward the
Once a path is chosen, there is a path-dependency of moral and political
reasoning that occurs until some sea change in the basic worldview.  n that
sense, history matters.  Sea changes tend to be rare...following
catastrophic government failures, for instance.  People who find themselves
in a system where they are basically at odds with the main local tenets are
particularly at risk.  This is particularly true at local levels.  In an
individualistic system, someone who is oriented toward social protections
will find their threats coming from iconoclasts or similar disruptive
influences.  In a social system, the individual will feel constrained and
channeled toward losses of liberty and self-expression.  Chinese newly
arrived in the US worry intensely about crime.  Americans in China fear the
heavy hand of the state.
To my mind the best solution is relatively freedom of movement.  Most
nations now allow relatively liberal internal resettlement so that people
can find their own local balances.  This then pushes problems to a national
level where consensus and national norms are difficult.  Consequently, most
large systems that were predicated on some sort of cultural or military
empire find stability and consistency to be their biggest issues (India,
Canada, Brazil, Russia, the US).  What one tends to see in those places is
an emphasis on cultural hegemony.  People must adhere to a way of being that
is very normative, complex and difficult to fully explain, but that is yet
pervasive and identity defining.  I find Canadians abroad to be intensely
interested in "Canadianness" far more than even Americans.  Australians are
similar.  Their national traits are heightened by being outside their
normative structures.  This is not true of Norwegians, Austrians or
Pakistanis.  Those more social and protective cultures tend to shed
individualists who seek external affiliations...not core orthodox members.

@_date: 2010-01-01 10:44:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Special Issue on Citizen's Media 
The irony on cost here is an old rant of mine.  Irony in the extreme.
Reminds me of the George Siemens article I recently sent out.  Goodness but
universities are a disappointment when it comes to openness.

@_date: 2010-01-01 21:28:48
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thomas Jefferson Decided The Hemp Brake Was Too 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Thomas Jefferson Decided The
Hemp Brake Was Too Important To Patent via Techdirt by Mike Masnick on
We've had plenty of discussions about Thomas Jefferson's views on the
patent system. He is, clearly, the father of the patent system in the
US. While he was incredibly skeptical of the idea of granting any
monopolies originally, he did come around to accept patents in very
limited circumstances, and when he oversaw the patent system, he was
careful to make sure that the downsides of such monopolies were
limited. Separately, for many years, I've heard the story of how Ben
Franklin purposely decided not to patent his stove invention,
stating: "As we enjoy great advantages from the inventions of others,
we should be glad of an opportunity to serve others by any invention of
ours; and this we should do freely and generously." However, I had not
heard of a similar story involving Thomas Jefferson refusing to patent
certain inventions he came up with as well. Reader jprlk points us to a
recent Straight Dope column, which is mostly about George Washington
and Thomas Jefferson's exposure to marijuana, but there is one
interesting part about how Jefferson refused to patent his "hemp brake"
patent, because he found the invention to be "too important": Jefferson
invented a better "hemp brake" to separate the fibers from the stalks,
something he thought was so important agriculturally that he refused to
patent it. Combined with the Franklin quote, this is quite telling. In
both cases, they realized that the invention could be a lot more useful
if it were not limited. This goes against claims by patent supporters
that (1) an invention is not a "real invention" if it's not patented
and (2) the patent system is necessary for better dissemination of
ideas. It's nice to see (yet again) that Thomas Jefferson, despite
overseeing the early years of our patent system, clearly was quite
skeptical of the actual benefits of such a system.
Permalink | Comments | Email This Story
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Techdirt using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-02 14:40:02
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
Hi Michel,
Two things are true about me.  First is that I think socialism is inherently
a failed system.  Second, I think the Nordic countries have dealt with the
inherent failures in such a way (mostly through cultural norming) as to make
the very real failings of socialism work better than almost any other
conceivable system.  So yes, there is a paradox in my arguments.  Whether
the paradox is a contradiction is a matter for others to judge.
I do feel the Nordic countries (a term that includes Sweden, Finland,
Iceland, Norway and Denmark for me...) have invented a superior way of life.
But they have invested intensively in education, cultural norming, etc. in a
way that I suspect is unrealistic for most places/nations.  Also, their
history of poverty before WW2 (and almost all these countries were very
poor) made them much more open to collective action.
I find most socialist revolutions (e.g. Cuba, 1917, Venezuela, etc.) to be
among the most heinous crimes committed against humans...even if the
intended social outcomes are very similar to what has come about in, say,
So I suppose I place very high value on collaboration and consensus and very
high negative judgments on coercion.
Both of these are American traits I'd say.  I feel, at my core, that I am an
American.  I sympathize with our history (though I recognize the many huge
past and present failings).  I feel the US has been a morally superior great
nation to others and that part of our moral superiority rests on a
commitment to greater liberties than socialism tends to allow.  I feel that
moral superiority has been in serious doubt...especially since Ronald
Reagan, when several US ideals were simply taken too far. It has happened
before and the nation has recovered.  Right now, the principle moral
failings relate to too little collective action and too much greed.  There
are other issues such as racial prejudice that matter, but the real issues
now relate to radical acceptance of excessive earning and consumption.  Few
Americans (maybe 30%) share this view.
Almost all Americans hate socialism and especially coercive Communism which
was our opponent in war for much of my early life...and which is probably
equivalent in the American ethos to fascism in the modern European ethos.
Americans felt abandoned and burdened by Europe during the Cold War...there
was, whether fairly or not, a sense the Europeans were enjoying a vibrant
and subsidized life by playing the US and the Soviets off one another.
European socialism is sometimes seen as a form of surrender to the Soviet
ideals of the past.  This is a burden of history...one that is mostly
inaccurate in Sweden, but maybe truer in Romania or Italy.   So, I think I
carry the burden of an America that raised me in the Cold War...a war that
was far less real for Europeans even though they lived in the prospective
theater of operations.  In a sense, America bore the intellectual and social
cost of competing with the Soviets.  Consequently, we view socialism as an
evil...implicitly.  That conservative view pervades America--even our left.
It will for some time.  However, we relish innovation--much more I'd say
than Europeans, in general, and therefore like to try new approaches, new
modes, new ideals...so long as they aren't old rejected ideals.  Maybe
something here begins to explain my contradictions.

@_date: 2010-01-02 15:05:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Top 15 Shareable Books 
Depending on how you'd interpret it, I'd say the explosion of Twitter and
Facebook are the two most important P2P events ever.  Both effectively took
off this year.

@_date: 2010-01-02 15:25:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Open Source not anti-capitalist but 
For an American...this whole obsession with anti-capitalism or a-capitalism
is very old school socialist and off-putting. I think this stuff sells
really well amongst university elites in Europe.  In the US it just sounds
This may be a point of marketing.  The European green movement identifies
with 1968 and a hippie socialism that didn't take off.  Castells brilliantly
reflects that European ethos.  In America, it doesn't even get you a
third-rate newspaper's editorial page.  The stuff that is taken seriously in
Le Monde or even the Guardian almost daily is totally absurd in the NY Times
or even the SF Chronicle.
Mostly this leads to both sides thinking the other is naive and foolish.
The giant European intellectuals a la Foucault come to the US and get, at
best, a small academic cult following; whereas they are rock stars at home
who lead protests and who regularly are allocated huge ink space in leading
newspapers or TV shows.  Meanwhile, serious US thinkers (often in business
or nonprofits) are dismissed in Europe as commercial.
I think this dichotomy hurts the general movement (of P2P and others).  I
have proposed to people who have asked me for blog topics that reconciling
Europe to America is the great uncovered topic...but there are no takers.  I
think both hold each other too much in contempt for any real progress.
Just today I heard one child dis another with the taunt of "euro-fag..."
meaning someone who holds to naive and idealistic views.  The (predictable)
counter epithet was "fascist."  So it goes. Having spent an evening recently
with a British woman who regaled me with the idea that all the current great
writers of English are British and that only the British make "reasonable"
Hollywood films...I am perhaps a bit agitated on the topic.
It gets tedious to be the people who are always willingly welcoming the
British invasions "whilst" still being the people who are constantly treated
like a 2nd world country by the moochers.  So it goes.

@_date: 2010-01-02 16:06:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Top 15 Shareable Books 
Wikipedia is not distributed, but we regularly describe it as P2P.  While I
agree open source and free technologies are allied, personally I don't think
they are essential to P2P.  If they are, then free/open source and P2P are
essentially synonymous except for the distributed part...which is
comparatively a rare trait.  One can't even claim the pirate sites were
truly distributed.
I think Peer to Peer is exactly what is says...from a peer to a peer.  To
me, that is the revolution of Twitter and Facebook.  Whether or not someone
can copy it or whether someone else profits by it are moral issues, but
irrelevant to the idea of peer to peer.
I am a great support of both libre and open software, but those limits are
completely separate from the P2P definitions.

@_date: 2010-01-03 08:48:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
Yes, this is a problem.  On the other hand, those who reinvent themselves,
as you have, and I like to think I have, do have a renewed possibility of
being something different than our roots.  I cannot divorce myself from the
US, though I have sometimes considered it.  It is more something upon
reflection that I recognize is fairly fundamental in me.  All the words like
patriot etc. that the US right has tried to manipulate in rather frightening
ways still resonate with me.
There is no one without blood on their hands.  Reforming modern democracies
to my mind does not release Japan, Belgium, Spain, the UK or France from
their pasts any more than it does Germany,   The US carries the specter of
all the crimes you describe plus others...horrific immigration practices,
tragic interventionist policies, etc.  On the other hand, I think few modern
nations have matched the US in attempting to make serious amends for its
ills.  With regard to colonialism, we are I think sensitive to Europe's
seeming idea that they contributed to their colonial empires and that
independence was a "gift" that has been often squandered.  I think Europe
needs a massive soul searching about colonialism...
You are right that much of modern America is fictional, but so too is much
of our evil past.  Many of the colonies tossed off slavery long before
England did.  While Indians were slaughtered, the numbers were probably less
than those killed in Australia or South Africa or the Congo.  Most died of
disease.  Sometimes the spread of disease was intentional, but
overwhelmingly not.  The entire Sioux nation at its peak was probably
10,000.  There are many more now all of whom have passports (the UK never
did offer Hong Kong residents one nor did the French offer them in Africa).
Slavery was a crisis, but what other nation has ever gone to war with itself
over the freedom of a subject people or debated the issue in its halls of
government regularly?  What nation in the 19th century changed its
constitution to protect a subject people?  While we did have a civil rights
crisis, we also had a Martin Luther King and now many venerate him.  Will
the French or Germans have a Muslim MLK?  Did the Russians ever have a
moment of justice for any of their colonies?  The Chinese?  The Indians?  No
nation has built more national parks, set aside more lands for preservation
or led in these ways.
I would prefer myself to live under a social democracy, but I also recognize
there is no one best way.  America has worked in its own way and those who
see it as an ideal are not simply wrong...markets and liberty do work...they
have externalities just as social democracies do.  Value judgments,
especially those made after long path dependent histories, are difficult if
not impossible to make. Nations make a journey just as people do.  Moral
judgment about these paths in terms of outcomes is very problematic.
I hate the loss of choice.  I hate hegemony of one mind over another.  But I
also hate ignorance and parochialism.  Honestly, I do not have a view on
Venezuela.  I think the European left is enamored. I think the US right is
hate-filled on the subject.  I fall somewhere toward the US
right...admittedly not a very sturdy moral place to be.
Michel, you do a great service.  I think you have fostered a diversity of
views while not sugar-coating excessively your own identity.  Few achieve
that.  I do not disagree on your preferences which I would share.
I suppose the rub is in process.  How does one achieve these ends from
different starting points without brutishness. I believe education and
reasoning take most people to reasonable social democracy.  Perhaps that is
just a long war.  Will Islamic nations get there?  Iran is very hopeful at
the moment.  Its blood fills Americans with hope.  Our Thomas Jefferson said
the tree of liberty is fertilized by the occasional blood of revolution.
His words were better and I should look them up.  Hopefully we are advancing
beyond blood.
The older I get, the more I realize that any useful discussion is
contentious--along lines Andy is advancing.  At the same time, for me, it
must be civil.  Civil and contentious...that's what I'd wish for any social

@_date: 2010-01-03 09:04:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Top 15 Shareable Books 
I am in agreement with Neal (and take the opportunity to say his publication
is excellent).  I am not in disagreement with Franco.  I think you could
have one article with a caveat attached that notes the benefits of systems
like Kiva, Twitter and Facebook inviting the readers to weigh in.  I
appreciate my view is heterodox (it isn't the first time) but I think we
should respect the ideas of free and open as equal to P2P in importance.
Partial contributions are just that...partial. They are worth noting, but
may ultimately prove distracting and dilutive to our purpose.

@_date: 2010-01-03 09:15:04
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Open Source not anti-capitalist but 
I agree with the tenor and general sentiments of what you right.  I do find
your opinion of US media to be inaccurate.  To me, the European media is
monotone and lacking in diversity--the much needed reforms of the major
London newspapers notwithstanding.
In the US we have a range of publications from the Nation to the Wall Street
Journal that really offer a diverse set of views.  Every American
intellectual knows that Harpers, Mother Jones and the Nation are far left,
and WSJ, National Review and major southern newspapers are right wing.
My own view is that Europeans simply don't like the general majority tone.
The US is to the right of Europe.  That doesn't make it worse.  It makes it
different.  But Americans hear a tone from Europeans that is much like, I
suspect, the tone Belgians hear from the French.  Almost a dismissal.
On the other hand, Americans love being underdogs and have a consistent
persecution complex regardless of their background...we always invoke our
weaknesses to show we are real...e.g. the Kennedy's with being "Irish."
They are about as Irish as I am.

@_date: 2010-01-03 11:06:15
@_author: rlanham1963@gmail.com 
@_subject: [p2p-research] rlanham1963@gmail.com has shared: What Makes a 
wanted to share this with you:
What Makes a Nation Rich? One Economist's Big Answer

@_date: 2010-01-03 16:33:51
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free flipper! argues scientist 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Free flipper! argues scientist
via Science on 1/3/10
Dolphins should be treated as "non-human persons" and merit special
rights above other animals because they are so bright, scientists claim.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Science using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-03 14:16:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free flipper! argues scientist 
I agree; though I disagreed with Deep Environmentalists who started this
line of reasoning some years ago.  It caused me to move my PhD out of
Science and Technology Studies at Virginia Tech because I thought all the
faculty were literally nuts.  They weren't of course.  Well, not because of
animal rights, anyway.
It does beg the question on robots.  What would it take for someone to
accept one as a peer?

@_date: 2010-01-03 17:57:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free flipper! argues scientist 
The issue has been dealt with some, but not very well.  Here is Wired on the
topic:  There are the three laws of robots from Isaac Asimov...robots should obey,
not hurt each other and not hurt humans...
You are right of course that we tend to abuse our power; my own fear is that
is the very reason why we will have problems with robots.
Power plays a key role.  We are very used to being dominant.  It is only in
old age or extreme illness we become dependent--and generally it isn't much
liked.  I think it would be interesting to pose the question of robot rights
to the severely disabled...especially the physically disabled.
Colonialism to P2P is a spectrum on which these issues fall.  An essential
element of P2P we often ignore is mutual respect.  But what does that
entail?  Rights?  At least according to the U.S. political philosophical
roots, rights are not granted; they are recognized.  When would people
protect machines' rights?
People protect animals...there are shelters.  What would a shelter for
machines look like?  It is easy to imagine at a certain point, but what is
hard to imagine is a threshold.  I don't want to see a lizard abused.  I'd
offer it shelter as would many.  That's sort of low standard of emotion and
interchange.  I know it knows pain, I suppose.  Pain is useful in an
evolutionary sense, so I'm sure robots would get it reasonably quickly.
Their tolerances would of course be set higher.  But maybe a mosquito feels
pain and I would not offer it shelter, nor a small fish.
Soon (probably this year) sythesized life will be created.  Similar issues
will start to apply.  What if we could build (through synthetic biology)
life forms as sophisticated as a lizard.  Would these be held to different
standards of what it is to be living?  The same questions could arise when
people are augmented by machines.  Let's say 30% of a brain could be
replaced by a computer.  Would we hold that to be an individual.  One thinks
of Stephen Hawking...clearly human...but how do we know?  Imagine his speech
synthesizer saying Hawking like things without the mangled body attached.
There are interesting questions of threshold.

@_date: 2010-01-04 08:18:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free flipper! argues scientist 
I agree for now it is science fiction, but we do not know when it is not
science fiction until we establish thresholds.  As contested as borders and
boundaries are, I would think our theorists would spend most of their time
defining them or arguing they are irrelevant.  The boundaries of peer will
be, I'd guess, increasingly relevant.
My son plays World of Warcraft now and has disdain for computer generated
characters versus human-backed ones.  Why?  I don't know.  I assume it is
prowess.  There is something odd and interested in games where people play
each other versus a machine.  If I couldn't tell, I wonder how I would
Interesting point on monotheism.  Clearly monotheism had important
historical effects.  But I would argue that P2P is necessarily atheistic.
Polytheist systems are sort of like my Twitter as P2P...partial but not
sufficient.  The reason P2P systems must be atheistic is that the
introduction of the spiritual destroys any real prospect for individual to
individual communication devoid of external participation.  I think it also
destroys the moral impetus for mutual respect as a necessary element for
authentic P2P.  Rather, it creates external elements that force or cause the
ethos to manifest.
It was Max Weber who most closely tied capitalism to christianity.  I think
his arguments were a bit off, but your commented reminded me of his
(different) line of reasoning.  It was probably the case that proscriptions
against usury probably severely retarded Christian and Muslim commerce for
centuries and greatly prolonged the period of relatively minor innovation
and dissemination of information.  I strongly suspect that the relatively
high intellectual success rate of Jews in various societies comes from their
being outsiders forced to cope without social safety nets rather than their
I read where there is a great resurgeance of faith in India...particularly
amongst Hindus.  I'm not sure what this means, but I read at least one tract
that said it was comparable to US conservative religious revival during a
time of economic expansion.
I follow the discussions of atheism and science rather closely.  Most senior
scientists (indeed most scientists) are a-religious though of course not all
are.  When innovation does not require much science, I think it is highly
compatible with faith.  In times like the present where one must have a
relatively fact-based perception of reality to make much scientific
progress, I'd guess it is much harder to reconcile faith and
innovation.  Interestingly, I think physicians tend to be more spiritual.
I particularly like the point about the Japanese family and the robotic
dog.  That is/would make great sociology.  Just a few data points like that
I'm sure would be a very good article.
I am told that robot war (with predators and such) is very close.  That is
another facet.  One wonders about destroying machines versus destroying
humans.  Strangely, (reverting to SF), in something like Star Wars the film
makers see little emotion in killing their highly sophisticated robots, nor
do they suggest robots have "the force."  This always struck me as very
1980s.  Maybe not though.

@_date: 2010-01-04 08:39:37
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
Thanks to all for the fair treatment.
I hear this a lot and say it myself, but I am not sure we know what it means
wholly.  I have pressed before for definitions, boundaries and examples.  Is
Bolivia closer or is Ethiopia?  Why?
The best I have seen so far was that list of a while ago stating the sorts
of enterprises one would see in a P2P city.  It named a number of specific
enterprises from Berlin or San Francisco or someplace.  That gave me real
hope.  Part of my capitalist overhang is a desire for management by
objective.  Further, one of my great worries about P2P is the absence of non
amoeba-like progress.
I believe in polyarchy--maybe that is most of what we mean by "civil
society".  States with civil societies with private sectors with many
different local and federal governance strategies.  We need global action
sometimes (e.g. on climate) and local action most times.  We need organs
inbetween.  I wonder if we can envision a system that is equally capitalist,
socialist and P2P?  Could such an overlay exist?  What would it look like?

@_date: 2010-01-04 11:34:02
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free flipper! argues scientist 
Hi Michel,
I would find it hard to believe the future is less atheistic, but I
recognize the many times I have been sweepingly and elegantly wrong in
totality many times before.  I tend to think we are at the dawn of a new age
of education and learning where machine learning and brains start to get
very close...but you would be right and fair to reprimand that as still a
While a Shinto-like animism is not completely unreasonable to me, I see no
reason for it.  I veneration and humility are point, I am in.  I venerate
nature and am humbled by it.  But the sort of Nietzchean portrait of atheism
you are painting feels unjust for history and the current reality.  Maybe
the Soviets and Chinese present such a stark version of the
anti-metaphysical, but I don't think it is representative.
I am unclear on subject/object distinction, but I strongly suspect you
are hinting at the interaction of all things and the necesary connectedness
of the physical and the living.  I agree with all that...extensively.  I see
no need of metaphysics to so agree.
Occam's razor erases most metaphysics for me.  I just don't see the point.
If others do, I am not opposed.  For me, there is none.  I would hate to be
excluded (or see machines excluded) because of an unwillingness to profess a
metaphysical position.  I don't suggest you are placing such a requirement
on P2P.
But the ethos itself, much like govenment, I think should be silent on the
metaphysical.   Interconnectedness is mystical in some ways.  I can
appreciate the desire of many to acknowledge that.  It is doing so in such a
way that is not exclusive that become hard.

@_date: 2010-01-05 08:45:44
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
Hi Sepp,
I agree with your assessment in the long term.  I have trouble envisioning
transitions.  I say what you said in several ways:
1. Corporate profits are harder to come by.
2. Because of (1) the credit economy is not working.
3. Over 40% of US profits are earned by investment banks or large
banks...not sustainable.
4. Worker satisfaction in the US is at all-time lows--only 45% of employees
are satisfied with their work.
5. Most of the developed world (though not so much the US) is entering an
acute but prolonged demographic crisis.  Europe and Japan are particularly
at risk here.  Fertility rates in Germany are now below 1.3 ... that is a
society ending number in two generations.  US population will be 3x that of
Russia by 2050...a remarkable number for us old Cold Warriors.
6. Africa, India, China and much of South/Central America are becoming
middle class.
7. Technology innovation is clearly accelerating.
Those are points where I start.  I then set 2020, 2030, 2040, 2050 out on a
piece of paper and try to come to some paths or conclusions that seem to
lead to the world you describe (which I agree is a plausible and desirable
outcome).  I just don't get very far.

@_date: 2010-01-05 08:52:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
I would simply add that what is missing is a new general definition of
individual and national wealth.  GDP is flawed.  Nations don't get rich by
producing investment banking.  Some people do.  Stuff matters.  Yet we are
entering an age of abundance of capacity for stuff...so that form of wealth
is dying...this is what I hear when Michel says capitalism is dying (which I
agree with...longer term.)
P2P needs to redefine wealth.

@_date: 2010-01-05 10:03:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
I think capitalism is "dying" right now.  When will it be dead?  I suspect
never.  Money, banking and credit will be with us for a long time.  Rome
never really died...nor did Feudalism.  Elements carry on.  Capitalism will
be the same.  It is a matter of recognizable influence and dominion.  So I
see no great boundary event.  It may be the recent economic crisis was it.
If you had told me the US stock market would end 2009 where it began in
2000, I would have said such an outcome meant catastrophe.  But it didn't
mean catastrophe.  So I am perhaps not yet as skilled at prediction as I
wish.  Change happens sometimes in a way that is quite hard to discern.
Still, as I have previously noted, I expect technology in life extension,
robotics and AI to deeply influence the human condition to something else
within 40 years...perhaps within 10.  This is part transhumanist fantasy and
part rational expectation.  I am too close to it now to be able to separate
the two in myself.
Regardless, I don't expect the current work situation to extend to the
normal lifespans of my children who are 8 and 12.  Work is about to change
dramatically...I'd guess within 15 years.  The end of the baby boom,
demographic crises, etc. are all drivers.  So too is climate change.
I fear the developed world has come to the conclusion that climate change
action is too costly and risky to be justified even though nearly all
reasonable and informed persons recognize the toll will be
dramatic...possibly even species changing for us.  My worst fears are
basically playing out.  I just see no interest in the US or China to act.
That is almost half the problem.  Europe cannot do it on its own...and even
Europe is barely acting.
That means we are in a world of climate crisis, demographic crisis, and work
crisis.  Honestly it doesn't look good.  I try very hard not to be
dystopian, but without a technical solution set that acts as a sea/game
changer, I simply don't share the optimism of most on this list about a
friendlier, sharing world of harmony.
I come here in part out of a search for something to hope for.  Paul
Fernhout's abundance ideas, which are heavily influenced by Paul
Romer--someone I now take to be one of the lasting intellectuals of our
times (along with Ray Kurzweil), (and which struck me as nearly insane the
first 200 times I read it) ultimately impressed me to rethink a lot of
things.  Small currencies have had a similar impact on me earlier.  I look
for those models I think can be meaningful.  I'm not sure if P2P is an
ethos, a set of tools, something that is blurring into other things, etc.
But if a "p2p world" arises, I suspect it will be based on highly empowered
and connected individuals globally working in a world where stuff-production
capacity makes industrial capitalism effectively obsolete.  I think we are
close to that right now...not more than 20 years away...at most.
The problems associated with this massive change are fascinating to me.  I
am astonished how asleep most of the world is when the facts are relatively
plain.  I first heard Kurzweil utter something very like that a few years
ago.  It struck me as arrogant in the extreme--like he could see something
the rest of us couldn't.  Now I somehow have a much clearer understanding
what he was saying.  Maybe I've picked up his neurosis or maybe I've gotten
a bit smarter.  Hard to say.  It isn't brilliance, it is simply hard work at
trying to extrapolate trends and to see boundary events.  To my mind, that
is the most important work social scientists could possibly do.

@_date: 2010-01-06 08:18:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free flipper! argues scientist 
There is nothing you write that I disagree with at all.  I think we are
saying the same thing.
You will see atheists attack quackery quite hard, but I don't think the
intent is to objectify everything.  I think the intent is to reduce the
seemingly overwhelming human tendancy to interject the fantastic into causal
functionality in the world.
Zen writings, etc. are no different to me than the allusions and imagery of
poetry unless someone starts praying to Buddha or trying to ask Ganesha to
have an intervention in their cancer.  Atheists tend to find that
counter-productive for the human condition.  Of course it is a big category
now and significant variances apply.
To me, the a- prefix on atheist does not so much mean against as it does
"without."  a-moral...without morality.  a-theism...without gods.
When I say that P2P must be a-theist--I mean it must be without theism in
its core ethos.  No one can be a a-theistic Christian or an
a-theistic Mormon.  I agree there is some debate on Buddhism...I know
several people who profess a Buddhism (or for that matter Shinto-ism or
Wickenism) that is a-theist...whether that is legitimate is far afield from
anything I stake as my area of legitimate knowledge.  I simply have seen the
claim before.
In the future, I think ethics will continue to develop without gods, and P2P
will be a core element of the political/social/economic portion of that
discussion.  Much of this comes from P2P's anti-institutionalism and the
fact that institutions exist to transfer memes through time.

@_date: 2010-01-06 08:30:27
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Millions of Health Freedom Fighters - Newsletter 
The problem of legitimacy is always going to haunt P2P.  One of the core
elements of institutions is legitimacy granting.  Think about PhDs...it
isn't a knowledge.  It isn't a skill...it is a grant of legitimacy.
Institutions do it.  Individuals cannot.  It is the institution of Wikipedia
which has justifiably gained legitimacy for being factual.  Many attempted
to undermine it (I'm sure some still do).  It is a threat because all knew
legitimate knowledge sources are threats to existing institutions which
command their taxes and fees by reinforcing their own legitimacy.

@_date: 2010-01-06 08:35:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: agile-banking list posts - "open wallet" 
Very cool...if this took off, it could be a big deal...I could see it as
very complementary to many existing social network tools both public and

@_date: 2010-01-06 16:18:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free flipper! argues scientist 
I think the further messages  in the stream clarified this.  I don't think
it was anti-atheist.
There can be a number of views of continuity--molecularly, we are all just
clouds interacting at some level.  I think it is possible to marvel, as many
physicists do, that material in us must have been made in a supernova...as
nature has no way of formulating heavy elements without that sort of
energy.  To acknowledge that, celebrate it, and even be moved to spiritual
feelings by it is not unreasonable.  In a sense, there is oneness with the
universe in that regard.
Further, we can have allusions, points of wonder and cultural expressions of
marvel without giving in to old-styled metaphysics.
I don't see the distinction you're making between "religious belief" and
"spiritual experiences". Presumably, religious belief is a subset of
spiritual experiences, where spiritual experiences are any experiences
involving some sort of extra-natural majick-y phenomena.
? Not at all.  See above.
It seems to me that I am one of these atheists that you are
"critiquing". I certainly do not see irrational, evidence-agnostic "life
systems" like most New Age or imported Eastern beliefs as a part of
"human experience" that is to be desired. I certainly have my own
reasons for my opinions, as you do for yours, but I don't see how my
opinions are in any way misaligned with the desire for a peer-to-peer
society. It seems to me that you're implying this; is this indeed the
case? If so, why?
I really think it was clarified that Michel was not attacking atheists.  I
think he was critiquing the idea that people can be so "rational" as to be
closed off to a range of experiences and worldviews that rely on the
spiritual elements of cultures, feelings and anything that causes us to
approach the world with an ethic that is not purely mechanistic.  This
builds on a long discussion involving humanness and the advances (possible)
of robots.  I believe it is partially searching for ground that makes our
experiences and feelings distinct from the purely objective/mechanical.  It
was, I am convinced, not meant as insulting to atheists in the way, say, a
Christian is when they want to bar you from voting or something.

@_date: 2010-01-06 16:35:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] how the policies of bolivie (and venezuela) are 
Things in Bolivia are no doubt improving.  It is a natural resource story.
I am happy they are redistributing a large part of the wealth.  Maybe Angola
will follow their lead.
With regard to Venezuela, the picture is pretty weak to bleak:
I must admit it is not as bad as I thought, but in conventional economic
terms, Venezuela is very week and real consumption and growth across the
economy (and these are fair measures) has been very flat and/or declining.
The good news is that unemployment is down sharply.  Inflation is growing
fast and production is falling.  It is starting to look like a planned
economy...stable employment, bad response to allocation and pricing.

@_date: 2010-01-06 16:49:01
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Doors of Perception: January 2010 - Line 
I can muddle through reading French.  Please never ask me to speak it...it
would be bad for both of us.

@_date: 2010-01-07 08:08:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Business Audit 
Seems a natural to me.  Peer auditing occurs in the civil society sector now
and with accreditation at universities.  It seems to me that accreditation
reviews...which are well documented, public and easily matched, would be the
right model.  You'd earn the xxx accredited P2P organization emblem.  It
should be combined with open systems accreditation, free software
accreditation, etc.  In essence, these are badges on your door showing a
commitment level as judged by peers...exactly how university accreditation

@_date: 2010-01-07 08:13:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open world maker funding 
I have had similar ideas for governments.  This is a very powerful concept.
It matches the best ideas of the libertarian/market initiative front with
the cash and development needs of governments.
If you think about it, the US land grant college system was built on a
similar model...but this is a private market approach which makes it
different.  I would think organizations like churches, etc. would be all
over this.  What I'd want to be sure of is that the governments and/or
organizations making the grants are offering guarantees about support and
legal protection.  Very cool.

@_date: 2010-01-07 08:43:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Persistent Fall in Profitability and Debt 
Profits are usually reported  by Industry.  So you'd have to look at Oil
versus Banking versus Automotive etc.  I think the issue isn't so much that
profits are falling (yet) that it is that sector rotation is favoring
imaginary businesses (e.g. investment banking).  Nations don't get rich by
having Goldman Sachs.  They get rich by having General Electric.

@_date: 2010-01-08 00:33:18
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Social Democracy and Global Competitiveness 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Social Democracy and Global
Competitiveness via Matthew Yglesias by myglesias on 1/6/10
When I read this portion of Ross Douthat?s column a few days ago, I
scratched my head:
Social democracy has its benefits, but global competitiveness isn?t one
of them. As Jim Manzi points out, in an essay on ?Keeping America?s
Edge? in the latest issue of National Affairs, ?from 1980 through
today, America?s share of global output has been constant at about 21
percent. Europe?s share, meanwhile, has been collapsing in the face of
global competition ? going from a little less than 40 percent of global
production in the 1970s to about 25 percent today.?
Central Station, Stockholm, Sweden (photo by me, available under cc
The implication here is of a huge shift in relative living standards
that never happened. The fact that this doesn?t take account of
population growth is suspicious.
Jon Chait, for his new blog, delves in deeper and discovers a few
salient points. One, Manzi is comparing US economic performance since
1980 to European performance since 1973?which is nuts. Two, Manzi is
defining ?Europe since 1973? to include the Soviet Union and sundry
Central European countries that spent half that period in the Communist
So, let?s look at a straight-up measure. How did the United States
perform in comparison with European social democracies? Well, since
1980, the original 15 members of the European Union saw their real per
capita income grow by 58%. Real per capita GDP in the United States
grew by? 63%. And that measure actually overstates the difference. The
European Union does not include Switzerland, Norway or Iceland ? three
countries that clearly qualify as European social democracies. Those
three countries had 71% growth in per capita GDP since 1980 ? thanks to
Isha Vij of the Center for American Progress for pointing this out to
me ? which, if added to the EU 15, would bring the growth record of the
United States and the social democracies even closer to parity.
There are three main differences in living standards between the United
States and Europe. One is that the US has long been somewhat wealthier
than the biggest European countries, dating back to the 19th century.
Two is that the US is much less egalitarian than Europe?a bigger share
of European output is in the hands of the poor and the middle class,
and a smaller share in the hands of the rich. The third is that
Americans work more than most western Europeans:
These last two show us what I think is the real meaning of social
democracy for a developed country?you get more equality and more
vacation, with no real impact on the rate of growth. There?s a case to
be made that less vacation and better televisions are a better deal
than more vacation and worse televisions (the two things I like to do
on vacation are go to Europe and watch TV, so I have mixed feelings
about this) and there?s a tradition of philosophical argument which
holds that the failure of modern mixed economies to be sufficiently
solicitous of the interests of the wealthy is a major source of
injustice. But though some level of income inequality would seem to be
necessary to achieve economic growth, within the range that actual
developed countries exist at there?s no evidence that inegalitarian
policies boost growth.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Matthew Yglesias using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-08 00:34:14
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Can Marxian Economics Explain the Crisis? 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Can Marxian Economics Explain
the Crisis? via Economist's View by Mark Thoma on 1/6/10
John Quiggin wonders if anyone has constructed "a distinctively Marxian
analysis of the current crisis":
Marxian economics MIA?, by John Quiggin: The financial crisis has,
justifiably, enhanced the reputation of Karl Marx as an economic
thinker. Marx was the first economist to treat crises and panics as an
inherent feature of capitalism rather than as an inexplicable, but
fortunately temporary, departures from a natural equilibrium.
Unfortunately, most of his analytical effort, and even more, that of
the school of thought that followed him, was devoted to pointless
exercises in value theory[1]. Marx?s discussion of crisis rested mainly
on the idea of the falling rate of profit which seemed at the time to
be both a theoretical inevitability and an observable trend. But with
technological progress, there?s no necessity for the rate of profit to
fall consistently, and it hasn?t. There are other ideas in Marx that
might be developed to yield a better theory of crisis, but nothing
resembling a systematic theory. And, in the current crisis, Marxian
economics seems to be pretty much Missing in Action. I haven?t seen
much and what I have seen hasn?t added much, in analytical terms, to
the standard left-Keynesian analysis. Perhaps the problem is that just
about everyone expects capitalism, in one form or another, to survive
this crisis, contrary to the orthodox Marxist view where crises become
ever more severe and eventually precipitate the revolutionary overthrow
of the entire system. But it?s equally possible that I haven?t been
looking in the right places. Readers of my blog have pointed me here,
which has some good stuff, but, as I said, isn?t much different from
the standard left-Keynesian analysis[2]. Can anyone recommend a
distinctively Marxian analysis of the current crisis? fn1. If I get
time, I?ll write a longer post on this point. ... fn2. Except for this
piece, which reads more like Cochrane or Fama with some added Marxist
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Economist's View using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-09 10:14:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] on the conflict between the soft network economy 
The whole of the article was good...haven't seen Avatar.  I'm not sure about
3D but I realize they must do something to keep the experience fresh.
Europe delves deeper into the self to do so.  America goes for
Avatar somehow reminds me that there is some show on now with Alan Alda
called the Spark of Humanity or some such.  It's on US PBS.  There was an
interesting episode about the difference between Homo Sapiens and
Neanderthals.  Neanderthals lasted over 80,000 years in some of the same
"caves" in France using the exact same sorts of tools.  Remarkable.  One
general approach that worked...kept populations low but viable, etc.  on a
wholly sustainable basis.  Humans wiped them out quickly with changing
technologies adapted to various climate crises mostly.  The dynamics of
Africa apparently called for human innovation.  It looks like that
innovation started about 340,000 years ago give or take...by 100,000 years
ago, a person living in Africa could be adopted and presumably raised like
us.  By 10,000 years ago, we were inventing agriculture...to cope with
larger populations, climate change, and other issues.  But just 400 years
ago, 99.997 percent of humans were pre-scientific.  Now, maybe 60% are.
China is graduating more engineers per year than the US does in 10.  India
is not far behind.  It is a matter of time.  Science and culture will shift
to Mandarin and Hindi with English being used like Latin in the Middle Ages
as a language of the elite.

@_date: 2010-01-09 10:27:35
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Chavez devalues currency... 
Interesting strategy...pushing inflation up.  Inflation always destroys
wealth.  He is attempting, it seems, to restructure the economy from the
bottom with local production driving low cost exports.  Hard to imagine it
will work.  Never has before.

@_date: 2010-01-09 18:04:13
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Everyone wants to talk about currencies 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Everyone wants to talk about
currencies via China Financial Markets by Michael Pettis on 1/9/10
I will be in NY and Boston during the first week of February and plan
to meet a number of investors there to discuss China. I believe it
becomes official on February 1, but I recently joined the Hong Kong
subsidiary of one of China?s top broker/dealers, Shenyin Wanguo, as
their Chief Strategist, where my responsibility will be to provide
research and advice to large institutional clients of the company. I
will continue teaching at Peking University and doing research for the
Carnegie Endowment ? this new responsibility simply takes off from my
existing work.
Unfortunately it will mean that my blog postings (in the future, and
clearly not this one) will become shorter and perhaps more reacting to
market events, but of course it also means that it will be much easier
for me to travel to meet clients and friends in Asia, Europe, North
America and elsewhere for more focused (and perhaps more open)
discussions of China and the international economy.
For now I suspect everyone will want to discuss currencies. One of the
more interesting pieces of news for me was yesterday?s Financial Times
story on President Sarkozy?s finding ?unacceptable? the disordered
currency markets (?disorder? means a rising euro). According to the
Nicolas Sarkozy on Thursday stepped up his attack on global exchange
rate imbalances saying ?monetary disorder? had become ?unacceptable?.
The French president said he would make exchange rate policy an
important theme of France?s presidency of the G8 and G20 forums of
advanced and developing economies in 2011.
?There cannot be financial, economic and social order until we put an
end to currency disorder,? he said at a conference in Paris. Mr Sarkozy
has long railed against Chinese ?monetary dumping? and the dominance of
the dollar, but has sharpened his criticism in recent days reflecting
concern in Paris that a balanced economic recovery in the eurozone
could be choked off by an overvalued currency.
With a large trade deficit and with exports that are more
price-sensitive than Germany?s, France feels more susceptible to
exchange-rate movements than its neighbour across the Rhine. ?We can?t
increase the competitiveness of our businesses in Europe and have the
dollar lose 50 per cent of its value against the euro,? Mr Sarkozy
said. ?When we produce in the eurozone and sell in the dollar zone, are
we supposed to just give up selling??
So we are sort of stuck, aren?t we? The dollar is overvalued, and it
must rebalance downwards in order to force up US savings rates relative
to US GDP, but since it cannot decline against Asian currencies, whose
central banks intervene heavily, it must decline against the floating
currencies like the euro.
But the euro is probably already overvalued against the dollar, so
European manufacturers will be forced to accept the brunt of the
adjustment. This will be painful for everyone in Europe, but I suspect
it will be most painful for Germany, a country that is more dependent
on manufacturing than the rest of the region and so who will suffer
more if there is a sharp drop in demand for European manufactured
goods. The fact that President Sarkozy is nonetheless making the most
noise about the euro indicates that this is going to become a very
popular political topic and has great demagogic appeal.
Later in the article Sarkozy was quoted as saying ?You know how close I
feel to the US. But this is not possible. The world has become
multipolar. We must have a multi-monetary system.? As a half-French
half-American I have to say I suspect that it is not likely to be easy
to convince too many Americans of the truth of the first part of his
statement. I think however, that although the US and the world (except
perhaps export-dependent Asian countries) would be better off with a
multi-monetary system, Sarkozy may be confusing issues.
The dominance of the dollar in reserve accumulation has little to do
with a lack of an alternative currency and a lot to do with the
inability of any country but the US to absorb the trade deficits
created by export-dependent development strategies. Trade-surplus
countries buy dollars because when they buy euros, they cause angry
reactions from European businessmen and politicians who are
uncomfortable with the impact of a rising euro on domestic
manufacturing and employment. In fact, the rise of the euro against the
dollar is precisely what Sarkozy claims to oppose in the first part of
his statement and to support in the second part. If Asian central banks
rely less on the dollar and more on the euro for their reserve
accumulation, guess what will happen. Yes, the euro will rise against
the dollar.
Japan is worried too
It always surprises me how readily people believe that the status of
the dollar as a reserve currency has to do with same nefarious
conspiracy. As long as the US is willing and able to run large trade
deficits, the dollar will be the overwhelming currency of choice for
reserve accumulation. Once the US ability or willingness stops, which I
suspect is likely to be the case over the next few years, central banks
will stop accumulating dollars. Like it did during the period of large
US deficits in the 1960s and the 1980s, the talk about dollar hegemony
will once again fade away as US trade deficits decline.
Sarkozy?s comments were reinforced, in a way, by comments the same day
from Naoto Kan, Japan?s finance minister. Here is what the South China
Morning Post said in an article today.
Japan?s new finance minister backed off his call for a weaker yen
following an apparent rebuke from the prime minister yesterday, saying
currency levels should be determined by markets.
Still, Naoto Kan said the government should pay heed to the views of
the country?s business community, signalling that he was sticking to
the view of favouring a weaker yen to boost the competitiveness of
Japanese exports. ?Currencies undoubtedly should be determined by
markets,? Kan said. ?But I also believe that generally speaking, it?s
the finance minister?s job to act against currency moves when needed.?
?He jolted markets in his first press briefing as finance minister on
Thursday, saying he hoped the yen would weaken further and that he
would work with the Bank of Japan to achieve an appropriate exchange
rate level.
For those who remember the 1980s, when many policymakers in Japan
insisted that Japan?s trade surplus had nothing to do with the value of
the currency, and everything to do with domestic competitive advantages
in manufacturing, it is a little weird seeing them now worry so much
about the impact of a rising yen on their manufacturing sector and on
the process of economic recovery. Currencies do matter, I guess.
Currency talk is likely to be the flavor of this year. The currency
issue simply will not go away, and the fighting over it is likely to
get worse, not better. On that topic, a research fellow at the
Institute of World Economics and Politics at CASS had an interesting
proposal earlier this week. According to an article in Bloomberg:
China should consider a one-time appreciation in the yuan of 10 percent
against the dollar to reduce inflows of speculative capital into China,
a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences said. The
revaluation could be followed by a cap of 3 percent in annual moves up
or down for the currency against the greenback, Zhang Bin, a research
fellow at the Institute of World Economics and Politics at CASS, which
advises the cabinet, said in an interview from Beijing today. He said
he couldn?t predict whether his proposal, outlined in an essay, would
be adopted by the government.
China may see ?huge? inflows of so-called hot money as foreign
investors step up bets on yuan gains, Zhang Xiaoqiang, deputy head of
the National Development and Reform Commission, said in a statement
yesterday. The government has rebuffed calls from U.S. and European
officials to allow the market to set the exchange rate and has pegged
the yuan at about 6.83 per dollar since July 2008 to help exporters
weather a global recession.
?It?s a good strategy to protect China from the impact of short-term
capital inflows,? said Zhang. ?Now is a very good time. Foreign
pressure will intensify this year and China should take an active
?A 10 percent revaluation would have limited impact on exports and slow
growth in overseas sales by 3.3 percent, said Zhang. Exports dropped
1.2 percent in November from a year earlier, following a 13.8 percent
decline the previous month. China?s customs bureau is scheduled to
report trade figures for December sometime between Jan. 12 and 14.
Zhang, who has been interviewed by Xinhua news agency on global
economics previously, said the revaluation should be adopted soon. ?The
earlier, the better,? said Zhang. ?We shouldn?t wait until after
foreign capital flows into China and expectations on yuan gains
Does the value of the RMB matter for trade?
What would the impact on trade be? Strangely enough many of the
opponents of RMB revaluation insist that it would have no impact on
trade balances. A new ?International Finance Discussion Paper? (Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) by Shaghil Ahmed sees it
differently (?Are Chinese Exports Sensitive to Changes in the Exchange
The main results of the paper can be summarized as follows: First,
including the latest period of greater real exchange rate variability
reinforces the conclusions of some earlier studies, such as Marquez and
Schindler (2007), which found that Chinese exports respond quite
strongly to movements in the real exchange rate, and go against studies
which fond little effect of exchange rate changes or effects that go in
the opposite direction to conventional wisdom.
Second, considering the components of the real exchange rate,
consistent with the theoretical model, when the source of Chinese real
exchange rate appreciation is movements of the RMB against other
emerging Asian countries, this does not have a significant effect on
Chinese processing exports, but it does have a significant negative
effect on Chinese non-processing exports. On the other hand, when the
source of the renminbi appreciation is movements against the currencies
of non-emerging Asian Chinese trading partners, generally both types of
exports go down. Moreover, even though processed exports remain very
important for China, increases in non-processed exports have recently
accounted for more of the overall increase in exports. Finally, model
simulations indicate that the path of total Chinese real exports would
have been quite a bit lower if the renminbi had appreciated more in
recent years.
Overall, the results suggest that greater exchange rate flexibility
could have significant impact on China?s trade balance by restraining
growth of exports, particularly non-processed exports.
?The implications of the results for global imbalances depend on what
is exactly meant by global imbalances, which is not always clear-cut.
If China?s large current account surplus or its bilateral current
account surplus with the United States by itself contributes to global
imbalances, along with the U.S. bilateral current account deficit with
China, then our results suggest that greater degree of appreciation of
the Chinese currency would substantially help mitigate global
imbalances. If, however, the big part of global imbalances is the U.S.
overall current account deficit and the current account surplus of the
emerging market world taken together, then it is less clear that
greater appreciation of the Chinese currency would make a significant
dent to global imbalances. For example, following an adjustment of the
Chinese real exchange rate one scenario could well be that the fall in
exports by China is largely matched by a rise in exports by other
emerging market economies, including in emerging Asia, leaving
aggregate current account balances of the United States and of emerging
market economies more broadly unchanged.
But the results do seem to imply that greater flexibility of the
exchange rate would help China toward its stated desired goal of
shifting the sources of growth more toward domestic demand with less
dependence on external demand.
Regular readers of my blog might remember that from late 2006 until the
beginning of 2008 I had argued that the best way for China to address
the domestic (and of course external) problems caused by the
undervalued exchange rate would be for a 15-20% one-off revaluation.
This would both force through a rebalancing and help revive consumption
growth, all the while protecting the country from the problem of hot
money inflows, which had become terrible by that time.
After the onset of the crisis I backed away from such a large
revaluation (not because it wouldn?t be a good idea in the long run,
but rather because it would be too painful in short run) while still
arguing that a one-off 10% revaluation still made sense. Needless to
say I enthusiastically agree with Zhang Bin although, like him, I am
doubtful that policymakers will be willing to absorb the short term
cost in exchange for domestic economic benefits that probably won?t
accrue until well after 2012, when the current leadership will have
Hot money
My guess is that we will see a much smaller appreciation, perhaps 2-3%
during the first quarter. Apparently I am not the only one who believes
that appreciation pressures are mounting. That terrible bugbear, which
made China?s too-little-too-late appreciation strategy from 2005 to
2008 so difficult for the PBoC, hot money inflows, seems to be rapidly
becoming a problem again. Earlier this week a senior policy advisor
sounded, and not for the first time, the warning. According to an
article in Bloomberg:
China may see ?huge? speculative inflows as overseas investors step up
bets on yuan gains, making it difficult to manage liquidity, said Zhang
Xiaoqiang, deputy head of the nation?s top planning agency. Loose
monetary polices in developed countries, a weakening U.S. dollar and
China?s economic recovery will put renewed pressure on the yuan to
appreciate, Zhang, from the National Development and Reform Commission,
said in a statement on its Web site today. The country is becoming more
reliant on foreign economies, he said.
Already some of my students whose parents own their own businesses have
been telling me that Chinese speculative money held abroad is flowing
back into the country. One of my students from rich coastal city
Wenzhou, the most free-wheeling and business-savvy city in China, and
perhaps the world, just rolled his eyes when I asked him if his family
and friends were tying to bring money into the country. ?Of course,? he
said. I didn?t get the impression that he thought mine was an
especially astute question.
Meanwhile all the big guns in the ?monetary alarmist? camp in China
have been pounding the table (in the discreet way preferred of
policymakers here) about the risks of monetary expansion. As everyone
now knows, the PBoC yesterday sold three-month bills at a higher
interest rate for the first time in 19 weeks. Long Chen, one of the
students in my PBoC Shadow Committee seminar, reported to the class via
email as soon as it happened: ?Hey guys, the primary yield of 3M PBOC
bill increased this week. Significant sign.?
Yes, although the increase was tiny, it may indeed be a significant
sign that the PBoC no longer wants to wait and is starting to tighten
conditions, although I can only add that conditions are so alarmingly
loose that it would take an awful lot of tightening to get back just to
?loose?, and it would be hard to do this without seriously undermining
current growth and employment in the short term. My guess is that this
may be a beginning, but it will be a very slow and tentative beginning.
The PBoC has already been lambasted (unfairly, in my opinion) for
jumping the gun in 2007 and 2008 and they have little political capital
against which they can afford another ?mistake?.
In fact much of their action tends to be signaling ? what in the US we
would call ?jawboning?. Four days ago, for example, Governor Zhou made
another attempt to warn about risks to the banking system in an
interview with China Finance very similar to a speech he gave late
December. According to an article in Bloomberg:
Chinese central bank Governor Zhou Xiaochuan reiterated government
warnings that investment in industries with excess capacity and in
redundant infrastructure projects could threaten banks? loan quality.
The People?s Bank of China will guide credit, seeking to avoid
volatility in lending, Zhou said in an interview dated yesterday on the
Web site of China Finance, a central bank publication. Investment in
duplicated projects or industries with overcapacity could ?pose a risk
to the quality of banks? loans,? Zhou said.
China?s policy makers are seeking to contain risks from an
unprecedented credit boom, in which banks extended 9.21 trillion yuan
($1.3 trillion) of new loans in the first 11 months of 2009. Liu
Mingkang, chairman of the China Banking Regulatory Commission, said
yesterday that lenders have ?more than? enough capital, while also
cautioning that asset bubbles may emerge in the world?s third-biggest
It is hard to be both soothing and at the same time to raise the alarm.
To move away from currencies and monetary policy, I saw an interesting
article about the US in Xinhua.
A recent New York Times/CBS News poll has found that more than half of
Americans said they are spending less money in stores and online. A New
York Times report available on its website Saturday quotes the poll as
saying that nearly half of Americans said they were spending less time
buying nonessentials.
?Some are working longer hours, but a larger proportion are spending
additional time with family and friends, gardening, cooking, reading,
watching television and engaging in other hobbies,? says the report.
The report also quotes the U.S. Department of Labor?s time-use survey
as showing that compared with 2005, Americans spent less time in 2008
buying goods and services and more time cooking or taking part in
?organizational, civic and religious activities.?
Net demand from abroad
This is almost certainly good news for the US in the medium term, but
if true, needless to say, it seriously undermines hopes that US net
demand will revive enough to justify the overcapacity issues
exacerbated by China?s fiscal and credit expansion. There has been some
hope that boosting trade with developing countries, and especially with
developing Asia, will result in a new source of net demand. James Kynge
said something like this in the Financial Times earlier this week:
Popular narratives sometimes overshoot. One of the latest to outlast
its veracity is the conventional wisdom that China?s export engines
have been spiked by subsiding consumer demand in the US. This, so the
argument goes, leaves Beijing with no option but to spur domestic
demand to compensate for lost export revenues.
This became an ?ber-narrative last year. Its snowballing popular appeal
was powered by two unassailable charms: it made sense and seemed
largely true ? but not any longer. Its potency appears set to wane in
coming months not so much because of a challenge to its central plot,
but by other things happening off stage.
The telling off-stage action is the recent upsurge in trade with
south-east Asia and the ?newly-rising economies? of Brazil, Africa and
India. Although Chinese trade with these places has historically been
limited, it has grown so fast in the past five years that a robust
performance in 2010 may be enough to offset any moderate weakness in
China?s trade with the US.
A friend wrote to me to ask what I thought of this possibility, citing
Kynge?s article, and my response (with some editing) was:
The idea that net demand from developing countries can replace net
demand form the US is alarmingly widespread, both in China and abroad,
and mainly indicates to me a lack of familiarity with the history of
developing countries. The developing world excluding China is roughly
the same size as the US, so if you want them to replace the US you need
the developing world to run trade deficits of roughly equal to 7% of
their GDPs.
Leave aside the huge problem that most developing countries also want
trade surpluses and have a stubbornly tough time understanding why they
should run deficits in order to help Chinese employment, the historical
evidence suggests that just a few years of trade deficits of 2% of GDP
will lead to external debt crisis. For example it took the Asian Tigers
just a few years of deficits after 1993-94 to run into the Asian
crisis. Do Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam and so on really want to go
through that again? Developing country demand cannot replace the US.
Even Europe cannot replace the US. This is an unrealistic hope.
No, I think the rapid growth of US consumption relative to (very
healthy) US GDP over the past 30 years or longer may have been a
special historical circumstance whose life, if not over, is coming to a
close. Except for small countries whose trade surplus can easily be
accommodated, I think the days of rapid growth driven by trade-surplus
policies may be over.
This is getting to be another of my very long pieces (as my friend
Kaiser Kuo reminded me last night at my club), so I will stop, but not
before referring to one last interesting article about another
controversy in Chinese academic circles. China is trying very hard to
boost the quality of its scientific and technological research, which
is, with a few exceptions, of very low quality. I am skeptical about
how successful they will be, in part because the educational system
here, as a history teacher in the top high school in Shanxi province
once told me, is a machine for stamping out critical and creative
thinking, and in part because the process is not being driven by
scientists but by bureaucrats. Here is what the South China Morning
Post says:
The exposure of two researchers who published fake data in an
international journal is the subject of heated debate in mainland
scientific circles, with opinion divided on whether the blame should
rest on unscrupulous individual behaviour or deep flaws in the academic
Zhong Hua and Liu Tao from Jinggangshan University in Jiangxi published
faked datasets in specialist journal Acta Crystallographica Section E
in 2007. The fraud would have gone undetected without new computer
analysis, the journal said on its website.
Leading British medical journal The Lancet urged China to tighten
measures against scientific fraud, otherwise it would not become the
research superpower President Hu Jintao has pledged by 2020.
These kinds of problems are so commonplace that normally I wouldn?t
bring it up except for two reasons. The first is that it is a measure
of how complex the problem is that there is even a debate about this
episode. Normally, faking research brings universal condemnation, but
the researchers have earned some sympathy because they are desperately
responding to a very difficult system. The second reason I cite this
article, which follows the first, is because of a very perceptive quote
from Professor Jiang Gaoming of the Institute of Botany under the
Chinese Academy of Sciences:
?All living creatures have an instinct to survive. When a bad system
determines the survival of researchers, they have to do all kinds of
corrupt and unethical things to live. The outcome is inevitable,? Jiang
This is something I often tell my students, especially about the
banking system. It is not because they are especially stupid or
dishonest that bankers have made bad loans, but rather because they are
responding intelligently to bad incentives. Any system with distorted
incentives creates distorted results.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to China Financial Markets using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-09 18:06:24
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Transhumanism and Adorno 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: J. Hughes Problems of
Transhumanism: The Unsustainable Autonomy of Reason via Ethical
Technology on 1/8/10
Reason is not self-legitimating. Like all Enlightenment advocates for
reason, transhumanists find that the project of Reason erodes all
premises including the superiority of reason over unreason.
Consequently transhumanists, like Enlightenment advocates in general,
need to defend our values with nonrational a prioris. Unfortunately
some transhumanists continue to advocate a na?ve conception of pure
rationality as an end in itself.
The Enlightenment and Reason
Reason was the central value of the Enlightenment. Some historians see
the beginning of the Enlightenment in the early seventeenth century
?Age of Reason,? associated with the Descartes, Spinoza, Leibniz,
Hobbes, Locke, and Berkeley. Historian Dorinda Outram defined the
central claims of the Enlightenment around its appeal to reason:
Enlightenment was a desire for human affairs to be guided by
rationality rather than by faith, superstition, or revelation; a belief
in the power of human reason to change society and liberate the
individual from the restraints of custom or arbitrary authority; all
backed up by a world view increasingly validated by science rather than
by religion or tradition. (Outram, 1995: 3)
When Kant wrote his essay (1784a) ?Was ist Aufkl?rung? or ?What is
Enlightenment?? for the Berlinische Monatschrift, he summed up the
slogan of the Enlightenment as ?sapere aude? or ?dare to know.? Though
divided by epistemology and theology, these thinkers attempted to
ground philosophy on uncontestable propositions such as ?cogito ergo
This thorough-going undermining of all irrational a prioris led to a
number of philosophical dead-ends, however, immediately generating a
score of post-rationalist movements. In the midst of the Enlightenment,
Jean-Jacques Rousseau valorized the primitive and decried the harmful
effects of hyper-rationalism on morality (Glendon, 1999). After all, as
Hume underlined, the Enlightenment had severed any connection between
the IS and the OUGHT. Although Kant and the utilitarians would attempt
to re-ground ethics on what appeared to be empirical observations about
human nature, they could never answer the next question: why should
ethics be grounded on observations about human nature and not something
else, like ancient religious dogmas?
Eighteenth century Romanticism was also a reaction to the overreach of
reason in its assertion of the value of aesthetic and emotional
experience. From the eighteenth century through World War Two,
movements on both the right and left turned against Enlightenment
rationalism. On the Left, the Frankfurt School writers criticized the
Enlightenment?s instrumental rationality for its complicity in
authoritarianism (Adorno and Horkheimer, 2006; Marcuse, 1964; Saul,
1992; Gray, 1995). Various strains of feminism and anti-imperialism
attacked the patriarchal and Eurocentric construction of Enlightenment
reason (Harding, 1982). These post-rationalist movements rejected the
autonomy and universality of reason because it came into conflict with
other values of the Enlightenment, such as respect for the rights of
persons and for cultural diversity. Meanwhile, theologians and
philosophers of the Right blamed communism on the totalizing logic of
the Enlightenment?s assertion of utopian reason.
In the 20th century, Enlightenment rationalism also began to question
its own first principles. One example is found in Wittgenstein?s turn
from logical positivism. The logical positivists attempted to ban from
philosophical discourse all terms and concepts without empirical
referents. Ludwig Wittgenstein, although an early and influential
advocate of this position, eventually changed his mind as he further
investigated how language actually worked. Having turned empirical
investigation on the process of reasoning itself, and attempting to
purify language of all irrationality, Wittgenstein concluded that the
goal was chimerical (Wittgenstein, 1953). Language is a series of word
games in which meanings are created only in reference to other words
and not to empirical facts. The positivist project of building a
rational philosophy from uncontestable empirical observations is
Foucault, Derrida, and the postmodernists also represent an implosion
of Enlightenment reason. Although I believe postmodernist ?criticism?
to be mostly a dead end, the essential insight is true: all claims for
Enlightenment reason are historically situated and biased by power and
position. The Enlightenment is just one historical narrative among many
and there is no rational reason to choose the Enlightenment narrative
over any other. Reason can only be argued for from metaphysical and
ethical a prioris, even if those are only such basic assumptions as ?it
is good to be able to accomplish one?s intended goals.?
Most tangibly, contemporary neuroscience, also a product of
Enlightenment reason, now recognizes that reason severed from emotion
is impotent. In Damasio?s (1994) now classic studies of patients with
brain damage that severed the ties between emotion and decision-making,
the victims were incapable of making decisions. The desire to stop
deliberating and make a decision is not itself rational ? it is a
product of temperament. Reason was built to serve, but is incapable of
generating its own commands.
Transhumanists and Reason
Most transhumanists argue the Enlightenment case for Reason without
ackowledging its self-undermining nature. For instance Max More?s
Extropian Principles codified ?rational thinking? as one of its seven
precepts (More, 1998):
Like humanists, transhumanists favor reason, progress, and values
centered on our well being rather than on an external religious
authority. (More, 1998)
The Transhumanist FAQ defines transhumanism as the consistent
application of reason:
The intellectual and cultural movement that affirms the possibility and
desirability of fundamentally improving the human condition through
applied reason?We might not be perfect, but we can make things better
by promoting rational thinking, freedom, tolerance, democracy, and
concern for our fellow human beings? Just as we use rational means to
improve the human condition and the external world, we can also use
such means to improve ourselves, the human organism. (Humanity+, 2003)
One of the central transhumanist blogs is Less Wrong, based at Oxford
University under the aegis of transhumanist philosopher Nick Bostrom
and dedicated to ?the art of refining human rationality.? A frequent
contributor there is Eliezer Yudkowsky, an auto-didact writer on
artificial intelligence and human cognitive biases who also is a
co-founder of the Singularity Institute for Artificial Intelligence.
Yudkowsky has said that one of his goals is to lead a ?mass movement to
train people to be black-belt rationalists.? The Less Wrong blog
highlights Yudkowsky?s definitions of rationality and their importance
as its raison d?etre:
What Do We Mean By ?Rationality??
We mean:
1. Epistemic rationality: believing, and updating on evidence, so as to
systematically improve the correspondence between your map and the
territory. The art of obtaining beliefs that correspond to reality as
closely as possible. This correspondence is commonly termed ?truth? or
?accuracy?, and we?re happy to call it that.
2. Instrumental rationality: achieving your values. Not necessarily
?your values? in the sense of being selfish values or unshared values:
?your values? means anything you care about. The art of choosing
actions that steer the future toward outcomes ranked higher in your
preferences. On LW we sometimes refer to this as ?winning.?
But why should we want a map that corresponds to the territory? Where
do the values that rationality help us achieve come from? What if the
valuation of instrumental rationality in fact is an obstacle to
achieving the things we value, as the romantics claim, such as beauty,
meaning, contentment, and awe? Yudkowsky goes so far as to acknowledge
the problem in order to define it as something that is simply not to be
? many of us will regard as controversial?at the very least?any
construal of ?rationality? that makes it non-normative. For example, if
you say, ?The rational belief is X, but the true belief is Y? then you
are probably using the word ?rational? in a way that means something
other than what most of us have in mind? Similarly, if you find
yourself saying, ?The rational thing to do is X, but the right thing to
do is Y? then you are almost certainly using one of the words
?rational? or ?right? in a way that a huge chunk of readers won?t agree
Fortunately for Yudkowsky, he has been ceded authority by his readers
to write off all philosophical debate about the relationship of IS and
OUGHT. But this will leave his transhumanist rationality experts
defenseless debating those with different metaphysics, or when they
face their own dark nights of the soul.
One of the central philosophical debates between bioconservatives and
transhumanists, and ?bioliberals? more generally, over the last two
decades has been over the legitimacy of emotivist arguments such as
Leon Kass? (1997) ?wisdom of repugnance? (Roache and Clarke, 2009). In
2003, the bioconservative Yuval Levin wrote in ?The Paradox of
Conservative Bioethics? of the tragic dilemma faced by conservatives
trying to devise rational arguments in defense of irrational taboos.
Once liberal democracy forces the conservative to abandon appeals to
tradition or intuition, democratic debate naturalizes the new.
The very fact that everything must be laid out in the open in the
democratic age is destructive of the reverence that gives moral
intuition its authority. A deep moral taboo cannot simply become
another option among others, which argues its case in the market place.
Entering the market and laying out its wares takes away from its
venerated stature, and its stature is the key to its authority. By the
very fact that it becomes open to dispute?its pros and cons tallied up
and counted?the taboo slowly ceases to exist? A conservative
bioethics?is forced to proceed by pulling up its own roots, and to
begin by violating some of the very principles it seeks to defend.
(Levin, 2003)
Transhumanists and the Enlightenment face the opposite dilemma: how to
advocate for rationality in a way that avoids its potential for
self-erosion. Just as the bioconservatives cannot validate their taboos
and ethical a prioris in the public square, there is likewise no
rational reason why society should reject taboos and superstition in
favor of a transhuman future; value judgments in favor of tradition,
faith, and taboo, or in favor of progress, reason, and liberty both
stem from pre-rational premises.
Transhumanists need to acknowledge their own historical situatedness
and defend their normative and epistemological first principles as
existential choices instead of empirical absolutes somehow derived from
reason. One example of a transhumanist acknowledging the pre-rational
roots of transhumanist values is anti-aging activist and IEET Fellow
Aubrey de Grey?s 2008 essay ?Reasons and methods for promoting our duty
to extend healthy life indefinitely.? De Grey directly addresses Leon
Kass? emotivist argument and turns it on its head. What, de Grey asks,
is more repugnant than sickness, aging, and death? Those arguing the
anti-aging cause, de Grey concludes, should start from these shared
intuitions and prejudices instead of starting from reasoned arguments
that presume the ?objectivity of morality? and the ?unreliability of
gut feelings.? When I first heard de Grey?s argument, I demurred,
thinking he had given away too much to the emotivists. But that was
simply my own fear of letting go of my superior rational ethical
When I imagine the project of Reason, I think of building a house in
mid-air. I look over at the other houses floating in mid-air, the
pre-Enlightenment houses, and they are ramshackle huts of mud daub and
random flotsam, tied up with string. To get from one room to another in
our neighbors? houses, you have to crawl to the basement and then up a
laundry chute. They sit in darkened rooms with few windows, and none
that show that the house is not in fact rooted to the earth.
With the pure, lean precision of Reason we have built our houses of
Kantianism, utilitarianism, liberal democracy, and other clean
architectural marvels, Frank Lloyd Wright structures of thought with
lots of windows, and even glass floors. But most of us steadfastly
ignore the fact that, just like our neighbors, we are floating in
mid-air. Acknowledging that we are all in mid-air and don?t know how we
got aloft in the first place is damned scary, and we have repeatedly
seen people defect from our Enlightenment houses with glass floors to
our neighbors? houses of faith and dogma where they are not forced to
look down. We need to learn the courage to acknowledge that we got this
thing in the air through an act of will?that Reason is a good tool but
that our values and moral codes are not grounded in Reason?or else we
will lose many more people to the forces of irrationality in the future.
Adorno, T. W., and Max Horkheimer. 2002. Dialectic of Enlightenment.
Trans. Edmund Jephcott. Stanford: Stanford UP.
Berlin, Isaiah. 1998. The Proper Study of Mankind: An Anthology of
Essays. Farrar Straus Giroux.
Damasio, Antionio. 1994. Descartes? Error: Emotion, Reason, and the
Human Brain. Putnam.
de Grey, Aubrey D.N.J. 2008. Reasons and methods for promoting our duty
to extend healthy life indefinitely. Journal of Evolution and
Technology 18(1): 50-55.
Glendon, Mary Ann. 1999. Rousseau & the Revolt Against Reason. First
Things 96 (October 1999): 42-47.
Gray, John. 1995. Enlightenment?s Wake: Politics and Culture at the
Close of the Modern Age. Routledge.
Harding, Sandra. 1982. Is Gender a Variable in Conceptions of
Rationality? A Survey of Issues. Dialectica 36: 226-241.
Humanity+. 2003. Transhumanist FAQ.
Kant, Immanuel. 1784. Was ist Aufkl?rung. Berlinische Monatschrift
Dezember-Heft: 481-494.
Kass, Leon R. 1997. The wisdom of repugnance. The New Republic 216(22):
Levin, Yuval. 2003. The Paradox of Conservative Bioethics. The New
Atlantis 1(1): 53-65.
Marcuse, Herbert. 1964. One-dimensional man: Studies in the ideology of
advanced industrial society. Boston: Beacon Press.
More, Max. 1998. The Extropian Principles v3. Extropy Institute.
Outram, Dorinda. 1995. The Enlightenment. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge
University Press.
_____. 2005. The Enlightenment, 2nd ed. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge
University Press.
Roache, Rebecca and Steve Clarke. 2009. Bioconservatism, Bioliberalism
and Repugnance. Monash Bioethics Review 28(1):4.1-21.
Wittgenstein, Ludwig. 1953/2001. Philosophical Investigations.
Blackwell Publishing.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Ethical Technology using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-10 10:13:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] College Readiness Software...Looks Promising 
The software from this site drills students in more advanced college
readiness skills--algebra, reading comprehension, etc.  Interesting.

@_date: 2010-01-10 15:34:35
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Local Motors, a glimpse of the future 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Local Motors, a glimpse of the
future via Grant McCracken by Grant McCracken on 1/8/10
Is this a glimpse of the future?
Detroit without Detroit?
Detroit de-troited?
Local Motors outsources the design task (in this case to Mihai
Panaitescu), builds variations on to a single chassis (in this case
from BMW) and invites consumers to come to the plant (in Massachusetts)
and help build the car.
Customization, local content, consumer participation (aka cocreation),
these things are now happening everywhere in Western economies. But it
looked as if certain industries would remain locked in the old world of
mass and mono manufacture. Any industry that is capital intensive,
constrained by government requirement, and engaged in a complex
production process?surely this would continue to make product the old
fashioned way.
Enter Local Motors
In the FAQ, Local Motors asks this question:
How does Local Motors intend to build and sell cars? Doesn?t this cost
hundreds of millions of dollars?
Their answer:
To compete with the major auto manufacturers, it would cost hundreds of
millions of dollars. However, we do not intend to compete with them in
terms of size or mass appeal. Our focus is specifically car enthusiasts
and design lovers. We intend a simpler product and a lower volume. You
might ask then why customers will pay for that simplicity, and we would
answer that the specialized local nature of the business is meant to
make up for that differentiation. We are ALL ABOUT bringing the fun of
cars back to people?s hometown. Think of Micro-Beer for cars or Organic
Food markets. What would you pay more for: a generic beer purchased at
a 7-11, or a custom Micro-Brew? Where would you rather shop: an Organic
Food Market with local produce, or a Supermarket Chain? The products at
these types of local places are simpler and created with less
manufacturing complexity, though they cost more because they are
special and lower volume. Therefore, we do not intend to create a large
OEM only to sell cars through dealerships. Volume is not our thing.
The strategy here is interesting, micro manufacture, niche markets,
branding by location, making locality the basis of product variation.
It?s all about going intensive where cars have traditionally been
extensive. "Volume is not our thing."
The FAQ then asks:
How will Local Motors sell cars?
The answer:
Cars will be sold from specialized facilities distributed across the
United States. These local facilities will not only stimulate local
economies, they will be a source of pride for the entire community.
Local Motors will create an aspirational experience of scarcity driven
demand whereby the local factory will create a Wonka-like fascination
with its products and methods. Not only will it sell its cars, but it
will sell the experience of people being able to visit and watch their
car being "born."
Now, the factory, long the guilty, throw-a-tarp-om-it, or at least put
it on the edge of town, is now one of the sites of meaning manufacture.
Whether Local Motors can actually capture Wonka-like fascination
remains to be seen, but perhaps for car enthusiasts and design lovers,
this is not so hard. In any case, the process of meaning manufacture is
as different here as is the process of physical manufacture.
Clearly, an exercise like this still takes lots of capital. But this
model of car making feels like a return to the early days of the auto
biz. When the game was played locally, by small players, with a massive
amount of tinkering, and lots of participation from the owner. What an
interesting experiment. The old dog learns new tricks.
For the Local Motors website, go here.
Thanks to Alan Moore for telling me about Local Motors this morning.
See Alan?s website here.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Grant McCracken using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-10 15:58:44
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] When Online and Offline collide (or collude) - at 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: When Online and Offline collide
(or collude) - at ScienceOnline2010 [A Blog Around The Clock] via
ScienceBlogs : Combined Feed by Coturnix none at example.com on 1/10/10
A number of sessions at the Conference are looking at sociological
aspects of the Web and science. I have already pointed, in quite a lot
of detail, to the session on civility and politeness, as well as
several other sessions that touch on the topics of language and trust.
Let's look at several others that approach the social aspects of
science online (and offline) from different angles:
Casting a wider net: Promoting gender and ethnic diversity in STEM -
D.N.Lee and Anne Jefferson
Description: We will introduce programs that attract wider audiences to
science, math, and engineering at various institutions/education
levels, programs that mentor students (high school, undergrad & grad
students) in research and education excellence. How Social Media tools
can be used to raise the profile of and build support networks for
under-represented scientists and engineers. Discuss here
The Importance of Meatspace: Science Motels, science freelancing and
science coworking - Brian Russell and Pawe? Szcz?sny
Description: Science careers and science workplaces are undergoing
dramatic change, driven by internal shifts in the practice of science
and external shifts in labor markets and workplace design and
management. This session will be split into two sections. The first
half will explore the shift from freelance scientists to virtual
contract research organization, and explore alternative models for
R&D. The second half will explore possible models for science motels
and science coworking, building on the "research cloud" scenario
presented in the Institute for the Future's "Future Knowledge
Ecosystems" report, released in 2009 as part of the Research Triangle
Park's 50th anniversary. We will use a group brainstorming process to
develop a map of ideas about how freelancer scientists, virtual CROs
and flexible lab/workspaces may co-evolve in over the coming decade.
Discuss here
Privacy, ethics, and disasters: how being online as a doctor changes
everything - Pal MD and Val Jones.
Description: We all know that there are potential pitfalls to having a
prominent online presence, but for physicians, the implications affect
more than just themselves. How should doctors and similar professionals
manage their online life? What are the ethical and legal implications?
Discuss here.
Legal Aspects of publishing, sharing and blogging science - Victoria
Description: Not giving legal advice, but discussion of CC-licences,
copyright, Fair Use, libel laws, etc. Discuss here.
Citizen Science - Darlene Cavalier, Scott Baker and Ben MacNeill
Description: Not so long ago, "citizen scientist" would have seemed to
be a contradiction in terms. Science is traditionally something done by
people in lab coats who hold PhDs. As with classical music or acting,
amateurs might be able to appreciate science, but they could not
contribute to it. Today, however, enabled by technology and empowered
by social change, science-interested laypeople are transforming the way
science gets done. Through a myriad of different projects, citizen
scientists are collaborating with professionals, conducting field
studies, and adding valuable local detail to research. Discuss here.
An Open History of Science - John McKay and Eric Michael Johnson
Description: We will be talking about how the history of science and
the history of the open-access movement have intersected. Steven
Johnson touches on this theme in his latest book, The Invention of Air,
in that 18th century British polymath Joseph Priestley was a strong
advocate of publishing scientific data widely in order to create a
greater dialogue between scientists. While Johnson only mentions this
briefly in the case of Priestley, this theme runs strongly through the
history of science and is what makes the debate over the patenting of
genes or the availability of open-access journals such important topics
today. Discuss here.
Web Science: An examination of the World Wide Web and how it is
transforming our society - Arikia Millikan and Nate Silver
Description: Web Science is an emerging field that attempts to study
how people use the Web and communicate with each other through what is
considered the "largest human information construct in history". In
this session we will discuss what exactly the Web is, how it is
evolving based on user behavior, and how things like search engines,
blogs, and social networking tools are shaping the society in which we
live. We will also explore how to analyze the Web, and what we can do
to actively take part in its construction to ensure that it continues
to benefit society. Discuss here.
Martin Luther King, Jr., Memorial Session: Engaging underrepresented
groups in online science media - David Kroll and Damond Nollan
Description: The conference timing may keep some attendees away in
their hometowns participating in local MLK activities. Therefore, we
are introducing a session to promote the principles of Dr King in the
context of online science communication: promoting social justice and
eliminating racism in areas ranging from healthcare to scientific
career paths. We plan to take a different angle from the blogging about
gender/race session: how do we cultivate emerging science writers from
underrepresented groups to promote science, for example, in areas of
health disparities (i.e., diabetes, substance abuse, prostate cancer)
and in providing opportunities to increase the number of
underrepresented minorities in science, technology, engineering, and
mathematics careers. Locally in Durham, North Carolina, efforts are
underway through the non-profit Kramden Institute to start by making
newly-refurbished computers available to honors students in underserved
school districts as a model for what can be done nationally. We'll also
be represented by local IT and social media folks who are setting up
the infrastructure to make internet access more affordable and
accessible. Any advice, comments or ideas are welcome from attendees,
especially if you engage with underrepresented groups in your
respective line of online or offline work. Discuss here.
Read the comments on this post...
Also check out the featured ScienceBlog of the week: Starts With a Bang
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to ScienceBlogs : Combined Feed using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-10 16:17:22
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Top 10 Forecasts for 2010 and Beyond 
Note number 2.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Top 10 Forecasts for 2010 and
Beyond via Britannica Blog by THE FUTURIST on 1/3/10
The World Future Society has released to the public more than 250
forecasts from the magazine, over the last three years, including its
top ten forecasts from Outlook 2010.
The OUTLOOK 2010 report from THE FUTURIST magazine, a bimonthly
magazine published continuously since 1967 by the World Future Society,
examines the key trends in technology, the environment, the economy,
international relations, etc., in order to paint a full and credible
portrait of our likely future. The report is meant as a ?what if?
survey of current trends and technologies, not a batch of absolute
predictions. But over the years, Outlook has spotlighted the emergence
of such epochal developments as the Internet, virtual reality, the end
of the Cold War, and the subprime fallout.
Here are ten of the most provocative forecasts from this year?s report,
all pulled from recent issues of our magazine:
1. Your phone will tell you when you?re in love. Mobile devices are
enabling new spontaneous connections in real-world settings, including
love connections. One day soon, your phone will play matchmaker,
recommending that you introduce yourself to someone nearby whose online
profile displays tastes or passions similar to yours. Impossible? An
iPhone application called Serendipity is currently being commercialized
by MIT researchers. -Erica Orange, ?Mining Information from the Data
Clouds,? July-Aug 2009, p. 17
2. In the design economy of the future, people will download and print
their own products, including auto parts, jewelry, and even the kitchen
sink. Rapid prototyping, or 3-D printing, and devices like the RepRap
self-reproducing printer are allowing people to design, customize, and
print objects from their home computers. In the future, cheaper
versions of these devices could disrupt manufacturing business models,
resulting in far cheaper products individually tailored to every
customer?s desire. -Thomas A. Easton, ?The Design Economy,? Jan-Feb
2009, p. 43
3. The era of brain-to-brain telepathy dawns. Neuroscientist David
Poeppel says that telepathic communication between brains is possible,
so long as ?communication? is understood to be electromagnetic signals
and not words. Technologies like magnetoencephalography, which pick up
the various signals the brain sends out, could be used to pick up
specific signals and convey them. If you could train your brain to
signal in Morse code, sensors in a helmet could pick up the message and
send it to another helmet. -Patrick Tucker, ?Reinventing Morality,?
Jan-Feb 2009, p. 23
4. Tomorrow?s inventors will spend their days writing descriptions of
the problems they want to solve, and then letting computers find the
solutions. Invention programs like Gregory Hornby?s ?evolutionary
algorithm? have been used to invent real-world objects, such as a
special space antenna, based entirely on engineering specifications.
Continued advances will increasingly rely on cross-fertilization
between the fields of biology and computer science. As a result, we
will develop not only software that can produce better inventions but
also inventions that are able to adapt to their environments. -Robert
Plotkin, ?The Automation of Invention,? July-Aug 2009, p. 24
5. Micronations built on artificial islands will dramatically shift the
face of global politics. New forms of government and unusual political
models will begin to emerge, including corporate nation-states,
religious states, tax-free zones, single-function countries,
cause-related countries, and even rental nation-states, where
organizations can ?rent a country? for a year or two to test a specific
project. -Thomas Frey, ?Own Your Own Island Nation,? May-June 2009, p.
6. Young people will read more, and the old will play more video games.
The 2007 American Time Use Survey from the Bureau of Labor Statistics
revealed some surprising findings. In 2007, adults aged 75 and older
spent nearly twice as much time playing video games (about 20 minutes)
as they did in 2006. Teens aged 15?19 spent twice as much time reading
as they did before (about 14 minutes) and less time using a computer
for games or casual surfing. -World Trends & Forecasts, Nov-Dec 2008,
p. 14
7. Ammonia may become the fuel of choice for cars by 2020. As a
candidate source for hydrogen used in fuel cells, ammonia (comprising
one nitrogen and three hydrogen atoms) is plentiful, easier to liquefy
than methane, and emits nitrogen rather than carbon, thus having fewer
negative impacts on the climate. -J. Storrs Hall, ?Ammonia, the Fuel of
the Future,? Sep-Oct 2009, p. 10
8. Algae may become the new oil. According to researchers at a
Department of Energy plant in New Mexico, single-celled microalgae,
grown in pond water, produce a biofuel that is lead-free and
biodegradable, emits two-thirds less carbon dioxide and other
pollutants than gasoline, and can run any modern diesel engine. Even
better, algae require only a fraction of the land area of
biofuel-producing crops. -Robert McIntyre, ?Algae?s Powerful Future,?
Mar-Apr 2009, p. 25
9. Radical methods of altering the planet may be the only way to
prevent the worst effects of climate change. Geoengineering may be
inevitable because, even if humans could instantly end all greenhouse
gas emissions, global temperatures would continue to increase for the
next 20?30 years, triggering feedback loops and more warming. Potential
megascale geoengineering projects include sending space mirrors into
orbit, sequestering carbon in the ground in biomass charcoal, and
increasing the amount of carbon that the ocean can absorb by forcing
plankton blooms in the seas. -Jamais Cascio, author of Hacking the
Earth, reviewed by Bob Olson, July-Aug 2009, p. 51
10. The existence of extraterrestrial life will be confirmed or
conclusively denied within a generation. New space missions and
advanced computer technology could confirm the existence of
extraterrestrials soon. Scientists using NASA?s Spitzer Space Telescope
have found that at least 20%?and perhaps as many as 60%?of Sun-like
stars could have rocky planets. Next generation, AI-driven space probes
may allow us to plot the location of every planetary body in the known
universe. Among the more than 300 extra-solar worlds already
discovered, probably one has some form of life, according to Dimitar
Sasselov, an astronomer and director of Harvard University?s Origins of
Life Initiative. -Gregory Georgiou, ?The Real Life Search for E.T.
Heats Up,? Nov-Dec 2008, p. 20
* * *
All of these forecasts plus dozens more were included in the report
that scanned the best writing and research from THE FUTURIST magazine
over the course of the previous year.
This year, THE FUTURIST has also made public the contents from Outlook
2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009, more than 250 forecasts in all relating to
2010 and beyond.
The Society hopes this report, covering developments in business and
economics, demography, energy, the environment, health and medicine,
resources, society and values, and technology, will assist its readers
in preparing for the challenges and opportunities in the coming decade.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Britannica Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-10 20:44:27
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 90 Percent Of Languages Will Be Extinct Next Century 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: 90 Percent Of Languages Will Be
Extinct Next Century - And That's Good [Future Linguistics] via io9 by
Alasdair Wilkins on 1/7/10
Linguist and conservative commentator John McWhorter estimates the
6,000 languages spoken today will dwindle to only 600 next century. He
argues that this is part of a process that will confer economic and
health benefits to the affected speakers.
His main point is that the vast, vast majority of threatened languages
are those spoken by isolated indigenous groups, and that these
languages are, in fact, a driving force of their isolation. The
language barrier prevents the absorption of such groups into the larger
society, and this often leaves those affected in significantly worse
economic conditions than their neighbors that speak the majority
McWhorter outlines how the pursuit of a better life can often mean
leaving one's ancestral language behind:
As people speaking indigenous languages migrate to cities, inevitably
they learn globally dominant languages like English and use them in
their interactions with one another. The immigrants' children may use
their parents' indigenous languages at home. But they never know those
languages as part of their public life, and will therefore be more
comfortable with the official language of the world they grow up in.
For the most part, they will speak this language to their own children.
These children will not know the indigenous languages of their
grandparents, and thus pretty soon they will not be spoken. This is
language death.
The controversial part is where he questions the importance of keeping
endangered languages alive. To be sure, he feels languages should be
recorded and preserved, something for which modern technology
thankfully allows, but he questions the wisdom of investing huge
amounts of financial and human resources in ensuring groups continue to
speak the language of their ancestors. Many such languages are
extraordinarily difficult for non-native speakers to learn, which can
hugely complicate the task of professional linguists who try to teach
these languages. When the main motivation to keep a language alive is a
relatively abstract, aesthetic one, it may prove impossible to turn the
tide on language death. McWhorter compares the task to stopping ice
from melting.
He does acknowledge, however, that there are good historical reasons
for people to feel wary of this process, including the growing
universality of English:
Obviously, the discomfort with English "taking over" is due to
associations with imperialism, first on the part of the English and
then, of course, the American behemoth. We cannot erase from our minds
the unsavory aspects of history. Nor should we erase from our minds the
fact that countless languages-such as most of the indigenous languages
of North America and Australia-have become extinct not because of
something as abstract and gradual as globalization, but because of
violence, annexation, and cultural extermination. But we cannot change
that history, nor is it currently conceivable how we could arrange for
some other language to replace the growing universality of English.
He also takes some time to consider the argument that languages should
remain alive because they encode unique cultural worldviews. He
suggests that, although languages are obviously key features of what
make cultures distinct, it is a mistake to overstate how much they
encode thought patterns unique to its speakers.
To illustrate this point, he considers an appraisal of the recently
extinct Alaskan language Eyak:
One school of thought proposes that there is more than mere chance in
how a language's words emerge, and that if we look closely we see
culture peeping through. For example, in its obituary for Eyak, the
Economist proposed that the fact that kultahl meant both leaf and
feather signified a cultural appreciation of the unique spiritual
relationship of trees and birds. But in English we use hover to refer
both to the act of waiting, suspended, in the air and the act of
staying close to a mate at a cocktail party to ward off potential
rivals. Notice how much less interesting that is to us than the bit
about the Eyak and leaves and feathers.
As someone with a smattering of linguistics background, I'm not
necessarily convinced by everything McWhorter puts forth, but his paper
is well worth reading for a somewhat heterodox perspective on language
death and how it will fit with our other cultural priorities in the
next hundred years.
[World Affairs Journal]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to io9 using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-10 22:44:58
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Eurogene.eu: Open Community for Medical Genetics 
Cool model for domain specific knowledge portal based on open systems
and open data.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Eurogene.eu: Open Community for
Medical Genetics via ScienceRoll by berci.mesko at gmail.com (Bertalan
Mesk?) on 1/10/10
A new initiative called EUROGENE is an open community portal which
provides a vast amount of multimedia educational materials in the field
of genetic medicine. Authors and educators can freely use it to publish
and organize their own materials or to create new teaching courses.
There are now almost 90,000 content units on the site.
There is a domain specific Ontology as well as advanced multilingual
search tools that can guide users in the editing and ?assembly? of
educational packages. Thanks to the use of the Eurogene Ontology, these
materials are annotated with the relevant concepts and automatically
correlated to all the other related content on the system.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to ScienceRoll using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-11 13:33:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 950 dollar 3D printer (open source) 
CES 2010: Open Source 3-D Printer
Turns Designs Into Objects
Wired Jan. 8, 2009
MakerBot's Cupcake CNC 3-D Printer,
an open-source, $950 kit, allows the
user to fabricate small objects of
virtually any shape in plastic....

@_date: 2010-01-12 00:12:49
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Synthesis of Complexity Theory 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Synthesis of Complexity Theory
via The Emergent Fool by Rafe Furst on 1/11/10
As careful readers of this blog will note, I?ve been obsessed with Alex
Ryan?s visualization of the way new levels of organization come into
being (e.g. atoms ?> molecules ?> cells, etc). In an attempt to
complement and extend his model, here?s a visualization of how I think
of the various concepts coming together:
First off, I know that this may not make sense to most people. The
relationships implied by proximity, color, dimension, etc are not
totally accurate. The problem is, I?ve reached the limit of my personal
ability to create a good visualization. So I?m throwing this out there
half-baked hoping that the crowd (that?s you) will help bring this
together in a more coherent way.
I?m especially interested in hearing from people who have great design
skills. If you don?t, then at the least you can ask probing questions
to suss out the sources of confusion, which will then feed into the
redesign process.
A more detailed explication of these concepts can be found by drilling
down through this roadmap.
Related posts:
- Complex Systems Concept Summary
- Generalized Evolutionary Theory
- Economics Must Reflect Complexity
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Emergent Fool using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-12 05:48:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Can Marxian Economics Explain the Crisis? 
Marx's sociology--the class struggle, is an interesting historical insight.
As an economist, the standard wrap, which I agree with, is that there are no
falsifiable claims made.  In the end, it became religion or political
ideal...a hope or rallying point.  Nothing wrong with that, just not
economic theory and maybe that is a so what critique.
What someone might need to do is to take Marx into a set of assertions and
systematically test them in such a way that they can be shown to be usually
right or usually wrong.  I personally don't think such a task is feasible
given the way Marx presented his work.  But I am no expert.  Personally, as
I have said, I think little of the 18th century or 19th century is
relevant...particularly after Keynes General Theory which crushed classical
economics--the basis of Marxism as much as neoliberalism.  But that is
perhaps my own religion.  It is a demonstrable theory however that can be
relatively easily tested for truth or falsehood by anyone who believes or
doesn't believe it.

@_date: 2010-01-12 08:39:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] OSS did not create any substantial number of 
There are few different issues here:
1. Economic value of OSS
2. Employment caused by OSS
3. Economic Production caused by OSS
1 and 3 can be quite different.  OSS may have been hugely valuable but in
itself did not create much income.  The same could be said of the Internet
infrastructure, for example.  Cisco and AT&T are big deals, but a tiny
fraction of the implications economically of the Internet.
In the same way, employment can be direct or indirect.  Kevin is hinting at
this too.  Direct employment may be low but indirect employment may be very
high.  Again, that would be fine in economic terms.
The same arguments apply more generally to P2P or any shared infrastructure
(e.g. an airport in a city).  The direct economic impacts are relevant but
Another way topic is to consider the general causes of value.  This is
harder and more controversial.  But the relevance to P2P is very high
because it almost immediately starts to open questions about intellectual
property, patents, etc.  No market theorist can explain patents.  They
simply don't fit any classical economic models at all.  Having the king
grant a right is a complete chimera meant to alter markets not enable them.
Is it true the such distortions raise value?  Possibly.  But that doesn't
mean they are economically beneficial.  Having highly specialized stock
market rules raises the value of Wall Street traders but it
doesn't necessarily increase economic output.
My own view is that the greatest economic production is achieved by having
strong, readily available infrastructure and ready access to a broad
spectrum of enabling technologies at low cost.  Whether these are free,
open, etc. is a nit.  Cheap is as a good as open to me.  It's all about
barriers to productivity and access.  The rest is religion.  Low cost and
low fees for seeing the code are little different than open.  What is costly
to society is the right to protect information for long times without any
general benefit.  This rewards innovation too much.

@_date: 2010-01-12 11:41:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The evolution of P2P science... 
The following is from here:
5. *Hunter-gatherer approaches where large groups collect massive clinical
and genomic information and expect that they as the data generator will be
the data analyzer*. Funding of large cohort studies like the famous
?Framingham Heart Study? that has been following the health of patients in
Framingham, MA for more than 60 years have been extremely valuable. The old
methods used for these studies assumed that the analysis would be done by
the small group of primary collectors of the samples and data. This model,
too, will be fading as distributed groups of scientists evolve the knowledge
faster and more efficiently than those who generated the data. Remember,
this is already how physicists work today. Also remember Jim Gray of
Microsoft Research, and his ideas on ?The Fourth Paradigm,? which says that
scientific theory, experimentation, and large-scale computational simulation
will begin to interact and reinforce each other in ways that will speed up
scientific progress.
We will need to do biology research in fundamentally different social
contexts as we move into this next decade. This means biologists will need
to start pooling their knowledge through social networking channels, not
unlike how computer scientists have long done for open source software
*Stephen H. Friend is president, CEO and a co-founder of Sage Bionetworks,
an international genomic research collaborative. *

@_date: 2010-01-12 19:23:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 2010 will be a hot year in the US 
It is fair to classify him as a political (not economic) liberal.  He is
well-known for dystopian futurism and a great amount of criticism of
conventional modern America.  I know this because having heard my views
people have several times referred me to his work.  He has written in and
around the Atlantic (a magazine I consider America's best) for a number of
years.  He's a well-known center-left intellectual in the sort of Ivy League
sense of the term intellectual.  I have looked at his blog and some of his
books...The Geography of Nowhere...probably 10 years ago.  Maybe 15.
Sentimentalism for a post-WW2 middle class America is also fair...I share
that particular sentimentality.

@_date: 2010-01-13 08:09:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 2010 will be a hot year in the US 
Very well said.  I agree completely.  I grow tired of the whole
juxtaposition of central versus distributed as if it is some sort of war.
It should be a symphony.  The hate of the left for "capitalism" is as
destructive as the "ism" itself.

@_date: 2010-01-13 08:39:41
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] lightfoot book sharing ? 
George Siemens was quite rightly railing on this not long ago...I copied it
Getting angry at universities is like getting angry at governments.  The
institutions are on auto-pilot.  Not much to be done.  I think there are a
fair number of fairly moral people caught up in too often bad systems.
There is room for hope but not much without continued painful crisis.  That
makes reformers tread the tricky moral ground of wondering whether they
should hope for ...or even enable crisis.
The alternative, which is what typically support, is to hope technology
causes sea change.  Someone like James Howard Kunstler, discussed in another
thread, sees the crises as inevitable and imminent regardless.  That's more
conventional dystopia...sort of like the long suffering Marxist variety
...a lot of praying for the 2nd coming as far as I'm concerned.  If it helps
you sleep at night, go for it.
It would be nice to see university faculty get their acts together on open
information, and it is happening in a few places, but the system is strong
and the opposition is very frail and frightened.  Half are bought off by
tenure sinecures to insouciance, the other half (and growing proportion) are
terrified they won't catch the gravy train as more and more bookish refuges
reach out their babies and their hands for ride.
As that second half gets more and more treated like industrial workers, they
are less and less likely to try alternative approaches.  As usual, it is up
to the students to innovate.  Given their extreme financial pressures at
even state institutions and the seeming necessity of a college education,
rocking the boat is unlikely.  Remember that almost all the powerful student
movements start at low cost institutions.  There are very good reasons for
this.  Tires are rarely found burning in streets where real estate prices
are high.  They made the buildings out of stone because they were wise, not
because they loved knowledge.

@_date: 2010-01-13 10:14:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 1992 versus 2010 -- Haiti 
When war broke out in the Gulf some 20 years ago, CNN made its mark by being
the go-to source for news.
Last night, while the Caribbean wondered what had happened in Haiti, CNN
showed pictures of maps and then resorted to Skype, Facebook and Twitter to
get news.
It would be absurd not to call these P2P technologies in ascendance.
Twitter has yet to make a dime.  Facebook will never be profitable...nor
will Skype.  How are these not wins?

@_date: 2010-01-13 12:25:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 1992 versus 2010 -- Haiti 
That is what I meant, but I also meant that it is the peer to peer aspect
where the value lies, not in the corporate component and yet people are
still doing the projects...what is more, there are a whole raft of other
similar sorts of no value proposition (in a corporate sense) projects not
far behind.  The Kurzweil reader which I copied here is only one example.
I've seen several others.
I take this as evidence that profit is dying except for commodity
monopolies.  More important than what is dying, it is the rise of something
far more powerful.  My wife told me she turned off CNN (after I had gone to
bed) because Facebook had far newer stuff and what CNN was showing she'd
seen 2 hours earlier on Facebook.  That is extraordinary...and profound.
Even if FB or Twitter went out of business, they'd now be reconstituted as
co-ops almost certainly.  I think we often forget that the Internet and the
standards body that made it were effectively co-ops.  People like my old
acquaintance Scott Bradner at Harvard spent untold hours putting the details
into those proposed standards.  It worked.  The same thing is now happening
with information in general.
I am not against profits.  But I am against profits for the sake of
profits.  We simply don't understand the world yet where they don't exist in
a dominant way.   It is coming fairly quickly, however.
I talked to someone doing Zip cars by the way...said it is fantastic.

@_date: 2010-01-14 17:26:27
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Haiti and debt 
Should reparations be paid by France back to Haiti?
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Haiti and debt via Chris
Blattman by Chris Blattman on 1/14/10
After a dramatic slave uprising that shook the western world, and 12
years of war, Haiti finally defeated Napoleon?s forces in 1804 and
declared independence. But France demanded reparations: 150m francs, in
For Haiti, this debt did not signify the beginning of freedom, but the
end of hope. Even after it was reduced to 60m francs in the 1830s, it
was still far more than the war-ravaged country could afford. Haiti was
the only country in which the ex-slaves themselves were expected to pay
a foreign government for their liberty. By 1900, it was spending 80% of
its national budget on repayments.
In order to manage the original reparations, further loans were taken
out ? mostly from the United States, Germany and France. Instead of
developing its potential, this deformed state produced a parade of
nefarious leaders, most of whom gave up the insurmountable task of
trying to fix the country and looted it instead.
In 1947, Haiti finally paid off the original reparations, plus
interest. Doing so left it destitute, corrupt, disastrously lacking in
investment and politically volatile. Haiti was trapped in a downward
spiral, from which it is still impossible to escape. It remains
hopelessly in debt to this day.
Emphasis mine. From the London Times. Hat tip to Naunihal.
Having such a heavy weight round one?s neck is an onerous thing. But I
would still look into early governance patterns and power relations,
land distribution, and social control for clues to Haiti long struggle
against poverty and disaster.
I am reminded of Coffee and Power, by Jeffrey Paige, that looks at the
widely different paths four Central American nations took due to
(somewhat idiosyncratic) patterns of land distribution and control for
coffee production. Coffee is one of those rare crops that produces
profitably at several levels of scale. Costa Rica, which opted for
smallholder production, would soar, while Guatemala, which moved
towards haciendas and plantations, would crumble. This area remains
I?m conscious that historical ruminating is callous at a time of
crisis. At the same time, the reason why we keep hearing that Haiti is
devastated by earthquakes and hurricanes, and the Dominican Republic or
Bahamas is not: one has remained poor and badly governed, while the
other has not. There are nearly 20 earthquakes of similar magnitude a
year on the planet. In some nations disasters kill masses, while in
others they merely damage (and so don?t make the news).
In the meantime, my brother tells me that translators (Creole ones,
especially) are the relief resource most scarce at the moment. If you
speak it, maybe consider a trip. Otherwise, do consider giving.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Chris Blattman using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-14 13:42:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] User Freedom and the Purpose of Profit 
In my opinion, you are both exactly on point.
The underlying issue is risk...or said another way, trust.  The problem of
capital (real capital is money not stuff) is that there are uncertain
returns.  In the past, the uncertainly is managed (by management) and the
fee for managing that risk is a percentage of profit.  Now, and with the
newly planned Internet 2.0 of post-Spam, etc. due in about 10 years, we have
almost instant access to demand and information for thousands of
non-commodity industries...
Malcolm Gladwell's little story on Popeil and Ronco was spot on this point.
It was already happening in 1950 as efficient pitchmen disintermediated
corporations.  It is now universal.
What is happening is that profit risk is less manageable and the tendency of
consumption (a consumption function) is approaching a price of zero because
people can get replacement items for free (the core of P2P theory).  The
result of these two trends is businesses like Twitter and outcomes like
Whether this is good or bad is of less interest to me personally than the
fact that it is happening.  I am all for morality, but moralists through the
centuries have led fairly unhappy lives of disappointment.  Now, the
momentum of history is starting to be on that side...based on
technology...not on hopes of human goodness.  The outcome is just the same.
It will be very hard...probably impossible to stop that momentum.
Corrupt university textbook practices that tie an industry to a bookstore to
a professor to a writer start to break down because technology intervenes.
Now that is a petty corruption, but that's just the point.  Petty
corruptions (market inefficiencies, really) are harder to maintain.
Disruptive disintermediation makes profit planning harder and thus projects
are not initiated through the normal credit cycle of the market economy--the
credit economy.  Credit dries up, but yet stuff happens.  How?  Because
people do projects whether they profit or not...right now they think they
are doing them prospective of profit, but I guarantee you that EZ didn't do
Facebook to become a billionaire.  Neither did the Twitter or
even the Google guys hope to profit significantly.  Maybe their VC's did,
but the VCs are a day late.  They're confused as to what is happening
because they are getting close to being disintermediated themselves.
That is very exciting.  Investment (which was meant to gain returns based on
risk assumption) is harder...because real risks cannot be managed and the
old manageable risks are being subsumed by new technologies and approaches.
The outcome is a system of abundance...including abundance of risk
sharing--a mutual or co-op model.  With minimal barriers of operations (the
things that cause mutual insurance companies to de-mutualize) there will be
more and more human needs filled by co-operative arrangements.  This is the
P2P revolution.  It is actually happening all around us.  We aren't seeing
the forest for the trees.
Who would pay for a browser if you can participate in Mozilla for minimal
cost?  Who would buy an encyclopedia if Wikipedia is trustworthy?  Who would
by a textbook if Yale or Harvard gives theirs away for free?  Who would
spend money for design and style in a car if that design is open and readily
available to a manufacturer in a low labor cost market?  As robotics drives
labor costs to zero, and as 3d printing starts doing everything from body
organs (organovo) to small mechnical parts...even the risks of production
are eliminated.
My guess is that most profit now is due to marketing risk.  Take away major
media costs (and the fastest shrinking industry in the US now is
advertising) and you will eliminate even more profit-earning risk
prospects.  Consequently, fewer and fewer investments will be logical.
Instead, people will co-op.  The last barrier is commodities.  If peak oil
makes transportation expensive, that will shatter fast.

@_date: 2010-01-14 16:19:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Haiti and debt 
I completely agree the debt should be cancelled.  The facts are not what
Alternet would have you believe.  I am not defending the U.S. which has let
Haiti languish nearby, but it is certainly not the holder of most or even
much Haitian debt.  The U.S. is guilty by omission, not commission.
In fact, I think Haiti was the very first nation put on the HIPC program of
the IMF when it started.
More importantly, the organization that loans most money in Haiti (and the
Caribbean) is the IDB...which is majority run by debt holders...and is a
model for advanced governance throughout the world (and an organization
whose function I am fairly familiar with).
Unfortunately, Haiti kept digging its own grave, but started deep in a
colonial hole started by France.  Duvalier was a classic crook, but we was
strongly enabled...not so much by the U.S. as by France and Switzerland.
This is typically compared to the Dominican Republic, where the U.S.
empowered and then threw out Trujillo and the economy there, while sickly
and corrupt, is about 10x stronger than Haiti's.  Fortunately for the DR,
they got out from under the French debt and were doing OK by the time
Trujillo came along.  The U.S. tolerated Trujillo because he was a barrier
to communism during the WW2 era.  The DR is a relatively happy place...and
really has very little colonial yoke at all.

@_date: 2010-01-16 17:54:49
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Willow Garage announces PR2 Beta program 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Willow Garage announces PR2
Beta program via Artificial Intelligence and Robotics by Awesom-o on
Willow Garage are doing exactly as they promised a few years ago and
earlier today they announced the Personal Robot 2 (PR2) beta program
opening the door for scientific institutions worldwide to get free
access to one robot.
The company is now accepting proposals from any interested groups of
researchers from anywhere in the world for the opportunity to be given
full and free access to one PR2 for research in home, open source,
humanoid robotics. This is the same robot that a few months ago was
demonstrated to navigate flawlessly through an office-like environment
opening doors, and seeking out power outlets for recharging its
batteries (learn how the PR2 works.) Other than the hardware, Willow
Garage are also putting a lot of resources behind the development of
the Robot Operating System (ROS) and OpenCV. What they want from the
researchers who are eventually selected to receive the robots is, other
than to do some great research, to develop lots of open source software.
The call for proposals states,
By making the PR2 platforms available to researchers and developers,
Willow Garage's objectives for this beta program are fourfold:
- enable scientific breakthroughs in personal robotics
- expand the open source robotics community
- develop reusable components and tools
- explore new applications for personal robotsWillow Garage?s goal is
to facilitate progress in the area of personal robotics, and to develop
a world-wide community of researchers and developers contributing to
open-source. Willow Garage works to facilitate progress in the area of
personal robotics by sponsoring community-building activities and
events, internship programs and visiting scholars.
Well done and good luck to all who apply. You can read the CFP
here.Scientific Memory Games: Improve your cognitive abilities.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Artificial Intelligence and Robotics using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-16 15:59:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Haiti and debt 
On Sat, Jan 16, 2010 at 1:25 PM, Kevin Carson <
The trouble with cancelling debts is that it is real money and someone must
In the case of the IDB, the debts are sold to banks the world over to back
savings, etc. They are AAA rated.  If you cancel Haiti's debt, someone must
pay for Duvalier's crimes.  Should it be a saver in Taiwan or Tokyo?  That
hardly seems fair.  The IDB is controlled by debtor nations.  If they carry
the brunt, then those nations get less credit.
The trouble is with debt default in general is that someone ultimately pays.
 The US and many of its states, not to mention the UK, Japan and other
industrial/non-commodity nations are in the same place.  Debt is killing
On NAFTA, it was a huge benefit to Mexico and especially Canada.  It was
disasterous for US industry which will probably never recover.  US farmers
also took a hit. The real winners were Canada where it led to great wealth
creation.  Canada has 10% of the US population but 35% of the pharmaceutical
production, etc.   It is the largest oil exporter to the US.  NAFTA has been
a huge positive jolt to their economy.  Compare Vancouver and Seattle...20
years ago Seattle was much better.  Now it isn't close...Vancouver is much
In Mexico, corruption took much of the money out of the system though
standards of living there definitely rose sharply.  In genral, free trade is
bad for developed nations and good for developing ones.   The irony of this
is that both sides thought the opposite.  If Africa could become a free
trade zone with Europe, Africa would take off.  That's why it will never
happen.  Strawberries grow quite well Mozambique.  So would cell phones.

@_date: 2010-01-17 17:01:14
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slavoj Zizek - Worlds biggest problems 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Slavoj Zizek - Worlds biggest
problems via Best Free Documentaries by Dmitry Davydov on 1/17/10
Link of the day - I will pay you $25, if you come up with a cool domain
name for me.
Slavoj ?i?ek is a Slovenian continental philosopher and critical
theorist working in the traditions of Hegelianism, Marxism and Lacanian
psychoanalysis. He has made contributions to political theory, film
theory, and theoretical psychoanalysis.
?i?ek is a senior researcher at the Institute of Sociology, University
of Ljubljana, Slovenia and a professor at the European Graduate School.
He has been a visiting professor at, among others, the University of
Chicago, Columbia, London Consortium, Princeton, The New School, the
University of Minnesota, the University of California, Irvine and the
University of Michigan. He is currently the International Director of
the Birkbeck Institute for the Humanities at Birkbeck, University of
London and president of the Society for Theoretical Psychoanalysis,
?i?ek uses examples from popular culture to explain the theory of
Jacques Lacan and uses Lacanian psychoanalysis, Hegelian philosophy and
Marxist politico-economic critique to interpret social phenomena. He
writes on many topics including subjectivity, ideology, capitalism,
fundamentalism, racism, tolerance, multiculturalism, human rights,
ecology, globalization, the Iraq War, revolution, utopianism,
totalitarianism, postmodernism, popular culture, opera, cinema,
political theology, and religion.
First As Tragedy, Then As Farce by Slavoj Zizek
In Defense of Lost Causes
Interrogating the Real
Link of the day - I will pay you $25, if you come up with a cool domain
name for me.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Best Free Documentaries using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-17 17:34:55
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Senegal offers free land to Haitians 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Senegal offers free land to
Haitians via AMERICAblog News by Chris in Paris on 1/17/10
This is not an offer you see every day.Senegal's octogenarian President
Abdoulaye Wade told a meeting of his advisers that Haitians are the
sons and daughters of Africa, because the country was founded by
slaves, including some believed to have come from Senegal.
"The president is offering voluntary repatriation to any Haitian that
wants to return to their origin," said Wade's spokesman Mamadou Bemba
Ndiaye late Saturday following the president's announcement.
"Senegal is ready to offer them parcels of land ? even an entire
region. It all depends on how many Haitians come. If it's just a few
individuals, then we will likely offer them housing or small pieces of
land. If they come en masse we are ready to give them a region," he
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to AMERICAblog News using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-17 13:19:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Haiti and debt 
Very true and little known...also something of an issue in the larger
Caribbean...especially Cuba.
The case of French culpability is being made in several good blogs right
now.  I think the case of the world beginning to deal with its colonialism
crimes is starting in earnest.  I hope all the guilty parties act to make
In my opinion, the Red Cross is doing the best job of immediate relief.
Architecture for Humanity is doing the best macro-planning.

@_date: 2010-01-18 00:00:19
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Economics of nanotech and AI 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Economics of nanotech and AI
via Next Big Future by noreply at blogger.com (bw) on 1/17/10
Robin Hanson forecasting the next mode of growth.
Mode Doubling Date Began Doubles Doubles Grows Time (DT) To Dominate of
DT of WP ---------- --------- ----------- ------ ------- Brain size 34M
yrs 550M B.C. ? "~16" Hunters 230K yrs 2000K B.C. 7.2 8.7 Farmers 860
yrs 4700 B.C. 8.1 7.5 ?? 58 yrs 1730 3.9 3.2 Industry 15 yrs 1903 1.9
What if was like the industrial transition.
2067-2120 timing estimate
first adopter gains New mode Initial % Final % Brains <1% 20 Humans 5
100 Farming 10 40 Industry 20 50 ? ? ?
Knowledge was always key Five steps to Radical Production 1. Atomic
Precision 2. General Plants - like PCs beat signal processor. Scale
economy to make, easier design, efficient enough. More differentiation
faster evolution of products 3. Local Production 4. Usuallky idle 5.
Self reproduction Lower marginal costs goes then Costco model may be
better. Buy into a club to get lower price on a collection of items
Factor Shares of Income Labor, human capital, other non-human capital,
natural resources, stock dividends My Views on Singularity Yes General
machine intelligence will make huge difference Not soon - roughly 20 to
200 years Not Trend - econ growth has been steady not Local - an
integrated economy grows together, not basement takes over world Not
hand coded - probably brain emulation Not Horizon - we can see past if
fuzzier -new economy doubles weekly to monthly - natural wages fall
below Economics of Robots Staple of fiction if have more of X, do not
want Y more (complement) or less (substitute)? Machine as substitute to
human labor -ricardo 1821, most science fiction -wages fall to machine
cost Automation as complement to human labor -wicksell 1923, modern
econmomics consensus -wages have risen as automation cost have fallen
So are robots a substitute or complement? Robots substitute on task but
tasks are complements complement tasks - if certain tasks become nearly
free or lower value then the remaining tasks become more valuable. The
effect of a rising tide. the importance of the shape of the curve of
tasks versus human advantage. A simple robot growth model complex
growth model - many things shrinking or growing Hanson has worked on AI
before and thinks it was hard and is still hard. Thinks whole brain
emulation is hard but doable. Pivotal : What Ready Last 1. computing -
other techs fast or fine brain detail key - broad smooth anticipated
transition 2. Scanning (least likely) - large coalitions, first
dominates, diversify - most in future descend from one human 3.
Modeling - may be big surprise so disruptive change. Cheap for robots *
Immortal (even so most can't afford) * travel - transmit to new body
(but security) * Nature - don't need ecosystems * Labor - work less
tool intensive * copies - malthusian population explosion, rapid growth
- Wages may fall to fast falling hardware cost + depends on mental task
landscape shape + happens if they slave or if free + only draconian
population wage Emulations feel human *They remember a human
life *retain human tendencies -love, gossip, argue, sing, violate,play,
work, innovate *more alientated worlds - as were farms, factories -
office work in VR Humans Eclipsed * Wages well below human subsistence
- some humans may find servant jobs * but rich if held non-age assets
More implications *copies rent bodies or own on loan - evicted if can't
pay * to recoup trainin invetment copy cabal limits copy wage -
security to prevent bootleg copies * fast growth discourages transport
encourages local prodution <1 cm robots seem feasible one skyscraper
holds billions is megacity
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Next Big Future using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-18 08:05:02
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] why I'm not responding to internet messages 
Should anyone receive or have any information, I hope you will forward it
here as much as privacy allows.
Michel, get well soon!

@_date: 2010-01-19 18:51:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Repurposing Profit for User Freedom 
There are already large numbers of ways to do this.  Foundations, co-ops,
governments, trusts, etc.
If the argument is against profit as reward, you will lose.  No one wants to
hear that in the mainstreams of societies.  No one has ever really believed
that innovation and quality ought not to be rewarded for those who seek
rewards.  The attempt to norm societies away from that is utopian and
Technology can make profit extremely difficult--hard to achieve...and that
has the same effect.  The moral argument against profit is a non-starter.
The technological approach to not preserving profit is the P2P way forward.
It is happening whether we want it to or not.  It is a fact of history.
There is no need for political will.  What is needed is more technology
evolving faster and faster.  Ownership then becomes moot.

@_date: 2010-01-24 19:45:37
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Power Of Intuition 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Power Of Intuition via The
Daily Dish | By Andrew Sullivan by Andrew Sullivan on 1/24/10
Jonah Lehrer considers chess:
Although we tend to think of experts as being weighted down by
information, their intelligence dependent on a vast set of facts,
experts are actually profoundly intuitive. When experts evaluate a
situation, they don't systematically compare all the available options
or consciously analyze the relevant information. Carlsen, for instance,
doesn't compute the probabilities of winning if he moves his rook to
the left rather than the right. Instead, experts naturally depend on
the emotions generated by their experience. Their prediction errors -
all those mistakes they made in the past - have been translated into
useful knowledge, which allows them to tap into a set of accurate
feelings they can't begin to explain. Neils Bohr said it best: an
expert is "a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a
very narrow field." From the perspective of the brain, Bohr was
absolutely right.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Daily Dish | By Andrew Sullivan using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-24 19:46:16
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cooperation and Experimental Evolution 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Cooperation and Experimental
Evolution via Oscillator on 1/24/10
Cooperation and altruism are widespread in biology, from molecules and
genes working together in a cell, to bacterial communities that require
coordinated behavior to survive in a tough environment, to human
relationships and societies. Our human cultural perspective (perhaps
even more specifically our American cultural perspective, focused as it
is on individuality, free markets, and the American Dream), however,
treats cooperation as an outright anomaly that has to be explained away
by science (or often, religion). If natural selection is about
the "survival of the fittest" how can a selfless gene be rewarded
evolutionarily, surviving to the next generation? If evolution is about
individuals locked in a battle for resources, why would anyone share
with a friend?
Many experiments have shown that cooperation may actually not be so
anomalous, and in fact may be a driving force for evolutionary change
and diversity. Using experimental evolution, a synthetic approach to
evolutionary theory where researchers try to observe evolutionary
changes in controlled populations in the lab, several groups have shown
that symbiotic, cooperative, and altruistic behaviors can rapidly
evolve in many different situations. A recent paper from PLoS
Biology, "Experimental Evolution of a Plant Pathogen into a Legume
Symbiont" (ht Coturnix!) applied this kind of synthetic approach to
plant/bacteria cooperation (in depth paper synopsis here). Many plants
and bacteria have evolved a complex mutualistic relationship, where the
plants will protect the bacteria from the harsh soil environment and
the bacteria will provide crucial nutrients to the plant. Rhizobia are
species of bacteria that invade the root tissue of legume plants and
form small nodules where the bacteria grow and provide nitrogen that
the host plant needs to grow. These species have coevolved to this
complex mutualistic relationship over millions of years, but the
authors found that after only a few generations pathogenic bacteria
developed many of the behaviors required for the root nodule symbiosis,
with many implications for evolutionary theory. From the paper's
Our results show that adaptive genomic changes indeed allow effective
dissemination of symbiotic traits over large phylogenetic and
ecological distances. The fact that a single gene played a major role
in the shift from extracellular pathogenesis to endosymbiosis
reinforces previous reports that global regulators are preferred
targets for evolution and supports fluid boundaries between parasitism
and mutualism.
Other researchers have found similar results in very different model
systems. Myxobacteria are single-celled organisms that live in large
populations. When food is scarce, the bacteria activate a complex
cascade of events where the population transforms itself from slime to
a complicated fruiting body, with individuals performing highly
specialized behaviors, including a huge number of individuals
sacrificing themselves to provide food for the remaining cells, the
ultimate altruistic behavior. Genetic mutations in a population of
myxobacteria will lead to "cheater" cells that won't go through the
same changes when they are on their own and starve, but will free-ride
on altruistic neighbors in a mixed population with the wild type
strain. A 2006 paper in Nature, "Evolution of an Obligate Social
Cheater to a Superior Cooperator", started with this "obligate cheater
strain" and allowed it to compete against the wild type in a laboratory
evolution setup. They found that a single mutation in a gene that had
previously not been identified as important for this process was able
to turn the cheater strain not only into a cooperator, but into a
cooperator that was able to outcompete all the ancestral strains.
Scientists don't fully understand the processes that underly many of
these cooperative interactions, but what is clear is that the evolution
of these behaviors seems to be faster and more likely to spontaneously
emerge than many people think.
There is a huge diversity of cooperative relationships in nature that
expand the ability of living things to inhabit all ecological niches,
but symbiosis has an even more central role in the evolution of life on
earth. It is now widely accepted that complex eukaryotic cells (cells
with a nucleus, like our own) evolved as the result of symbiosis
between different prokaryotic (no nucleus, like bacteria). Organelles
inside eukaryotic cells that provide energy, like chloroplasts in
photosynthetic organisms and mitochondria in almost every eukaryotic
cell, often have their own genetic material, left over from the time
when they were free-living organisms. When Lynn Margulis proposed this
serial endosymbiotic theory of eukaryotic evolution in the 1960's
(based on theories of Russian botanists in the late 1800's and early
1900's) she was ridiculed by the biological establishment. The dogma at
the time held not only that evolution must proceed through the
accumulation of only small incremental changes, but also that symbiosis
was a weird thing that only a few species of fungi did, not important
stuff to molecular biologists. To the scientists, the notion that
nature was cruel, that cooperation shouldn't exist was the norm, and
the idea that evolution could be driven by cooperation at such a large
scale was unthinkable. Margulis persevered, and eventually everyone
realized that she was right all along. Decades later however, the
marginal, "weird" status of cooperation in the biological literature
remains, and Margulis warns that we should be careful with the words we
use when discussing it, that we shouldn't color our understanding of
reciprocal biological relationships with how we think about economics,
politics, and other human constructions. Other synthetic biology
experiments will perhaps further show that cooperation may be
more "natural" than science currently allows it to be.
Read the comments on this post...
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Oscillator using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-24 19:50:38
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Secret copyright treaty: how we got here, 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Secret copyright treaty: how we
got here, what you can do via Boing Boing by Cory Doctorow on 1/24/10
In this episode of the always-excellent Command Line geek podcast, the
Electronic Frontier Foundation's Danny O'Brien does a great job of
explaining what's going on with the secret Anti-Counterfeiting Trade
Agreement (ACTA, a brutal, unprecedented copyright treaty being
negotiated behind closed doors), how you can fight it, where it came
from and what you can do. It's as good and crunchy an explanation of
how modern tech-policy works around the world as you'll get anywhere
today. Danny's doing the job I used to do for EFF, and I learned a lot
listening to this.
Danny O'Brien on ACTA
Podcast feed
(Image: Etech05: Danny, a Creative Commons Attribution photo from
etech's photostream)
- EFF analyzes the legal creepiness of ACTA, the secret copyright ...
- Interactive timeline of secret copyright treaty Boing Boing
- Everything you want to know about the scary, secret copyright ...
- Secret copyright treaty debated in DC: must-see video Boing Boing
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Boing Boing using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-24 23:08:41
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The United States Redrawn with 50 Equal-Population 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The United States Redrawn with
50 Equal-Population States via Neatorama by Minnesotastan on 1/24/10
This map is the creation of Neil Freeman, who noted that the current 50
states have populations ranging from a half million to 33 million.
This Electoral Reform Map redivides the territory of the United States
into 50 bodies of equal size ? 281,421,906 divided by 50 is 5,616,997.
This map shows one possible way to redraw the fifty states? The map was
laid out with no political orientation or wealth. As a result, states
may be favor one or the other parties.
In a U.S. Senate based on this map, each Senator would represent the
same number of constituents.
Link, via James Fallows.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Neatorama using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-25 14:50:48
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Living with robots short film 
The co-evolution of humans and their tools...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Living with robots short film
via Artificial Intelligence and Robotics by Awesom-o on 1/25/10
At the Sundance Film Festival, Honda released a new short film
titled "Living with Robots". The 9-minute film centers around Honda's
humanoid robot ASIMO and our dreams of creating such technologies to
live with us and help us with our daily chores. If you remember, in
2006, Honda had also created the warm technology advertising
campaign(also featuring ASIMO) which even today I enjoy watching. The
new film is as intriguing and worth the watch. Waste no time, the video
You can watch more short films from the "Dream the impossible" campaign
here.Scientific Memory Games: Improve your cognitive abilities.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Artificial Intelligence and Robotics using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-25 16:05:55
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] OpenShot 1.0 Is an Actually Usable Linux Video Editor 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: OpenShot 1.0 Is an Actually
Usable Linux Video Editor via Lifehacker: top by Kevin Purdy on 1/25/10
Linux/Live CD/DVD: It's one of the five features we desperately want in
Ubuntu: a video editor that the average user can stitch together simple
movies with. OpenShot 1.0 is mostly there.
That's not to say the interface has much polish, or that you don't have
to install non-free multimedia codecs in your Linux system beforehand.
Then again, unless you're a FLAC/OGG music purist, you probably already
installed your MP3 and other file supports.
I had a video project to assemble over the weekend?combining a recorded
audio file and still pictures into a video file that could be imported
into iMovie, or watched on a standard PC laptop. I dropped an audio
file into the left-hand sidebar, and it automatically dropped into one
of the two default tracks. I dragged in a batch of pictures, and I
could then drop them onto the timeline. From there, you can use the
really simple tools?resize, razor, marker, and moving tool?to adjust
and arrange the clips. For my purposes, that was perfect. It was a
return to earlier versions of iMovie, a basic non-linear video editor
for the rest of us.
If you're looking to make very complex transitions or pull precise
transformations on your video, you're still better off with a more
advanced suite on another platform?one of our six best video editing
applications, perhaps. If you're a Linux user and looking to stitch
together a small-scale video project, OpenShot is definitely worth a
OpenShot is a free download, available as a live CD or DVD, as an
Ubuntu/Debian repository, and pre-compiled for Ubuntu and Fedora
systems. If you've given OpenShot a try and like it, or find it lacking
a certain something, tell us about it in the comments.
OpenShot 1.0 Has Arrived! [OpenShot Video Editor]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Lifehacker: top using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-25 19:04:28
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Kibbutz transformation continues 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Kibbutz transformation
continues via EurekAlert! - Breaking News on 1/23/10
Israel's kibbutz movement continues to shift from the "collective"
model to differential wages.Over the course of 2009, five more
kibbutzim converted to the "renewing kibbutz" model (paying its members
differential wages) bringing the percentage of such kibbutzim up to 72
percent of all the kibbutzim in Israel.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to EurekAlert! - Breaking News using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-25 19:10:02
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open source medical software delivers in Haiti 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Open source medical software
delivers in Haiti via Open Source by Dana Blankenhorn on 1/25/10
One of the big success stories in the wake of the Haiti earthquake is
being driven by open source. (You can help.)
Partners in Health has been on the ground in Haiti for 20 years. During
that time it has learned many lessons about delivering IT resources in
an environment without infrastructure. Most of its communications are
satellite links.
Since 2004 PIH has also been co-sponsor of an open source medical
records system called OpenMRS. (The other partner is the Regenstrief
Institute of Indiana.)
For the last two weeks PIH has been orchestrating medical response to
the earthquake, and has drawn great praise. But what makes it possible
is a Web-based medical record, originally created to track programs
against drug-resistant TB.
Fred Trotter writes that it?s not just the open nature of the code that
makes OpenMRS a perfect tool for the job here, but its pricing model.
?Can you imagine the headache that per-seat or per-doc or per-patient
EHR (Electronic Health Record) licenses would have caused in -any-Haiti
Disasters like this also teach, he adds:
Emergencies highlight the fact that health software users may have
-very- different needs than the software vendor?s vision or even their
own understanding. I know that the OpenMRS project will change
substantially in response to the earthquake in Haiti. More importantly
those changes will spread to other areas of the world? but those other
users of OpenMRS will get the Haiti lessons -before- the
mudslide/tsunami/earthquake/bombing happens in their area.
It?s important here to note a big architectural difference between
OpenMRS and other health record systems From the group?s overview:
OpenMRS is based on the principle that information should be stored in
a way which makes it easy to summarize and analyze, i.e. minimal use of
free text and maximum use of coded information. At its core is a
concept dictionary which stores all diagnosis, tests, procedures, drugs
and other general questions and potential answers.
This is important because one of the chief criticisms of Electronic
Medical Record (EMR) systems generally is their lack of free text and
extensive use of codes for information. For Regenstrief, which did the
heavy lifting on OpenMRS, this is a feature and not a bug.
Fred Trotter compares the success of OpenMRS in Haiti to that of the
VA?s VistA software after Hurricane Katrina. In both cases it was the
ability to deliver data quickly where it was needed that saved lives.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Open Source using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-01-28 15:16:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: "National Coalition for Dialogue & 
I know Sandy a little and I've been recommending people read Peter Levine
for 10 years.  I agree with both of them.

@_date: 2010-01-29 08:36:02
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Innovation 
Description The company?s chairman and former CEO explains the power of the
participatory, open-source model of collaboration. opensource Innovation
Mozilla  Original URL

@_date: 2010-01-29 09:02:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
It is an interesting argument.  I certain I disagree with it.
I love my iPod Touch--it is the best technology I've ever used.  I add my
own media to it, but I've spent a lot on media that I already owned.  Truth
is, producers of content need a model for selling stuff.  iPod Touch saved
the music industry, and that isn't hyperbole.  That may not be great for
college kids who want free access to songs, but it has generated billions
for artists are jobs all over the world from Africa to Hollywood.  People
who don't believe in intellectual property had a bad day.  That's true.  To
my mind, P2P and the open movement have never been about doing away
with IP...in fact, just the opposite.  It is about free/open being a
competitive model where post-scarcity is more compelling both politically
and economically than market restrictions.
What is scary about the iPad (horrible name) is that it is so vastly
superior to any competition for a relatively low cost.  For 300 Euros, a
person can have a Kindle, great web browser, a media base that can hold all
sorts of stuff...(can external add on drives be far away?), and a superior
media machine that threatens TVs, music sources, etc.  It is remarkable that
one firm can produce technology so overwhelmingly superior to anyone else.
It isn't close.  This thing is a generation beyond Sony, Nokia, IBM, Dell,
When I first read about it, I shrugged and thought...it's just a big Touch.
But it is far more and for not much more money.  This even threatens the
OLPC movement.  It is highly disruptive...something I always think is
great.  It will probably save the publishing industry with the
Kindle...which is seems to destroy...you can get Kindle software for it for
free...  In the US upper and upper middle classes, the Kindle is now
everywhere...airports, etc. are full of them.  I know several college
students who are using it in literature studies and in other related
topics. The iPad disrupts all that.  It makes multimedia textbooks the new
It isn't a great day for the free/open movement, but it is a great day for
societies.  Sadly, many will not be able to see past their own view of
the politics of that statement.  Capitalism simply won again.  I think that
is a good thing.  If free/open wants to compete for the first place in
society, it needs to deliver top goods and services.  Here's to the guys who
can match Apple for 100 Euros and something I can tinker with, change and
add media that's either expensive or free.  I will never sign a
petition against massive technical improvements that are disruptive and
consumer friendly.  No one will buy it if it isn't consumer friendly.  I
understand they had millions of inquiries the first day.  If I can afford
one, I'll definitely put it on the wish list.
The other interesting fact is that this will push Google to go more toward
free/open.  Amazing that two companies that are less than 30 miles from each
other are essential reshaping the who user experience of computers.
Microsoft and Amazon are also 30 miles from each other.  One advantage
capitalism has over P2P is the clustering of human talent.  P2P will
inevitably move slower.  What is interesting about this thrust by Apple and
Amazon is whether it is disrupting free/open as a business model.  Maybe
this was the day P2P died.

@_date: 2010-01-29 09:17:01
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open manufacturing, generalized exchange, 
This is exactly right. (of course important...not imminent)  The key point
is that nonmarket projects need to be politically and economically
compelling...not politically and economically competitive.  If it is a
paradigm shift, it is self-evident and disruptive.  Else, it is simply
evolutionary and derivative.
It is an unresolved question as to whether open approaches can matter.
Personally, I still see the model as all but inevitable.  That said, markets
are responding and innovating.  That innovation will have to drive
non-market approaches...not to compete, but to be more compelling and to
avoid being disrupted.  That is, to "win" by being different.  That implies
co-existance until one is simply not compelling.  It is not on
price/performance that P2P wins, but on creating a different worldview.
Unless it is feature rich, timely, responsive and of high quality, no one is
going to abandon market models outside of a fringe group.  Mozilla is
interesting in that it merges the two.  Open Manufacturing is going to need
systems and methods for sharing and developing knowledge that are easy,
open, logical and foundry-like.  Strangely, P2P is failing on interpersonal

@_date: 2010-01-29 14:38:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
If a DRM intensive model is attractive to the marketplace, then P2P
designers are doing something wrong.  One thing is certain: There won't be
10 different successful global DRM framework models.  There will only be one
to three.  Apple is the clear leader now.  The opportunity for the world to
open up against a hegemonic Apple have just gone up several fold.  Meet the
new boss...same as the old one.
IBM has already successfully moved toward open systems and cloud
systems.  The organizations that lost the day the iPad was announced are
independent book sellers, Oracle, PC clone makers (e.g. Dell and HP...which
are increasingly irrelevant desktop outside business markets). and anyone
who writes software for non-mobile devices.  It probably saved book and
newspaper publishers who now have a platform on which to deliver news while
maintaining their broadsheet and text looks.

@_date: 2010-01-29 14:52:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open manufacturing, generalized exchange, 
There are about 5 things about capitalism that I don't think anyone really
understands yet:
1. Profit is harder and harder...and more concentrated in fewer enterprises.
2. Credit is harder and harder because of 1 and more concentrated in fewer
3. Consumer demand is never going to fall, but consumer debt capacity can be
easily maximized.
4. Several externalities are being ignored.  This will have systemic
5. Wage labor is becoming irrelevant...first because of globalization,
second because of technology, third because of disintermediation of
institutions by social network technologies--everyone is becoming a
Any one of those could disrupt the system completely.  In concert, they are
a completely unpredictable set of forces.  Prediction is extremely hard
now.  There are just too many tidal changes going on at once.

@_date: 2010-01-30 10:54:26
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open manufacturing, generalized exchange, 
I buy your correction.  Japan is an interesting model...as always.
China seems to be following US models as is Canada.  That SEEMS impossible,
but only time will tell.

@_date: 2010-01-31 08:34:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Manufacturing Changes 
The future of American manufacturing is moving into a brand new cloud,
crowd, garage-fab paradigm, proclaims a fascinating article by Chris
Anderson at Wired

@_date: 2010-01-31 09:02:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
On Sat, Jan 30, 2010 at 1:42 PM, Kevin Carson <
I'm not sure there is a "movement."  It isn't political.  It's just a
phenomenon of social technologies.  I used to think about P2P as a movement,
etc.  But Michel actually convinced me that historical forces were the
point...not politics.  If something isn't "ripe," it is altogether better
for humanity if it doesn't emerge.  True emergeance isn't political.  It is
social.  We don't need leaders.
Yes, if the net employment was positive and that was what consumers wanted.
To me, it is all about what is compelling. If consumers want it, it's
better.  If post-scarcity cannot be compelling, it's crap.
Same answer.  If people want something, it is better.  Apple can't force
people to buy DRM.  People choose it.
There will always be heterodox views.  Stallman often represents those
views.  Sometimes he is visionary. Other times absurd.  That's the price of
being nearly constantly heterodox.
To me, opposition to intellectual property is a death knell for progress.
People need to control their own outputs.  If they cannot, there is no hope
of having a gift/free economy.  That is the ultimate slavery.
Not for me.  Open source is a technology.  It is a means of creating a
compelling environment. It isn't about doing away with other political
modes.  It is about surpassing them.
Artificial scarcity is the politicized term for abundance.  Abundance is
about capacity. Raise capacity and the reasons for scarcity go away.  The
answer isn't so much to attack scarcity as it is to find mechanisms to raise
the capacity for abundance.
Playing fields are set by what is ultimately compelling.  Power works only
so long if it is not advantageous.  That's the lesson of the Soviet Union,
of China, increasingly of the Arab World, Persia, Africa and South America.
What kills this capacity is people who fight democratic institutions,
markets, and human rights.  It is all about capacity.
If open systems and P2P cannot find a way to be compelling for human
capacity, they will die off. I see nothing blocking them now in most free
systems.  To call counter models cheaters is probably not going to help the
cause much.  In fact, slavery was well known to be dying under its own
weight--even in the South.  There are numerous economic and historic studies
of it.  It couldn't compete with machinery, etc. in the same way slave labor
today doesn't compete for very long in attractive markets--like those that
require skills.  Skills always win.  China is the proving ground for that
now as labor gets more and more skilled by the decade.
The answer is to push advancement and skils, not to attack other systems qua
systems.  That is outmoded politics that simply leads to stalemates.   The
"right" answer is technical achievement, abundance, innovation and change.
The wrong answer is planned outputs, political fights against status quo's,
and "movements."  At least that is my view.

@_date: 2010-01-31 09:23:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcforum] Fw: iPad DRM is a dangerous step 
This is the framework for the 21st century defined in a few words.  I
disagree with your views.  But the statement is very much correct as to the
point of debate.
To me, the only hope is autonomous machines.  We are rapidly headed there.
The intermediate step is machines controlled by regimes from afar--DRM is a
logical enabler of that.  I see nothing evolving which isn't predictable in
terms of technology.  It is the social/political systems evolution which are
unpredictable.  That's because we don't have good modern theory.  We keep
going backward looking for answers.  If we had hundreds of Romer's...the
real scarcity, we'd have options.  All the Marx's, Smith's, Jefferson's and
Keynes's have little to say to us about were we are headed.  That's because
it is technology that defines society, not vice versa.

@_date: 2010-07-03 16:39:30
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Eroding a Mountain Range of Debt 
Why debt is the problem...along with deflation.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Eroding a Mountain Range of Debt
via Early Warning by Stuart Staniford on 7/3/10
The above data shows the debt outstanding of various sectors in the US
economy. It comes from the Federal Reserve Z1 release, and the data are
annual except for the 2010 point, which is for Q1 (on the graph, the
annual data are shown at the mid-point of the year, and the Q1 point is
shown 1/8 of the way into the year, so slopes should still be accurate).
My operating assumption is that the main current problem with the US
economy is Too Much Debt in the private sector, and that all will not
be well until both the household and financial sectors have deleveraged
back down at least to something like the levels of the 1990s (at a
rough guess). On the pace so far, it appears likely that that will take
at least a decade. I don't think any of us should be planning on living
in a great economy any time soon.
At the moment, there is a great debate occurring between Keynesians
such as Paul Krugman, who argue the government should run deficits to
stimulate the economy, and the forces of fiscal austerity who argue the
government needs to reduce its debt.
In thinking about this, it seems like the key fact is the accounting
identity that
Private Sector Balance + Government Balance + Foreign Balance = 0
Now, there are deep structural reasons why the US is running a current
account deficit that cannot be changed soon (dependence on foreign oil,
offshoring of labor-intensive work). Developments in Europe are making
it even more difficult for the US to run a current account surplus. So
the third term in the accounting identity pretty much has to be
positive (foreigners are net lenders to the US). If we want the private
sector to deleverage, then the private sector balance should be
positive. That means the government balance must be negative (the
government should be a net borrower). This is the argument against
government fiscal austerity, and it's quite compelling.
At the same time, I think there's a serious magnitude problem with the
idea that the US government should run big deficits until the private
sector is sufficiently deleveraged. The private sector is much larger
than the government sector, and its debts are too big. Here's a stacked
graph of the private sector debts outstanding:
If the government runs sufficiently large deficits for long enough for
this to get back down to, let's say, the level of 1995, the government
is going to end up with a debt to GDP ratio approaching that of Japan,
and I would say it's politically inconceivable that the US government
could sustain that level of debt.
My conclusion is that the private sector deleveraging process is not,
and should not, be mainly a "pay down the debt" process. That appears
to me to be impossible. It needs to be mainly a "write off the debt"
process. Households, businesses, and financial firms with weak balance
sheets will need to go through the appropriate restructuring processes
- whether it is short sales on houses, principal renegotiations on
mortgates, debt restructurings and bankruptcy of individuals and firms.
Obviously, there will be lots of nasty feedbacks as we go through this
process: household debts being written down make the balance sheets of
financial firms worse, financial firms shrinking and laying off workers
reduce demand for the output of other businesses and worsen their
cashflow, etc.
The main role of the government should thus not be "borrower of last
resort", but rather "bankruptcy trustee of last resort". Clearly, in
this kind of environment, the largest financial firms could become at
risk again. In that scenario, it's critical that the government is in a
credible position to take them over and conduct a restructuring, and
that requires that the government's own balance sheet is in decent
shape. Therefore, I don't think the government should either try to
massively increase its own debt, or massively reduce it. I think it
should aim for approximate balance, and in the meantime should place
its focus on improving the speed, efficiency, and fairness of the
various processes for resolving excessive private sector leverage. I
think given the scale of what needs to happen, we should try to find
ways to make the processes more compassionate for the individuals
Fundamentally, we've spent the last two decades borrowing and lending
far too much, and there now isn't any painless path back to a healthy
situation. We need to get rid of a lot of this debt, and we need to get
a lot less comfortable with borrowing as a solution to our problems.
As a side effect of this, it seems to me that many classes of assets
are still very much over-priced. Houses and stocks are likely to be in
an overall bear market for as long as the deleveraging process is going
It's not going to be any fun.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Early Warning using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-04 16:20:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An Idea I am Playing With 
Dear List Members:
I am thinking of an idea.  It is not necessarily P2P but I'd like to apply a
number of ideas I've learned here and beg for help in thinking through a
project that may take the rest of my life and more.
I am interested in whisky.  There is an old type of American spirits called
rye made of that grain.  I have the prospect, far from certainty, of making
some money in the next few years.  As a hobby, I'd like to consider how to
build a distillery that makes the finest rye whiskey in the world.   I am
studying locations (likely rural Pennsylvania) and methods of doing things
by crafts people...barrels, stills, etc. all in the same community to
achieve a product that is non pareil.   The very best ever made...best
waters...best methods, hand made all.
Any thoughts or guidance on how I can advance this or those interest in
co-traveling the process of learning are welcome to inquire.  I realize this
is not a worker's idea, but that of an elitist hoping to build something
that is eternal.  In that is vain by standards often applied here.  But my
hope is that the wood grown for barrels, the craft of making stone
distillery buildings, etc. will all be accomplished by those who take shares
in the co-operative effort.  I dream, in short, of a gentle business where
families engage in the pursuit of perfection in an ancient craft.
I am open to criticism, redirection and reflections as I launch this life
hobby.  I am committed to the extent that a passion and an idea are
commitment.  I hope to learn about spirits from all around the world, build
a knowledge of American rye whiskey, rye growing, barrel and still making,
stone masonry and similar and supporting topics.  Any thoughts or criticism
are welcome.

@_date: 2010-07-04 19:47:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An Idea I am Playing With 
I wouldn't be interested in capital returns so much as success.  The initial
owners should always be those who contribute the most (of all forms of
capital).  I could imagine it being a co-operative.

@_date: 2010-07-05 01:01:05
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Modular CNC can be reconfigured as a wheeled cart 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Modular CNC can be reconfigured
as a wheeled cart via MAKE Magazine by John Baichtal on 7/2/10
MAKE subscriber Nick Santillan of Vancouver, BC, wrote in to share a
video of his Red Blue CNC, a prototype which we posted about a couple
months ago. The video highlights the ease of assembly and configuration
of the machine. It's assembled and disassembled with a single wrench,
and can be configured as a wheeled cart for easy transport. (Also see
it use its steppers to play the Tetris theme song.)
Read the Full Story ? | More on MAKE ? | Comments ? | Read more
articles in Robotics | Digg this!
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to MAKE Magazine using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-04 22:03:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] steve tallbott on synthetic life 
Life is a strange standard.  Why not go for functionality?
If an old person can sit on a phone and talk to a computer that it cannot
distinguish from a companion, then who is on the other side of the phone?  A
lie?  A life?  Would anyone care?  As computer games get more sophisticated,
those needing "real" outlets is probably going to drop.  Reality is
fun...ideal, but simulation can be great fun too and better and better
simulations go a long way.
Regardless, building a body is getting close.  Building rationalizing
machines is also seemingly on the feasible horizon.  So, artificial flowers
seems a rather strange retort to what is going on.  The moral, social and
political questions are far more interesting than the nihilism of...not
really life.

@_date: 2010-07-04 23:51:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] steve tallbott on synthetic life 
They're scaffolding organs now in several countries from Asia to Europe to
the US for rodents, mammals, etc.  Given any sort of reasonable projection,
one would have to say that within 10 years they will be farming human organs
from stem cells in the lab.  Skin is now grown in the lab from SC as is
bone...jaws, etc.  Nerve tissue is under experiment in several places and
discussions of organs like pancreas's are regularly discussed.  Is it
hyperbole to talk about building a human?
I think the word transhumanist is starting to outlive its usefulness.  The
questions now are simply science and ethics.  This stuff is coming far
faster than anyone anticipated.  I've personally moved up my estimates by
more than a decade recently.  I am hearing that what is going on in the
university labs that is not ready for prime time is that basically stem
cells can be easily harvested, made pluripotent, and then farmed into
whatever.  That's widespread.  Who knows where the cutting edge is.
As to robots, I just tonight watched a movie of a machine run along side a
dog that looked elegant like the dog in movement.  New robotic hands are
widely visible on youtube etc. and are amazing.  These are products.  Again,
hard to say just how much further ahead the labs are.  I have personally
been in discussions with people about AI that can take in huge amounts of
data (e.g. financial or military information) and sort it out in ways humans
cannot easily do and in much less time.  Again, machines surpassing humans
in the front seems near term.
So, I don't think it is premature to begin thinking about this stuff.  At
all scale levels, progress seems rapid and linked.  It looks a lot like the
beginning of the computer age...the next 30 years will be about biology and
a lot about climate change.  In politics, it will be about demographics and
unemployment.  In finance it will be about profit opportunities and debt
I actually think it is high time for smart people to really start sorting
out what 2020 looks like.  It is going to be a lot different.

@_date: 2010-07-05 06:36:04
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Governments Must Do More to Protect Civil 
[image: logo]     [image: logo]    [image: logo]    [image: logo]
For immediate release ? 5 July 2010
Governments Must Do More to Protect Civil Society
KRAKOW, POLAND, 5 JULY 2010 - ARTICLE 19, CIVICUS, the International Center
for Not-for-Profit Law, and the World Movement for Democracy welcome US
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton?s statement on ?Civil Society: Supporting
Democracy in the 21st Century? and urge all governments to take immediate
measures to reverse the growing backlash against civil society and human
rights defenders.
In her keynote speech to the High-Level Meeting of the Community of
Democracies on July 3rd, Hillary Clinton highlighted the role of civil
society as one of three pillars of democracy: *?Progress in the 21st century
depends on the ability of individuals to coalesce around shared goals, and
harness the power of their convictions. But when governments crack down on
the right of citizens to work together, as they have throughout history,
societies fall into stagnation and decay.? * She lamented the growing trend
of repressive laws against civil society and human rights defenders: *?Over
the last six years, 50 governments have issued new restrictions against
NGOs, and the list of countries where civil society faces resistance is
growing longer.?*
ARTICLE 19, CIVICUS, the International Center for Not-for-Profit Law, and
the World Movement for Democracy are members of an international working
group on enabling and protecting civil society, chaired by the Government of
Canada, under the auspices of the Community of Democracies. They state that
*?in our work and countries all over the world, we have observed an alarming
increase of regressive legislative measures against civil society, attacks
and killings of human rights defenders, and impunity for these crimes. Such
violations have come on top of increasing restrictions on foreign funding
for human rights and democracy initiatives by CSOs in their countries.? *
ARTICLE 19, CIVICUS, the International Center for Not-for-Profit Law, and
the World Movement for Democracy call for:
1. All governments to address key contributing factors to this negative
trend. In particular, we call on them to ensure that security and
counter-terrorism efforts do not result in violations of fundamental human
rights, including the rights to association and freedom of expression;
2. UN member states to establish a United Nations Special Rapporteur to
defend freedom of association and the rights of civil society;
3. The implementation of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton?s 4-point action
plan, including:
? The creation of an objective and independent mechanism for monitoring
repressive measures against civil society;
? Increased role of the United Nations Human Rights Council in protecting
civil society and freedom of association;
? Increased commitment by regional and other organizations, such as the OAS,
the EU, the OIC, the African Union, the Arab League, others, to do more to
defend the freedom of association; and,
? Coordinated diplomatic pressure, including through a rapid response
mechanism to address situations where freedom of association comes under
NOTES TO EDITORS:
? For more information please contact:
o Agnes Callamard, Article 19 (agnes at article19.org)
o Netsanet Belay, CIVICUS (netsanet.belay at civicus.org)
o Douglas Rutzen, International Center for Not-for-Profit Law (
drutzen at icnl.org)
o Ryota Jonen, World Movement for Democracy (ryota at ned.org)
 *[image: mini logo] ARTICLE 19*
 ARTICLE 19 is an independent human rights organisation that works globally
to protect and promote the right to freedom of expression. It takes its name
from Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which
guarantees free speech. For more information on ARTICLE 19 please visit
 or follow article19org on
Free Word Centre, 60 Farringdon Road, London EC1R 3GA, United Kingdom
Tel: +44 20 7324 2500 - Fax: +44 20 7490 0566 - info at article19.org -
*If you would like to edit your preferences (name, organisation, region,
etc) or edit which mailing lists you currently subscribe to, please visit this
*If you would like to unsubscribe from the ARTICLE 19 mailing lists, please
visit this link
powered by phplist  v 2.10.5, ? tincan

@_date: 2010-07-05 06:49:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] steve tallbott on synthetic life 
Hi Michel,
Long ago I've stopped arguing metaphysics one way or the other, so I
understand your views given past arguments.  If you believe humans are more
than heaps of matter, then I respect that as a private view.  To my public
mind, there is no evidence or support of any sort that anything going on in
the human process is more than material.  There never has been.  There is no
evidence of "soul" or divine spark or impossible complexity.  In other
words, a cloned human would indeed be human in all respects given any
reasonable bounds of the term human.  Governments block this now because
everyone knows all law, etc. would be thrown into chaos by the event of a
human who was not born, etc.  All our rules of who can marry, who lives,
dies, gets benefits, etc. would be shattered.  It also raises uncomfortable
issues of slavery, purpose, dignity, etc.
So, yes, if we can make the parts, I assume the systems integration is
imminent--not more than 20 years off.  We cannot yet make the parts, but
will soon do--my guess is within 5 years.  It is a matter of time...when not
if.  So, I think under the circumstances, it is time to prepare.
Sanctioning the processes is unrealistic rather like making minor drugs
illegal.  It will be done whether legal or not.  I am sure that some cloner
has already attempted human cloning and then hidden the results.  It is too
tempting not to.
I think science is making those who claim its stake irrelevant.  That is,
those who fantasize about futures are not relevant when the futures become
real.  At that point it is fact and law that matter.  Law only matters to
the degree that people are naturally inclined to respect it given some
reasonable educational and cultural norms.  If those are made problematic,
then anything feasible will be tried for some purpose and will probably be
so anyway.  Do I believe there are ethical bounds where science should not
tread?  Short of species ending experiments of uncertain outcomes, I'm
probably not inclined to limit science beyond the normal bounds of what is
considered decent.  Even with such bounds, others will almost invariably
establish differing ideas about what decency means--and always have done so.
Artificial humanity is within a generation.  We should think about it.

@_date: 2010-07-06 10:50:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ASCAP Declares War on Free Culture 
The great event will come when a major organization (e.g. the Beatles) moves
their oeuvre into the public domain voluntarily at some juncture.  Been
waiting for this.  When that happens...it will cause an avalanche.  It will
be the idea of giving something to the public as a final act...that is far
more compelling heroism than having ancestors loving you for making their
lives financially easy.

@_date: 2010-07-06 14:23:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] about that whiskey... 
Thanks, Matt.  There is one in Virginia called Catoctin that actually is my
model, but I appreciate as much information as possible.

@_date: 2010-07-06 19:39:10
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How to recognize official Arduino boards. 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: How to recognize official
Arduino boards. via Arduino Blog by mellis on 7/6/10
Arduino is an open-source project and we?re happy that so many people
have created variations on our hardware and software. We realize,
however, that it?s sometimes hard to tell which products are part of
the Arduino platform itself. The official boards are listed on the
hardware page (and pictured above, with the exception of the official
shields and Mini-USB adaptor). These are the products that we feel
provide the best overall experience and utility to the Arduino
community. They include boards from three manufacturers: SmartProjects
(in Italy), SparkFun, and Gravitech (both in the US). These companies
pay a licensing fee in exchange for support for these products in the
Arduino software and documentation.
The official Arduino products are the only ones licensed to use the
word ?Arduino? in their name. Other products may be labelled as
?Arduino-compatible? or ?for Arduino?, but these are not a part of the
platform itself and don?t fund continuing work on the project. If
you?re making a product and wondering what to call it, we?ve added some
guidelines to the FAQ. We think that these conventions make it easier
for everyone to understand what products they?re buying and who
supports them.
Finally, we?d like to thank a few companies that have been particularly
good about working with us on these issues: Adafruit Industries,
Oomlout, and SparkFun Electronics. Thanks for your cooperation and all
the great products!
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Arduino Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-08 22:32:46
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The state of Open Source 3D Printing at the Maker 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The state of Open Source 3D
Printing at the Maker Fair via P2P Foundation by Michel Bauwens on
?While I was at MakerFaire it was impressive to see how much energy
there was around Open Source 3D printing. The MakerBot was the belle of
the ball, but the Fab at Home, RepRap, and other Open Source projects were
well represented as well. It is exciting to see is the improving
quality of the models that are being created. With more designers all
design problems are shallow. Complex transformers, interesting puzzles,
and multi-material builds show how much opportunity there is even in
affordable platforms.?
(the conference report by Joseph is here)
Video by Nick Barber:
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to P2P Foundation using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-09 17:16:42
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] DEBT IS STILL THE PROBLEM AND DEFLATION IS THE 
This is...exactly...right.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: DEBT IS STILL THE PROBLEM AND
DEFLATION IS THE PAINFUL SOLUTION via PRAGMATIC CAPITALISM by Comstock
on 7/8/10
By Comstock Partners:
We understand that we have discussed the debt problem in this country
for what seems to be forever, but we can?t stop talking about it now
that the debt is clearly the catalyst for the latest stock market
downturn. Debt is discussed by the pundits on financial TV also, but in
almost every case the discussion revolves around government deficits
relative to GDP or government debt relative to GDP. They are constantly
comparing the U.S. government debt to every other country in the world
(especially Portugal, Italy, Ireland, Greece, and Spain-PIIGS). We
believe that the government debt should be taking a back seat to the
private debt which is much larger and must eventually be deleveraged.
(Exhibit 1)
The private debt is about 6 times larger than our government?s public
debt; about 4 times larger than our government?s gross debt (including
the government debt used to fund our Social Security shortfall); and
about 2.5 times the gross government debt plus the total state and
local debt. Household debt alone is equal to 96% of GDP; private
domestic nonfinancial debt is 183% of GDP; total credit market debt is
357% of GDP (see first chart Selected Debt Measures as a % of GDP).
Please note that the only form of debt that isn?t rolling over is the
government debt.
(Exhibit 2)
We have been predicting for over 3 years that the government debt
(including public, gross, and state and local governments) will
increase substantially, while the private debt (all forms) will roll
over and decline substantially. In round numbers total credit market
debt is $55 trillion and government debt is $15 trillion, leaving
private debt at approximately $40 trillion. We have drawn debt cones
(see 2nd chart-debt cones) to illustrate the concept. We believe the
government debt will rise towards the $30 trillion level while the
private debt will drop towards the $20 trillion level. This coincides
with the Cycle of Deflation (next chart) which we authored years ago.
(Exhibit 3)
(Exhibit 4)
Most bears on the stock market are fearful that the Administration and
Fed are printing far too much money that this will result in potential
runaway inflation. We, on the other hand, do not think the results of
the Fed?s balance sheet increasing through quantitative easing (QE)
will result in inflation in the next few years, although it could very
well be a serious problem further down the road. We believe the private
sector debt will continue to decline (deleverage) regardless of what
the Fed and Administration do to attempt to jolt the economy.
The reason that the attempt at money printing to juice the economy will
not work, in our opinion, is that the whole private sector is frozen
due to the fear of losing more money. Corporations are continuing to
build up cash positions and individuals are afraid of taking risk in
this environment. The latest economic releases verify our opinion that
the private sector is losing confidence. Corporations are afraid to
take on more employees?we gained only 33,000 jobs in the private sector
in May and just last week reported a disappointing gain of 83,000 jobs
in the private sector. It would take average monthly increases of over
130,000 jobs just to keep up with the average gain in the labor force.
Last week the Conference Board reported that the Consumer Confidence
index for June declined to 52.9 from 62.7 in May.
(Exhibit 5)
New single family home sales collapsed 32.7% from April to a record low
rate of 300,000 (see the next two attached charts). There are estimates
of about 10 months of shadow inventory of foreclosed homes currently
off the market and not included in the national inventory. The national
inventory of homes available rose to 8.5 months supply in May. Today it
was announced that demand for mortgages to buy homes dropped 2%. It was
the 8th weekly drop in the 9 weeks since the credit for home buyers
expired on April 30th. We just recently wrote a comment dealing with
the potential for a second dip in housing prices on June 10th titled
?The Dire Outlook for Housing?.
(Exhibit 6)
The Fed believed that Quantitative Easing (QE) would stimulate the
economy much more than it did. QE includes all of the measures the
central bank takes to increase the monetary base, hoping that this
translates into increased money supply. However, in the current credit
crisis QE is not working as well as the Fed and Administration
expected. While it has succeeded in jump-starting the monetary base it
has failed to increase the money supply or velocity (the ratio of
economic transactions to the money supply). Thus, while the banks now
have the ability to make new loans, not enough qualified borrowers are
interested in borrowing money, and banks are not willing to loan money
to anyone that is not a prime borrower. What we need to stimulate the
economy is ?velocity? which measures the rate at which money in
circulation is used for purchasing goods and services. The velocity of
money is computed by dividing the nation?s output of goods and services
by the total money supply (circulating currency plus checking account
deposits). Velocity of money is also influenced by interest rates. When
rates are low, people hold more money in cash, when rates are rising,
they put more money in interest paying investments.
(Exhibit 7)
When velocity is low the nation essentially winds up in a ?liquidity
trap? which is a situation where monetary policy is unable to stimulate
the economy either through lowering interest rates or increasing the
money supply. This was the condition that Japan found itself enveloped
in from 1989 to present. We expect the same problem in this country and
hope (really hope) to be wrong. If we are lucky we will be able to go
through the slowdown we expect (or double dip) and repair the household
balance sheets enough to grow out of this mess in less time than it is
taking Japan.
Post Footer automatically generated by Add Post Footer Plugin for
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to PRAGMATIC CAPITALISM using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-09 23:35:24
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The link between poverty, 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The link between poverty,
(de)centralisation and (non)connectivity via P2P Foundation by Michel
Bauwens on 7/8/10
A talk by Iqbal Quadir , ?Technology Empowers the Poorest?, summarized
by Kevin Kelly:
?In Quadir?s view, it?s not that centralization per se creates poverty.
Poverty is the natural beginning state of all societies, east or west.
Rather, decentralization is the engine which removes poverty and brings
wealth. To the degree that infrastructure, education, and trade can be
decentralized, wealth will rise in proportion. To the degree that
infrastructure, education and trade are centralized, poverty will
Whereas many of us in the west, particularly the digital west, agree
with this intuitively, we act contrary to this observation when we give
large-scale aid to poor countries. As Quadir?s colleague William
Easterly argues in his book The Elusive Quest for Growth, the billions
and billions of dollars spent on aid for developing countries has not
only *not* helped, it has set them back decades. Aid, as we know it,
kills development. This harm occurs because almost all previous aid has
funneled through a central government or semi-governmental
organizations and that official route tightens centrality. Even if the
governments were saintly, and they are definitely not, the scale of
money flowing through these centralizing nodes prohibits the
distribution of resources, infrastructure, trade, and education. The
more aid that arrives, the less development can actually happen.
Technology is the escape from this quandary. Quadir came to see that
?technologies that connect? could liberate productivity. He matched his
experience in Bangladesh as a 13-year-old boy having to walk 10
kilometers to get medicine, only to find out the medicine man he sought
was not home, and then walking back empty handed, having wasted a day ?
all because there was no connection between his home and the
pharmacist. Many years later in New York he wasted a day at work when
there was no electricity to run phones or computers. Productivity
required connectivity. If connectivity could be decentralized then it
would lead to increased wealth.
Quadir settled on the cell phone as a way to decentralized
connectivity. In the early 1990s cell phones were big, dumb, and very
expensive. Calls were $3 per minute. Only the rich could afford them.
But he wanted the poorest people in the world to get them. How would
this be possible?
First, he believed in Moore?s Law: that the phones would decrease in
price and increase in power every year. That seemed inevitable to him.
He said he could see ?micro-chips marching toward the poor.? He was
right about that. Second, he piggybacked his hopes on a remarkable
invention of another Bangladeshi, Mohammad Yunus, who developed
micro-financing (and later won a Nobel prize for this invention). In
Yunus? scheme a woman who owned virtually nothing could get a loan of
$200 to purchase a cow. She would then sell the surplus milk of the cow
to pay back the loan, earn both milk and an income for her family, and
maybe buy another cow. Ordinarily, no bank would have lent her this
trifling amount because she had no collateral, no education, and the
costs of overseeing such a small loan with small gains, would have been
prohibitive. Grameen Bank, Yunus? creation, discovered that these
illiterate peasants were actually more likely to repay these small
loans, and were very happy to pay good interest rates, and so that in
aggregate, these micro-loans were more profitable than loaning to large
industrial players.
Quadir proceeded to ask, what if the women could rent a cell phone
instead of a cow? Grameen Bank could make a micro-loan to the poor for
the purchase a cell phone, which they then could sell/rent minutes to
the rest of the village. The enterprising phone-renter would benefit
and more importantly, the entire village would benefit from the
connectivity. It did not really matter if the minutes were expensive,
because when you have no connection, you are willing to pay dearly for
it. Quadir started off his GrameenPhone with 5 cell towers, and
eventually GrameenPhone erected 5,000 towers.
In 1993 when Quadir began, Bangladesh had one of the lowest
penetrations of telephones on the planet ? only one phone for every 500
people. GrameenPhone project unleashed 25 million phones. Today there
are 100 times as many phones, or one per 5 people. Just as Quadir had
envisioned, this decentralized connectivity has increased productivity.
Without connectivity people waste a lot more time on economic errands.
With cell connectivity farmers maximize their profits by getting
real-time prices at distant markets; shepherds can call a vet, or order
medicine. One study concluded that the total lifetime cost of an
additional phone (including the cell tower and switching gear) was
about $2,000, but that each phone enabled $50,000 of increased
productivity. And surprisingly, the poorer the country to begin with,
the greater the increase in wealth from connectivity.
A lot of myths cloud the good intentions of developmental aid, Quadir
says. Myths such as: poor countries have no resources, or that the poor
don?t have discretionary spending, or aren?t concerned with brands,or
aren?t good credit risks, and so on. All these assumptions have been
proven untrue over and over again, and especially so with GrameenPhone.
The chief myth it dispelled was that government needs to subsidize
technological development, when in fact there is good money to be made
enabling the productivity of the poor. As Quadir says, ?You don?t make
money on the poor, but with the poor.? At dinner I asked Iqbal what he
would have done differently with GrameenPhone. He replied, ?Kept more
Quadir is now searching for other technologies to decentralize, and
thereby become a tool to erase poverty. He is director of the Legatum
Center for Development and Entrepreneurship at MIT, which has been
funded with $50 million. He is investigating whether energy can also be
dethroned from its current mode of extremely centralized generation.
Only 10% of the electricity produced at its source remains at the end
of the wires as they reach homes and factories. Perhaps there are ways
to decentralize its generation, which would trigger connections at the
local level, and in his scheme, elevate wealth and democracy. If it
worked, decentralized energy might also work in rich countries,
increasing wealth and democracy in our part of the world as well.?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to P2P Foundation using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-10 14:43:43
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Part 2. How Often Have Sovereign Countries Defaulted 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Part 2. How Often Have
Sovereign Countries Defaulted in the Past? via Calculated Risk by
CalculatedRisk on 7/10/10
CR Note: This is part 2 in a series on sovereign debt issues by
reader "some investor guy". Here is Part 1: How Large is the
Outstanding Value of Sovereign Bonds?
Sovereign bonds have been defaulting for almost as long as there have
been sovereign bonds. The problems go back many centuries. A good
overview created for the IMF is ?The Costs of Sovereign Default? by
Eduardo Borensztein and Ugo Panizza. Some countries are ?serial
defaulters?, with a long history of sovereign defaults. Many have
defaulted on sovereign debt five times or more.
Click on graph for larger image in new window.
Here is a chart showing the number of countries defaulting each year
from 1824 to 2003. The raw data comes from S&P. Charts were created by
the Some Investor Guy.
As you can see, there are some years with no defaults at all, and other
years with many. Defaults tend to come in clusters, and the behavior of
lenders often changes substantially after defaults. In the Volatility
Machine, Michael Pettis asserts that sovereign default contagion
follows predictable patterns, and that contagion is primarily due to
investors in the first defaulting country also having investments in
other countries which are vulnerable. This is especially the case with
leveraged investors.
In the seemingly ?quiet period? from 1945 to 1959, there was just one
sovereign default. Interestingly, this was also a time with a number of
very angry foreign investors. This time period was the peak of
expropriation of foreign assets. There were at least 25
nationalizations and expropriations of foreign assets. Many were by new
members of the Soviet Bloc, and by newly independent colonies (Source:
Michael Tomz, Stanford, working paper).
For you ubernerds who want to see which countries defaulted each year,
here they are. I?ve broken them down into three periods to make the
charts more readable.
1820 to 1920 (click on chart for larger image) 1920 to 19801981 to
2003The underlying causes of default (such as rises in interest rates,
wars, commodity price collapses, and simply borrowing too much money)
have been diagnosed for many episodes. Proximate to the default, any of
the following six financial changes might occur:
1. Government revenues fall far below history or forecast;
2. Expenses aside from debt service rise far above history or forecast;
3. Interest rates rise substantially; due to inflation, credit spreads,
illiquidity, or other causes
4. Demand for bonds suddenly drops or disappears (a sudden stop);
5. Exchange rates move, making payments on foreign denominated bonds
much more expensive (currency risk), and,
6. A government simply decides not to pay, even though it has the
capacity to pay (repudiation).
Paolo Manasse and Nouriel Roubini studied sovereign default risk and
concluded that many guidelines used for estimating when default was
likely did not perform well, primarily because those guidelines looked
at separate risks. For example, total government debt exceeding 200% of
GDP is often used to indicate stress. However, some other circumstances
may make the problems much less severe (like having a growing economy
and no foreign denominated debt). Other factors might make it much
worse (like high inflation).
CR Note: This is from "Some investor guy". Over the next week or so,
some investor guy will address several questions: What are market
estimates of the probabilities of default? What are total estimated
losses on sovereign bonds due to default? What happens if things go
really badly and what are the indirect effects of default?
Here is Part 1: How Large is the Outstanding Value of Sovereign Bonds?
Next in the series, Part 3. What are the Market Estimates of the
Probabilities of Default?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Calculated Risk using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-10 14:47:30
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Jeremy Rifkin: The Origins of Progress 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Jeremy Rifkin: The Origins of
Progress via VVi11's YouTube Activity on 7/9/10
I liked a YouTube video: The evolution of progress, from its infancy in
the dark ages to the enlightenment.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to VVi11's YouTube Activity using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-10 15:03:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Part 2. How Often Have Sovereign Countries 
There are certainly a lot of countries that wish they hadn't borrowed so
much.  Greece is buying 1 billion Euros worth of submarines (2 of them) from
Germany right now.  They borrowed to buy them.  Will two subs keep the Turks
at bay?  Almost certainly the Germans forced the Greeks to buy the subs and
then agreed to bail out their banks.
Rent is a good deal if you use the capital wisely.  If you don't, it's a bad
idea.   It's defining wisdom that's the difficult political problem.  Most
politicians would like to get votes by spending money now and having someone
else worry about the outcomes later.  Henry VIII bankrupt England building
castles and palaces.   It's an old story...as old as government itself.

@_date: 2010-07-10 17:09:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Part 2. How Often Have Sovereign Countries 
All value is an agreement.  That's why markets are essential.  Value cannot
be mandated.  It can only be agreed.  Money works because it is the perfect
P2P technology.  Value agreement can be a state function, only so long as
the state is itself a valid peer amongst other states.  As soon as peer
status is lost, then value is no longer agreed.  This happens all the time.
It is during that time that banks lose the capacity to transfer one currency
into another.  When one currency cannot be transferred, it becomes
valueless...because peers stop agreeing to a value.
Debt is merely the capacity to buy a future or forward on the value one
theoretically will have some day in the future.  It is a promise to maintain
a commitment to transfer value in the future.  Failing at that promise is
called default.  Again, that has happened tens of times.
Each time it does happen, the place that defaults typically sees their
economy instantly shrink by 1/20 - 1/8 in size...instantly.  That is, the
wealth of the collective people's aligned under that currency collapses by
one part in 10 or so.  Imagine someone walked in to your house and took away
10% of your stuff.  That is what happens when you default on a currency that
has an agreed value of exchange (even one that floats in a market).

@_date: 2010-07-10 17:42:35
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Part 2. How Often Have Sovereign Countries 
Money is at once simple and also profoundly complex.  People like to think
that value can somehow be implicit.  It never can be.  All value is always
and everywhere agreed.  The largest market in the world (by far) is the
daily agreement by banks as to what a currency unit (any currency unit) is
worth.  Either it floats, or it pegs to a currency that floats, or it is
only of value within the borders where soldiers or police can make people
take it for goods and services.  It is in everyone's interest to have
currencies revalue regularly.  Indeed, if they do not do so, we are all in
great danger because if we wish to go somewhere or have some thing (e.g.
fuel) from another country, we cannot know that we can get it.
Agreed.  And it is as old as human history.  It can be done afresh by a
small group, or by a new nation...and often is so.
Indeed.  It is the province of those who run central banks, budgets, and
those who buy, sell and hold debt as an investment in the future.  Anyone
who has a currency unit in their pocket, a mortgage or a loan of any sort
for any good or service is part of a vastly complex fiscal economy.
P2P is the agreement to transact between two persons in such a way that a
number of social goals is realized...usually by sharing a common framework.
Currencies are a commons.  Those who do not understand that, simply have
little or no idea what P2P is.  A commons is agreed and shared mode of
respect maintained for a properly regulated and protected sphere.  It can be
small or large.  Currencies are the largest commons.  They can be shared by
all, or shared by a few.  In my view, the more who share them, the better
they work.

@_date: 2010-07-10 18:01:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] DEBT IS THE constructed PROBLEM AND DEFLATION IS 
Sovereignty is an agreement.  That is why it is problematic.  If you agree
to being an American, a Japanese, a Frenchman, etc. you are participating in
a common framework that empowers governments with sovereignty.  In the
British system, the monarch literally embodies sovereignty.  In the US
system, it is "the People."  The People have rights and responsibilities.  A
person cannot simply choose to no longer participate in a sovereign
framework because it leaves huge questions unanswered (e.g. who says you are
an acceptable traveler?)  Who says you will agree to live under certain
Nations are in fact a commons.  And their currencies are also commons that
have even broader sway.
Every imaginable scheme for money has been tried and tried again.  There is
little likelihood someone will happen upon a scheme that is simple and
fresh.  Innovation takes intense study in very complex frameworks (typically
like science).  That said, I think small currencies and small means of
establishing local value can be beautiful, fun and very fruitful.  I do not
think of them as "money."  Money is a currency, but not all currency is
The rules of money are complex and very formal.  They are typically best
left to the province of states.  Currencies, on the other hand, can be made
and used by anyone from the S&H Green stamp store to the local homeless

@_date: 2010-07-10 20:23:30
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Part 2. How Often Have Sovereign Countries 
No one has ever been able to explain to me why some computer code is "good"
and some is "bad."  I think that is the basis of a currency.  Any time you
can identify value, symbolize it, and then trade the symbols, you have a
great prospect of a working currency.
I could imagine an AI system designed to evaluate code...or music.  This is
good...this is original...this is valuable...and one that would, in turn,
exchange a value token for the work.  Variable transactions are
harder...that is, if speculation is involved.  It nearly always is...as when
someone is paid a salary...which is really a series of forward contracts.
The hardest part of value is that someone else must decide it with you.  It
is like sex.  You can do it alone, but the real intrigue is achieving it
with someone else and both parties need to be freely willing to agree.
Money is wonderful because value is standardized into small units.  Currency
must standardize value, but how?  It can only be through limited supply
(e.g. a commodity) or through common agreement to a standard (1 hour of
expert coding = 10 units).  The trouble with all labour theories of value is
that they are not standardized.  It made sense when shoveling coal was
relatively standardized, but one hour of my time in coding is not worth one
hour of an expert's.
Value is, in large part, tied to use.  Money works extremely well for
use-based systems.  Volume = revenue.  Currency doesn't have to work he same
way, but if it doesn't, it needs to make sense to be adopted.  I find the
open source free system called R profoundly powerful and wonderful.  I would
like to reward those who share it.  Short of giving them money, I know of no
obvious way to bank something for them that they'd want.  Giving them money
seems to subvert the whole idea of free...but I am willing to do it.

@_date: 2010-07-11 10:08:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] DEBT IS THE constructed PROBLEM AND DEFLATION IS 
1971, Bretton Woods, wasn't the privatization of money.  Banks in the US and
Britain, etc. used to regularly print their own notes for 10s and hundreds
of years.  1971 represents the trading of money as a requirement for good
standing of non-commodity currencies.
The rules of contracts are formal.  Money moves via contracts such as
futures, options, debt, etc.  The rules in these areas are highly
formalized, and those govern the way money moves.  One must appreciate the
way money is created...typically through debt...either public or private.
Banks are, and always have been, quasi-governmental.  They are a regulatory
function in some respects...like stock exchanges.
If states tried to provide all banking services, economies would shrink
dramatically.  If one considers that a good, it would be wise.  I am perhaps
old-fashioned enough to hope for continued growth and a growth-based
My views are relatively straightforward on these topics:
1. I believe free market capitalism has largely proved the happiest time for
humans by far.
2. I believe in governments regulating markets.
3. I believe these things require careful balances.
4. I believe that technology is all important in changing the rules.
5. Technology has made labour and learning problematic.
6. Because of 5, the credit/debt economy of the world is now broken.
7. There may be ways to fix 6, but I don't see how.
8. If there is no way to fix 6, there will be great disruption and trauma.
9. Something else will ensue.
10. P2P may be part of 9.  I think "free" economies are a logical technical
11. Understanding free economies is therefore important.
12. There is no future in the past.
13. State socialism and communism are the past.
14. It is possible that debt-based capitalism is becoming the past.
15. If 14 is true, there is an urgency to uncover some means of solving what
will replace it.

@_date: 2010-07-11 10:33:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
I've been asked to explain debt problems as influenced by technology.  I'll
Here's my "theory".  Many others share or have versions of something
similar.  I claim no originality.  I've posted several versions on this
1. Growth occurs when someone produces something others value.  The sum
total of value is the economy.
2. In the past, it was a matter of work and labour to produce something of
value...like digging a hole where a hole was wanted.
3. People learned to take money that was not in use and to use it by
borrowing it and then buying value-production which was then placed on sale.
4. The process of 3 entails risk.  Risk was rewarded by profit.
5. The system of 3-4 really works quite well so long as profit is likely.
6. In a world where learning and high productive machinery requiring low
skill levels is readily available (i.e. post 1990 or so) making profit is
harder.  7. Item 6 is especially true if innovation is not protected by the
state (e.g. through intellectual property.)
8. Because profit is harder especially in tangible goods and services
(because of technology and learning distribution) credit is harder.
9. When credit became hard, the incentives to cheat increased.  People lent
money badly and then cleverly sold the bad loans to others who didn't
10. When 9 happened, the state had to decide whether huge firms fulfilling
important institutional roles would die, or be saved.
11. Nearly all states, especially in Japan and Europe, chose to save old
institutions (e.g. Royal Bank of Scotland), or in the US, AIG.
12. There is now an open question as to whether markets can still create
value (e.g. the iPod) in such a way that debt is justified.  If not,
capitialism in the form that creates ready growth through using unused money
is screwed.
13. When money goes unused, it is difficult to create new money and growth
of value.  There is no/little incentive to innovate.  This can be called
14. Deflation is more dangerous to capitalism by far than inflation.
Deflation means shrinkage of an economy because unused money becomes more
valuable by sitting than by being used.  Thus, people become even more risk
15. When 14 happens for a long time (e.g. Japan) then demographic and
institutional patterns start to become unsustainable.
16. When 15 happens, we do not understand the long term outcomes, but they
don't seem good.

@_date: 2010-07-11 10:50:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
Money is, in simplest terms, a machine.
It isn't like a machine.  It IS a machine.  It is a machine that either
makes something others want (value) or it is a machine that makes things
only a consumer wants (i.e. consumption).
If it makes consumption, it is used up.  If money makes value, like all
machines that can be used more than once, it is a value multiplier.
If someone uses money to create value, then they are productive.
Productivity leads to happier worlds because people have things others
want.  In an eastern-styled anti-desire world, these systems do not
apply...though there is ample evidence, given free choice, nearly everyone
wants something that is scarce.  Wanting fewer things that are scarce is a
sort of advantage in this new world, but it is a choice most would not want
to make freely.  People like cars, tools, luxuries of all sorts...jewelry,
prettier mates, etc.  These things cost machinery...money to produce.  If
they don't create further value...then that is consumption.  Non productive
consumption burns up capital.  It is a fire in the machine shop.  Granted,
it is a necessary fire, but it is a fire none-the-less.
Build a good machine...and value is created.  Build a worthless life or
machine, and value is consumed.

@_date: 2010-07-11 10:58:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
In the past and present, people of enormous productivity (e.g. capitalists)
consumed significantly in a way that others see as wasteful.  Indeed it is.
But they view this as a reward for their huge productivity.  Measuring
productivity and value creation is hard.  No one knows exactly how to do
it.  But we do know that people will argue that their capacity for value
creation is greater than it might actually be.  In other words, people
negotiate for their own benefit rather than society's.  If society does a
bad job at evaluating value of productivity, systems become very
inefficient, and the machines of society too often produce stuff people
don't want as much as they could have if the machines had been used
In capitalism, the more value you create.  The more you get to consume.  In
any other system, immediate imbalances are inevitable.  The only possible
non capitalist system that can work, in my view, is one where moral
responsibility to the society is a sort of currency...as in Nordic
countries.  In those places, value producers subordinate their own desires
to those of others.  Why?  Who can say.

@_date: 2010-07-11 11:14:39
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] steve tallbott on synthetic life 
Hi Michel,
I regularly listen to religious music on my iPod...Kyries, gospel tunes,
masses, etc.  None of it matters much to me as "faith."  But the passion
others had for their faith gave me art.  That is value creating.  So too if
a socialist painter paints a great mural, I am a winner for the effort.  He
didn't do it for my pleasure, but still I win even if the message the
painter or mass composer was attempting to send is not the one I receive.
So I do not reject the value of metaphysics, I reject the message as
intended.  Indeed, as my wife will sadly tell you, I often watch Bible TV
for the entertainment value.  The scams are hilarious.  I enjoy seeing their
ploys for manipulating people.  Do they benefit from my watching? Yes.  Some
machine records I stopped on that station for a time.  So be it.  We are all
capitalists all day every day whether we like it or not.  As soon as we
express a preference for anything...a location, a food, a drink, a type of
cloth, we are complicit in markets.  We have created incentives and rewards
for those willing to answer them.  There is great reward in producing
metaphysics because people want to believe in something simple and
transcendental.  I might find that childish and naive, but I don't
underestimate the power.  Indeed, on my death bed, I might find the value
proposition such as to try prayer.  Some would see that as a victory of
God.  I see it as the market selling me a medicine for fear.

@_date: 2010-07-11 11:29:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
That makes sense, as an operating system is, a software machine.
I see where you are headed on open versus coercive...it is an interesting
line.  Enabling is the key.  The idea must be that people receive more value
by sharing than not.  But still, this beggars imagination because we
understand free riding so well.  Most people will simply hang out and
consume at others' expense while telling themselves and others that they
share willingly and productively.   Such systems (e.g. universities) are
doomed to high costs, low productivity and eventual unsustainability because
people will continuously overestimate the value of their
contributions...which can only be judged by the larger consuming world.
The further I go, the more I realize the only possible system (not the one
most desired) is markets.  Whether markets can function in a post-capitalism
world (a world without debt driven growth) is indeed an interesting
question.  My own guess is that the answers, as usual, rest in the
application of technologies (like robotics, life extending technologies,
On Sun, Jul 11, 2010 at 11:15 AM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2010-07-11 11:50:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
If I could find a world where people are responsive to demand, but committed
to share, I'd be very happy.  On the one hand I find capitalists who espouse
selfishness.  On the other, I find socialists who are usually free riders.
Utopian artisan colonies probably have come closest.  Universities are
vaguely workable...though, of late, free riding has become dominant.  As
soon as I hear that people don't concern themselves with value creation, I
start walking for the door.  If someone doesn't want to pay or trade for it,
it wasn't useful(.)  Philanthropy is of course paying for something that
benefits others.
On Sun, Jul 11, 2010 at 11:44 AM, Dante-Gabryell Monson <

@_date: 2010-07-11 12:21:35
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
Free riders are the long standing issue of all socialist systems.  People
fail to be productive in a way that the world wants.  Therefore they consume
without creating value.  Work isn't work unless someone wants the output.  I
know that comes as news to some, but sadly, it is a universal truth.  If a
person's labour is not demanded, they are in fact consuming...not working.
On Sun, Jul 11, 2010 at 12:17 PM, j.martin.pedersen <

@_date: 2010-07-12 12:00:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Capitalism 
Hi Dan:
Arguing with Marxists is very similar to arguing with anyone who believes
strongly in their point of view.  Personally, I see little evidence to
support Marxism any time I've made admittedly minimal efforts to understand
it.  As I am inclined to work with and use things that are evidential, I
have never seen any reason to seriously engage Marxism any more than I
do have reason to engage others systems or beliefs that are minimally
evidential.  That said, some very smart people have used Marxism as a basis
of analysis particularly in sociology and history.  I don't diss it as a
sort of theory of how the world works much from those academic traditions.
It isn't useful as economics or social policy so far as I can tell.  It also
isn't in any way a good predictor of social evolution.  I think Marx meant
well.  State implementations of his theories have been uniformly disasterous
in my opinion.  Others can certainly disagree, but I think an objective
viewer would find most instances of Marxism in practice to be worse than
mere failures.
You ask is innovation possible in a post-capitalist world.  I suspect it is
not only possible but it will accelerate.  What is killing capitalism
is technology.  Technology is rapidly encroaching on the mind and the body
as to how humans can control and own reasoning.  This is not a bad thing.
Personally, I'd much rather trust a system that was built and vetted by
thousands of doctors and nurses than the ideas of one human.  Soon, that
sort of collective, social technology will be commonplace.  Elements have
already begun.  Your field, learning, is all important.  Soon there will be
a greater synergy between machine learning and human learning.  This is all
but inevitable unless some cataclysm freezes us where we are or in a lower
state of progress.
Innovation requires a sort of willingness to trial.  Trials and experiments
are typically expensive and hard.  In a post capitalist society (one where
debt driven growth is not the norm) it may be less risky to try things.
This will give even further impetus to innovation in co-ops, maker faires,
garage-level manufacturing, etc.  I think all that stuff is very very
exciting.  Anyone who does not have a still or a CNC router or a set of test
tubes in the garage right now is really missing out on what is most exciting
about our times...it is the democratization of R&D...and that is the most
important driver of innovation of all.  Don't get me wrong, we are still in
the corporate age and will be for 20-30 more years at least.  The change is
started though.  Many of the people on this list are doing it.  That's why I
am here.  The associated Marxism is not helpful, but I'm unlikely to
convince those of that inclination of that nor are they likely to convince
me.  In general, it is better, as Michel has said, to seek out common
ground.  I find Marxian influenced people, like people of any strong
metaphysical view, have great difficulty finding common ground, however.

@_date: 2010-07-12 12:12:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
Hi Michel,
There is good evidence profit has been harder since World War 2.  It appears
to be a power law sort of thing...we are in the 20% hardness period now.
It was obvious that starting a business was hard to venture capitalists in
1970.  Now venture capitalists are regularly failing because it is too hard
for them, even.
2008 was a watershed in that the ways people used to simply cheat and
transfer bad debt to governments hit a wall.  Whether that wall is
permanent, I can't say.  I suspect it is.  Governments seem to have died in
the last ten years.  Nearly all but those sitting on lakes of natural
resources or vast hordes of cheap and highly skilled labour are bankrupt.
That isn't going to change soon.  Japan re-entered collapse yesterday.
Electorates will not vote for austerity.  It won't happen.

@_date: 2010-07-12 12:15:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
I did not say that those who earn the most are the most productive.  Indeed,
I said that societies that do not pay those who are most productive the most
reward are those in the most danger.
You'll get little argument from me that most making millions from
footballers to rock stars to CEOs are typically not the most productive
people.  That said, high wages now tend to go to those who satisfy
consumption...not those that aid productivity.  CEOs are an exception.  I've
seen some brilliant managers worth every dime of their millions.  I've seen
others who are fools.
Personally, I've got no problem with great wealth.  I do expect great output
from those persons.  When great wealth is attained without great output
(e.g. through inheritance) societies are hurt.

@_date: 2010-07-12 12:20:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
I actually agree with this.  I am for a minimum earning for all humans
whether they produce or not.
Lula is either a fool or a great man.  Still trying to make up my mind.  He
has done many good things for Brazil which places him in high contrast to,
say, Chavez who seems to have really hurt Venezueala...though Vez.'s stock
market is one the best performing in the last few years!
I am against free riding when a person has been granted education.  I
actually think the US model of limited-time social safety nets is far
superior to the European model that encourages so many to waste their lives
in minimally productive pursuits.  I also agree with the right that
governments have typically been hugely wasteful.  That is now changing.  The
change will be hard...as it will be in higher ed.

@_date: 2010-07-12 12:27:30
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
Actually, no I don't...or I didn't mean to say that there is a high degree
of correlation between income and producitivty at an individual level...I'd
say the correlation is more like 0.6.
That said, I think we can say that across economies of a certain scale,
those with the highest GDP per person and the lowest GINI are probably the
most productive.  The Swiss, the Nordics, Canada, NZ and Australia amongst
small nations...the US amongst large ones...  Russia, France, Germany, Italy
and Britain are somewhere inbetween.
I also agree with MG.  I don't have any problem with socialist ideas.  It's
always in the particulars that matter.  I just personally see no future in
past systems--particularly state socialism.  Just doesn't work.  It isn't
any anxiety or antipathy I have towards it.  Just the opposite.  I'm not
advocating feadalism either.

@_date: 2010-07-12 15:21:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
Nothing can replace capitalism.  There is no known capacity now that would
lead to economically efficient outcomes.  Could we have more efficient
capitalism?  Yes.  Could we all be poorer and have systems that do away with
markets, contracts, free trade?  Yes.
Asia has 4.2 billion people.  Africa has 1 billion.  The rest of the planet
has a little over 1.4 billion...750 million of which live in Europe.  If
pollution is the problem, we know that either the US and Europe must not
continue as today, or the rest of the world must not become like the US
and/or Europe.  Granted, the US is the worse of the two in rates and per
capita, but Europe is overwhelmingly the worse of the two in total outputs.
Europe has 750 million people.  The US has 308 million.  If China equalled
the US in productivity and output for even a fraction of its population, it
is highly likely that its consumption would exceed the US usage
rates.  That's the "pollution" problem.
Then there is the debt problem.  Real income must come from someone
consuming.  The US has, for a long time, been the world's consumer.  We buy
German cars and Pianos, Japanese electronics, Canadian trees and oil,
etc. far more than anyone else.  Without someone consuming, it is very hard
for anyone to be a net producer.  Now that the US is becoming depleted, that
means people will have to sell stuff to a much poorer and much less
sophisticated China...or the world must become poorer.  This the
"consumption" problem.
Given that nations must build and maintain infrastructure like roads,
armies, and social security systems to keep populations productive,
governments must spend funds.  But if taxes go too high, some believe that
incentive is lost.  This is the "debt" problem.  Really it is the same as
the consumption problem.
No system besides capitalism has a prayer of solving these issues.  Arguing
the issues don't exist is simply mad if one has any economic sense of income
and wealth.  Many do not have such a sense.  Perhaps the majority of humans
do not.
For most people the 1-2 billion people who live life in the upper 1/3 of
humanity are all that primarily matters.  Whether this is just or not is a
political and moral question.  For now, it seems few in the developed world
(even those who are most activist) really do much to help the poor of the
world.  Nor have they done much.  If those poor become richer, there are
endless issues.  If the rich become poorer, there are endless issues.  Since
I am in the rich group, I prioritize my own problems.  I hope the poor can
do better, but I would not change 60% of the U.S.'s income and wealth for
doubling the income and wealth of 2/3s of the world's poor.  Even if I did
have the capacity to make such a trade, the laws of productivity suggest it
would be a lost gain in a matter of a few years.  The only thing that makes
people wealthy is skills, systems, good governance and free trade.  Few
places can or do have those things in excess....probably less than 1 billion
of the world's people...most of which live in Europe, North America, or
their satellite regimes.

@_date: 2010-07-12 15:41:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
I agree past injustices suck.  So do today's injustices.  I want to help
people get what they want...things they value...which is growth.  I don't
know what else can lead to sustainable resolution.
The simple truth is that capitalism has succeeded for more people in a
broader way than anything else.  There's just no reasonable argument
contra.  Has it also destroyed people, created injustice, etc.  Of course it
has.  No reasonable person denies that.  The question is, do you throw the
baby out with the bathwater?
On Mon, Jul 12, 2010 at 10:49 AM, j.martin.pedersen <

@_date: 2010-07-12 15:53:51
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
You are very likely in the top 20% of wealthy humans if any of the following
are true:
1. You've ever flown in an airplane.
2. You've ever owned a car or motorcycle.
3. You've ever owned an apartment or a plot of ground with freehold and
clear legal rights.
4. You've eaten more than 1800 calories a day most days of your life.
There are now 6.7 billion of us.  10% is 670 million.  20% is 1.34 billion.
In my work, I regularly discuss quintiles.  In education, it is a given that
the top 20% of performers (nearly however measured) do very well in their
societies.  In the US or Europe, they go to college, etc.  The second 20%
get technical degrees or become skilled labor.  Of course some people who do
those things are in the top 20% or in lower quintiles.  These are crude
measures.  But they are real.
The bottom 20% are nearly always associated either with social welfare
systems, mental health systems, or prisons (often all three.)
That is why I have tried to focus on the 3rd and 4th quintiles...those who
will make or break society by either falling into the lot of the bottom 20%
or who can equal the 2nd quintile.  In Nordic countries, success is
basically that the top 20% are equal to the best of the world, but the
middle two quintiles are not only closer to the top, they are far from the
bottom...which, by the way, is pretty sucky even in Nordic countries.
In India, the bottom 85% live sucky lives for the most part that none of us
would want for our friends or children much less ourselves.  The top 2% live
like the US or Sweden.  The 3rd to the 15% percentile quickly descend into a
lousy life.
It's all about the quintiles.  Show me the cut points for each quintile and
the global level of the top quintile, and I'll tell you what your society is

@_date: 2010-07-12 16:27:45
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] communism is silly 
There will always be a certain charm to the extreme left and the extreme
right that intellectuals will find too tempting to avoid.  Let us remember
Hiedegger was a strong Nazi.  He wasn't alone.  How many rich and elite
Oxbridge types were Soviet agents? Britain was pretty far left in
1948 (and nearly bankrupt by 1975).   France and Italy regularly play with
these things electing communist governments or whatever only to see
themselves get poor in the process and then throw them off.  I pity the
people without the democracy to change back from silly forays right or
I think it is helpful particularly for young people to flirt with these
strong ideas left and right...tea parties and anarchism...whatever.  It is
good to try to find truth.  When I worry is the times when people become
convinced they have found it.  I don't see the world more split now than in
times past.  I'm no fan of metaphysics but I like to see young folks believe
in something.  WIthout a passion for something, life is pretty boring.
The US is often accused of brainless discourse by Euro-types.  In some ways
they're right.  But it is no less brainless than the silliness of small time
Italian communism or the ludicrous right wing of the English national
party.  It is, perhaps, a bit more available in the US because we sell our
TV, we don't control it by government.  If Skye gets bought by the Aussies,
it will make Fox News look like Namby-Pamby land because there is a
festering anger in Europe that hates immigrants, hates Islam and hates
Asia.  And that's because there is always a market for hate, xenophobia,
racism and know-nothingness.  The blame game is an old one.  Poor whites
were always the scapegoat in the US South...anyone who reads to Kill a
Mockingbird with any sensitivity to its time realizes that there are three
groups in the book...whites, white trash, and "negroes."    The question of
the book was whether whites would defend white trash over justice...not
whether justice could or should reign supreme.
LeMonde carries intellectual columns that would lead to outloud laughter if
printed in the New York Times or Wall Street Journal, etc.  I think that is
great.  Vive la differance.

@_date: 2010-07-12 17:17:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
It is hugely unlikely that gross output per person under any other system
will come close to approaching capitalism.  If you like wealth (I do) then
you will find that sad.
What makes capitalism extremely efficient is incentive.  People respond
psychologically and biologically to incentives.  Capitalism is good at
offering them so that people try very hard to overcome risk.
P2P isn't capitalism or socialism.  It is a technology and an ethos.  Not an
economic system.  It is a technology in that it allows people to share
through various mechanisms that are tried and tested for moving value in
networks without high transaction costs and with low information acquisition
costs.  It is an ethos in that it advocates shared facilities to overcome
the costs of individual capital control.
This is pure P2P.  It is also altruism.  Altruism is hard to understand but
it appears to have many biological and psychological underpinnings.   P2P
involves expanding commons and making them better.  Why and how people do
that remain interesting questions, IMO.

@_date: 2010-07-12 17:52:44
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] DEBT IS THE constructed PROBLEM AND DEFLATION IS 
Hi Michel,
Overwhelmingly, since at least 1800, this is the way most money has been
created.  Actual script...cash is a tiny fraction of "money."  See M1 versus
M3 on wikipedia.
Everything is relative.  Free is relative.  I am shocked what the British
call their rights.  As an American they seem paltry.   But the British are a
free people and one I greatly admire.   So it is natural that "free market"
and capitalism itself are relative.  I equate capitalism with the standard
use of debt to finance enterprises aimed at overcoming risk.  Markets are a
given.  Anyone against markets, to me, is like someone against liberty,
democracy, fairness, apple pie, etc.  As a matter of fact, I don't eat or
care for apple pie...but the others I do care for...
It seems straightforward to me.  If it were debatable, I'd debate it.
Capitalism as in free markets has run amok far too often and led to
horrendous injustices and externalities...one of which is gushing into the
Gulf about 1000 miles from where I am sitting.
It is relatively straightforward, Michel.  Here's how.  Risk could not be
expanded by industry because profit was in doubt in the face of rapid
information movement, free systems, automation, etc.  People thought wealth
was expanding because productivity was expanding.  It was in a way...but not
broadly.  You see productivity in the form of information systems is
relatively low in labor demand.  That is, it is efficient in human capital
terms.  Nevertheless, people in information intensive socieities consumed
hugely with the expectation not only of current income, but expanding
incomes.  So they invested in risk...the way most people do...through
housing.  It is still going on....Canada is a mess.  The US is probably 20%
overvalued.  Canada is more like 50% overvalued.  When that comes home to
roost, prices fall, deflation occurs, debts can't be repaid, etc.
The nature is perception of risk and reward.  When people think risk is low
and returns are great, they act.  Usually this leads to cataclysm.  Risk is
always present.  If it is underestimated, capital will be lost.
Easy money (money for nothin' and you're chicks for free) is a very rare
circumstance.  When it occurs (in economic terms it is called pure
arbitrage) capitalists move in to suck up the possibilities very quickly.
In a sense, all profit has become an arbitrage.  People move in quickly to
suck off the opportunity.  Hence the import of intellectual property.   It
offers a form of protection from risk.  Risk is the demon of the world...and
the God.  He who profits with low risk and does it long-term...that person
is a guru above all others.
Don't know what that means, but it sounds like bunk.  Neoliberalism is a
non-word.  Talk to me in terms of actions.  How does a neo-liberal act?
Does she take risk?  If so, then risk must be overcome by expertise,
innovation, and advancement of markets by creating things people value
whether that is cognac or iPads.  Europe is good at elite markets and
blocking risk by arguing they make the best arugula or chocolate puffs or
whatever.  America overcomes risk by shear innovation...inventing the next
cool game, song or craze from hooola hoops to bible thumpers.  Asia
overcomes risk by copying others very cheaply.  Japan is now
quasi-American.  Korea is quasi-Japanese...quality plus cool at a crazy low
price.  Germany goes up market.  They produce insanely great stuff that is
hideously expensive.  England fills in niches.  France sells lifestyle and
aesthetic...on and on it goes.
I disagree.  The problem is that risk cannot become overcome because the
Japanese learn very quickly how to make good scotch.  In a nutshell,
innovation is of minimal advantage.  That is true for individuals and for
nations and firms.  Firms that consistently innovate (e.g. 3M or General
Electric) are declining in value even though they can still do it.  That's
because China and India can copy very efficiently.
Again, these are big words where they are not needed.  The problem is
simple...value is easier to produce.  Therefore it is valued less.  Keep
going and you end up with free.
Maybe.  What really happened in 2008 was that people stole a bunch of money
and then tried to pass the buck to government.  Governments were stupid
enough to take the buck.  It was either that or the death of household names
and institutions...which doesn't help when you are trying to run for office.
Sounds complicated.  Here's my simple explanation.  The private sector made
bad debts and transferred them to the state.  You can only do that once in a
generation.  Now the question is...now what?  How does real value get
created at a level that keeps the go-go economy go-going.

@_date: 2010-07-13 00:42:32
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Anemic and Deflationary Recovery 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Anemic and Deflationary
Recovery via Early Warning by Stuart Staniford on 7/12/10
Buried in this post by Invictus over at the Big Picture, is the above
amazing graph, showing final sales of domestic product following
various economic peaks immediately prior to recessions. This is in real
(ie inflation adjusted) terms, and I double-checked a couple of the
curves myself from the raw data since I was having a little trouble
believing it. Obviously, one thing going on here is that US economic
growth has generally not been as strong in the last couple of decades
as it used to be back in the 50s and 60s.
But the larger issue is that basically there is no real recovery
following the great recession.
Paul Krugman also has a very interesting post looking at what the
inflation data looks like if you don't use the year-over-year changes
normally used (which are a lagging indicator during turning points),
but instead look at the month-over-month changes (annualized), and just
fit a trend-line to them to cancel out noise. For one particular
inflation measurement, he gets:
Not a pretty sight.
So this is deleveraging at work. And of course deflation is the worst
possible thing to happen when you are trying to deleverage, as it makes
the real value of debt steadily greater over time, making it even more
difficult to repay.
Krugman's snarky comment at the end of the post inspired me to go
reread Ben Bernanke's famous 2002 speech Deflation: Making Sure "It"
Doesn't Happen Here. In it, he argues that there are always ways for
the central bank to inject money into the economy and prevent
deflation. In discussing why Japan was nonetheless unable to prevent
deflation from occurring, Bernanke said:
First, as you know, Japan's economy faces some significant barriers to
growth besides deflation, including massive financial problems in the
banking and corporate sectors and a large overhang of government debt.
Plausibly, private-sector financial problems have muted the effects of
the monetary policies that have been tried in Japan, even as the heavy
overhang of government debt has made Japanese policymakers more
reluctant to use aggressive fiscal policies (for evidence see, for
example, Posen, 1998). Fortunately, the U.S. economy does not share
these problems, at least not to anything like the same degree,
suggesting that anti-deflationary monetary and fiscal policies would be
more potent here than they have been in Japan.
Second, and more important, I believe that, when all is said and done,
the failure to end deflation in Japan does not necessarily reflect any
technical infeasibility of achieving that goal. Rather, it is a
byproduct of a longstanding political debate about how best to address
Japan's overall economic problems. As the Japanese certainly realize,
both restoring banks and corporations to solvency and implementing
significant structural change are necessary for Japan's long-run
economic health. But in the short run, comprehensive economic reform
will likely impose large costs on many, for example, in the form of
unemployment or bankruptcy. As a natural result, politicians,
economists, businesspeople, and the general public in Japan have
sharply disagreed about competing proposals for reform. In the
resulting political deadlock, strong policy actions are discouraged,
and cooperation among policymakers is difficult to achieve.So far, both
factors seem to be just as operative in the US in 2010 as they were in
Japan in 2002. It will be interesting to see if policy-makers are able
to mount a materially better response as the situation grinds on.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Early Warning using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-13 00:45:39
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] how a community can own a resource 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: how a community can own a
resource via Peter Levine by peterlevine on 7/12/10
Garrett Hardin's "The Tragedy of the Commons" is one of the most
frequently cited articles of the 20th century. Hardin argued that a
valuable resource must be owned. If it is left unowned, it will be
consumed and not replenished. There appeared to be two kinds of owners:
(1) private individuals or corporations, and (2) governments. There was
heated debate about the relative advantages and dangers of each, but
the consensus held that one or the other type of owner ought to own
everything that matters.
As a result, reformers (governments, international lenders, and
experts) turned forests, grazing lands, fisheries, and other resources
all over the world into property: either privatizing and marketizing
these assets, or else nationalizing them. In many cases, the results
were devastating. As Elinor Ostrom (2000) writes, "In many settings
where individuals have managed small- to medium-sized resources for
centuries, drawing on local knowledge and locally crafted institutions,
their disempowerment led to a worsening of environmental problems
rather than their betterment." This was no small matter: human famine
and the extinction of natural species were sometimes the price.
Part of the problem was conceptual, an assumption that if something is
property, it must be state or private property. As Ostrom and
colleagues have shown, a community can own an asset. That does not mean
that a government that represents the community owns it, as my town of
Belmont, MA (an incorporated municipality) owns Clay Pit Pond. Nor does
it mean that a nonprofit corporation manages the asset as the
community's trustee. The community can actually own the resource. It
needs rules, norms, traditions, or processes that limit the asset's use
and/or cause people to replenish it.
Those rules may include large doses of individual property rights. For
instance, you may own your fishing boat and nets and any fish that you
catch. But the community owns the fishery if only approved people can
fish there and if each can only take a certain number of fish. If those
rules are local government ordinances, we may say that the community
owns the fishery and uses the government as one of its instruments of
control. (It will almost certainly use other tools as well, including
private vigilance.) In many cases, the rules are effectively enforced
without official government endorsement. Violence and threats of
violence may never be necessary, either, if local ties are strong and
outsiders are rare.
An asset can belong to a community in a meaningful sense if it is true
collective property, or if it is divided among private owners who
collectively regulate its use, or if it belongs to just a few official
owners who depend upon and are accountable to the whole community. For
instance, many houses of worship all over the world belong to the state
or a private party who holds title to the land and the building. Yet
those religious institutions are genuinely owned by the community in
the sense that they could never move or survive without the community's
Opening one's eyes to the possibility of community ownership that is
not state or private ownership provides new options for managing
resources, allows us to evaluate and appreciate traditional
arrangements, and calls attention to the impressive skills and values
that people employ all over the world to manage common assets.
See ...
Thomas Dietz, Nives Dolsak, Elinor Ostrom, and Paul C. Stern
(2002) "The Drama of the Commons," in Elinor Ostrom, ed., Drama of the
Commons, pp. 3-26.
Ostrom, Elinor (2000), "Crowding Out Citizenship," Scandinavian
Political Studies (23)1
Ostrom, Elinor (2004) "Covenants, Collective Action and Common Pool
Resources" in Karol Edward Soltan and Stephen Elkin, eds., The
Constitution of Good Societies.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Peter Levine using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-13 07:08:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] EU peak materials report 
Seems increasingly clear that active solar won't be a major part of the solution.

@_date: 2010-07-13 07:29:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] NYTimes: Chinese Factories Now Compete to Woo 
From The New York Times:
Chinese Factories Now Compete to Woo Laborers
High demand for factory labor has emboldened workers, resulting in higher salaries and better treatment.
Get The New York Times on your iPhone for free by visiting Sent from my iPod

@_date: 2010-07-13 07:34:28
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] NYTimes: Surgery: Poorest 2 Billion Remain in Dire 
From The New York Times:
GLOBAL UPDATE: Surgery: Poorest 2 Billion Remain in Dire Need of Fully Functioning Operating Rooms
The world?s wealthiest two billion people get 75 percent of all the surgery done each year.
Get The New York Times on your iPhone for free by visiting Sent from my iPod

@_date: 2010-07-13 10:23:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
Of course we can go back to feaudalism and some will survive and carry on.
The question is, can something produce value at the level of capitalism in a
form that people rationally accept as desireable.  I doub that can be the
case.  There is no evidence anything else begins to work as well as

@_date: 2010-07-13 10:39:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The problems of debt 
Michel, this is well understood in business.  The average life of a product
at HP is 18 months...any product.  FIrms continuously innovation to maintain
margin levels.  ROA and ROE are key indicators of this practice in
business.  Profits have always fallen.  Marketing and innovation must step
in to block the process and reverse it.
Actually I just posted recent evidence from Invictus on Big Think here that
shows each recovery since WW2 is more anemic.  Automation has been bighting
into human wages for a long time.  In short, humans just aren't as
interesting and powerful as they were in 1940.  We are more productive, but
that productivity has little to do with us...and everything to do with our
tools, machines, computers, software and innovative processes.  Profits are
relatively unimportant unless they are driven sustainably by innovation and
productivity.  Windfalls, fads, etc. are not very interesting though they
may skew profits for a time.  Almost 40% of profits earned in the US are
earned by the top 200 financial firms.  Think of that.  It is hard to
imagine we don't live by making hamburgers, steel, airplanes, corn or shoes
as much as we live by making CDOs, government bonds, trades on FX, etc.
Interestingly, about 50% of US stock exchange volume is in 50 top
issues...that's because it is very hard to succeed as a small distributed
firm at a level of profit and productivity that is globally competitive.  In
short, Amazon clobbered Main Street.  In England, by the way, the ratios are
far worse.
I do not disagree on either of these points.  I am a Keynsian...like
Krugman, like Bagwhati.  I agree, productive investments do not cause
inflation.  Inflation is caused by too little product being available for
too much demand.  We have the opposite now...huge amounts of idle
manufacturing capacity and too little money.  That causes deflation.
Inflation is nowhere in site except for gold bug lunatics who have no clue
as to how an economy works.
I don't know what causes these "swings".  That they seem to be patterns of
the past, I find interesting but uncompelling.  I need causality and process
for it to be useful to me.  Deleveraging will not likely be carried out at a
level that is necessary in the next 25 years.  After that, all bets are off

@_date: 2010-07-13 10:53:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Capitalism 
A Crude Timeframe for Innovation
Next 2-4 years.  Universities begin to die wholesale through massive
government cut-backs.  R&D goes to the garages in huge numbers.
Next 4-8 years.  Wiki-like repositories of design projects and mechanics for
sythesizing everything from green transport vehicles to simple drugs start
to emerge.
Next 8-12 years...governments regularly fail based on financial collapse of
soverign debt.  This will start in Europe and spread quickly to Asia and
North America.
Next 12-15 years.  The capacity of homebrew biology products like new
organs, limbs, and rebuilt arteries, etc. will make longevity far less
problematic for the rich (top 20% of the world)...we on this list are all
Next 15-20 years...Last of the large for profit industries find it difficult
to operate in a world where rapid movements to free P2P networks are
commonplace and very disrespectful of intellectual property.
Next 20-25 years...humans become largely irrelevant.  Singularity and
robotic technology makes non human hybrids irrelevant...rather like hobby
farm animals.

@_date: 2010-07-13 11:03:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] radical efficiency paradigm for public services, 
I've been favoring these.  I like the idea.  SImply building tool-intensive
maker-centres would probably have more impact though...but neither is
exclusive of the other.

@_date: 2010-07-13 15:39:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
No offense taken.  I've been called a troll more than once.  I understand
the disaffection and persecution felt by socialists/communists.  They have
little in the way of new ideas, and their political and social systems are
all collapsed or collapsing.  It is a sad life waiting for godot.  Such is
there lot.  We may all be there soon enough.
P.S. always liked the name Ray.

@_date: 2010-07-13 15:49:50
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Capitalism 
Marx was just some guy in the British Museum with a pen and library card.  I
really wouldn't rank him as a first-order thinker.  He punched way above his
weight.  Lenin was a fool and a tool of the Germans.  Stalin was a beast by
any measure.  Mao was a general and a warlord of some talent.  China has
disintegrated since his death into something approaching a combination of
the US and Germany at various stages in the 20th century.  People like
Chavez are laughable buffoons.  Castro is perhaps the best mind of the
communists.  He really understood what was necessary to have a shot.  I
think he is very sad that it has all failed so badly.  I really think he was
a true believer.  Trotsky was the best mind of the communists...that's what
made him so dangerous.  He understood that you couldn't run things and be a
true communist.  That doomed him.  Stalin was just a run of the mill
On Tue, Jul 13, 2010 at 12:51 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2010-07-15 20:32:05
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wikis and academic scholarship 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Wikis and academic scholarship
via Tony Bates by Tony Bates on 7/14/10
Kolowich, S. (2010) Whither wikis? Inside Higher Education, July 14
This article takes a broad look at the use of wikis, particularly for
academic scholarship/research, compared with student applications, and
asks why greater use has not been made of wikis by faculty for this
purpose. One reason seems to be the relative anonymity of a wiki ?
academics don?t get individually recognized for their contributions,
which says a lot about the rewards system and culture of universities.
However, there also seem to be more valid issues around ?credibility?
and ?authority? of open wikis (such as Wikipedia).
Within the topic of e-learning, there are at least two wikis that I
think have been very successful, but both were developed by recognized
?experts?, at least in their initial formation, although both are
openly published, i.e. anyone can read, but only ?experts? contribute.
The first is the Re.Vica wiki on virtual campuses. This has developed
an extensive wiki on virtual campuses around the world, and provides an
excellent reference source on what is happening in different countries.
The other is the Penn State Online Learning Global Snapshot, where
several teams of people, both from within Penn State?s World Campus
team, and other interested parties, built a picture of online learning
in each of six continents (North and South America have different
teams). The Online Learning Global Snapshot was slightly more open to
contributors, as those from outside Penn State who were interested were
encouraged to contribute, without any overt selection process (as far
as I know). I have found both these projects extremely valuable in
getting up to the minute overviews of what?s happening in different
countries regarding e-learning.
In summary, in terms of getting rapid updating and knowledge of
developments in a particular academic field, wikis are probably the
least well exploited yet most promising of all web 2.0 tools. There are
certainly ways in which issues of credibility and authority can be
addressed without losing the uniqueness of the format. I see wikis as a
half-way house between individual blogs and peer-reviewed academic
journals. Each has their value, but each also needs their own minimum
standards and practices to ensure quality and reliability.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Tony Bates using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-16 02:17:02
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The $4 Trillion Dollar Question 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The $4 Trillion Dollar Question
via The Big Picture by Barry Ritholtz on 7/15/10
I have been covering the US Real Estate market for decades. I grew up
with RE (mom was a RE broker and an investor). I have been a housing
bear for about 5 years. I recognized the credit bubble and inevitable
bust long before most other analysts/strategists/economists did.
I mention this just to inform readers that it is very rare that I come
across any housing analysis that surprises me or adds to my
understanding of the real estate landscape in a major way.
Which is why I am so pleased to introduce you to Dhaval Joshi, Chief
Strategist at London based hedge fund RAB Capital (and former Societe
Generale and J P Morgan Strategist).
Dhaval?s analysis looks a variety of housing data relative to household
formation, housing stock, vacancy rates, and inventory is not the
typical housing review. It is quite illuminating.
Can the US economy really return to ?business as usual? when it has 4
million houses surplus to requirement, when 1 out of 4 mortgages are in
negative equity, and when by our calculation, it is burdened with $4
trillion of excess mortgage debt, equivalent to 30% of GDP?
For many years, total mortgage debt consistently and reliably equalled
0.4 times the value of the US housing stock. Intuitively, this average
of 0.4 makes perfect sense as every property usually has a mortgage
ranging from 0 to 0.9 times its value. So in 1990, $6 trillion of
housing collateral could support $2.5 trillion of mortgages, and by
2006, $23 trillion of housing collateral could support $10 trillion of
mortgages. But since then, the US housing stock?s value has slumped to
$16 trillion which means the amount of mortgage lending supportable by
the collateral has plunged to $6 trillion. However, actual mortgage
debt has remained at $10 trillion ? $4 trillion too high.
The fact that mortgage debt has barely declined suggests that
relatively few homeowners have defaulted on their mortgages or paid off
debt yet. Instead, a quarter of all borrowers are sitting on negative
equity. That?s just as well ? because were mortgage debt to shrink by
even half of $4 trillion, the US economy would slump.
Perhaps homeowners are patiently expecting house prices to rise again.
But if so, they may be in for a long wait. Prices are likely to be
weighed down by a massive oversupply of homes relative to underlying
demographic demand. Whether you look at the houses to population ratio,
the houses to household ratio or vacant houses ratio, the conclusion is
the same ? there is a 3% surplus of properties, equivalent to 4 million
homes. And with household formation running at just 0.9 million while
the US is still building 0.6 million new homes annually, only 0.3
million of the oversupply will be absorbed per year (see page 5).
Ultra low rates to stay
A recent study by the Federal Reserve (The Depth of Negative Equity and
Mortgage Default Decisions by Bhutta, Dokko and Shan) investigated the
question: at what point do underwater homeowners ?strategically
default? on their mortgages? Surprisingly, it found that the average
borrower doesn?t walk away from his home until negative equity reaches
a very high level, -62%. But the fascinating thing was that there was
something that could trigger underwater borrowers to default much, much
earlier ? and that something was an interest rate rise.
With a quarter of US mortgages underwater, and likely to stay that way
for some time, the Fed must follow its own research if it wants to
prevent a cascade of defaults. Hence, expect US interest rates to stay
ultra low for an ultra long time.
For many years, total mortgage debt consistently and reliably equalled
0.4 times the value of the US housing stock. Intuitively, this average
of 0.4 makes perfect sense as every property usually has a mortgage
ranging from 0 to 0.9 times its value. So in 1990, $6 trillion of
housing collateral could support $2.5 trillion of mortgages, and by
2006, $23 trillion of housing collateral could support $10 trillion of
mortgages. But since then, the US housing stock?s value has slumped to
$16 trillion which means the amount of mortgage lending supportable by
the collateral has plunged to $6 trillion. However, actual mortgage
debt has remained at $10 trillion ? $4 trillion too high.
Loan to value ratio is 1.5 times too high
To put it another way, the loan to value ratio of total mortgages
outstanding to housing stock value is currently 1.5 times too high.
24% of US mortgages are underwater
The fact that mortgage debt has barely declined suggests that
relatively few homeowners have defaulted on their mortgages or paid off
debt yet. Instead, a quarter of all borrowers are sitting on negative
Higher interest rates may trigger cascade of defaults
A recent study by the Federal Reserve investigated the central
question: at what point do underwater homeowners ?strategically
default? on their mortgages? Surprisingly, it found that when the
decision is based on negative equity alone, the average borrower
doesn?t walk away from his home until it is very underwater (negative
equity of 62%). But the fascinating thing was that there was something
that could trigger underwater borrowers to default much, much earlier ?
and that something was an interest rate rise. In fact, higher interest
rates were even more significant in triggering defaults than higher
With a quarter of US mortgages underwater, the Fed must heed the advice
of its own research if it wants to prevent a cascade of defaults and
the consequent repercussions on the financial system and the economy.
Hence, expect US interest rates to stay ultra low until millions of
mortgages escape out of negative equity.
The US has built far too many houses
Perhaps homeowners suffering negative equity are patiently expecting
house prices to rise again. But they may be in for a long wait. Prices
are likely to be weighed down by a massive oversupply of homes relative
to underlying demographic demand.
Between 2002 and 2006, US homebuilders went on a construction binge,
building 12 million new homes while the number of households went up by
just 7 million. The painful legacy is a massive oversupply of houses
relative to the number of households.
The oversupply will take years to clear
With household formation running at just 0.9 million while the US is
still building 0.6 million new homes annually, only 0.3 million of the
oversupply will be absorbed per year. As there are currently 4 million
too many homes, it may take years to mop up the huge oversupply of
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Big Picture using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-16 02:23:03
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Yes=2C_It=E2=80=99s_Getting_Hotter=2E_20?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Yes, It?s Getting Hotter. 2010
Is Warmest Year on Record via the adventure life by steve casimiro on
Well, this will surprise no one except for Sen. James Inhofe, but
pretty much every thermometer worth checking shows climbing
temperatures, according to NOAA. June was the hottest ever,
year-to-date 2010 is the hottest ever, and the three months of
April-June were the hottest ever. June?s global average of land and sea
was almost 2?F above the 20th century average for the month.
Here?s the full report from Uncle Sam, though calling these results
?highlights? might be missing the point:
Global Temperature Highlights ? June
The combined global land and ocean average surface temperature for June
2010 was the warmest on record at 61.1?F (16.2?C), which is 1.22?F
(0.68?C) above the 20th century average of 59.9?F (15.5?C).
The global June land surface temperature was 1.93?F (1.07?C) above the
20th century average of 55.9 ?F (13.3?C) ? the warmest on record.
Warmer-than-average conditions dominated the globe, with the most
prominent warmth in Peru, the central and eastern contiguous U.S., and
eastern and western Asia. Cooler-than-average regions included
Scandinavia, southern China and the northwestern contiguous United
According to Beijing Climate Center, Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang and
Jilin had their warmest June since national records began in 1951.
Meanwhile, Guizhou experienced its coolest June on record.
According to Spain?s meteorological office, the nationwide average
temperature was 0.7?F (0.4?C) above normal, Spain?s coolest June since
The worldwide ocean surface temperature was 0.97?F (0.54?C) above the
20th century average of 61.5?F (16.4?C), which was the fourth warmest
June on record. The warmth was most pronounced in the Atlantic Ocean.
Sea surface temperature continued to decrease across the equatorial
Pacific Ocean during June 2010, consistent with the end of El Ni?o.
According to NOAA?s Climate Prediction Center, La Ni?a conditions are
likely to develop during the northern hemisphere summer 2010.
April ? June 2010 and Year-to-Date
The combined global land and ocean surface temperature for April-June
2010 was 1.26?F (0.70?C) above the 20th century average?the warmest
April-June period on record.
For the year-to-date, the global combined land and ocean surface
temperature of 57.5?F (14.2?C) was the warmest January-June period.
This value is 1.22?F (0.68?C) above the 20th century average.
Polar Sea Ice and Precipitation Highlights
Arctic sea ice covered an average of 4.2 million square miles (10.9
million square kilometers) during June. This is 10.6 percent below the
1979-2000 average extent and the lowest June extent since records began
in 1979. This was also the 19th consecutive June with below-average
Arctic sea ice extent.
Antarctic sea ice extent in June was above average, 8.3 percent above
the 1979-2000 average?resulting in the largest June extent on record.
China had near-average precipitation. Regionally, Guizhou, Fujian and
Qinghai had above-average precipitation during June 2010, resulting in
the second wettest June since national records began in 1951?according
to Beijing Climate Center. Meanwhile, the province of Jiangsu had its
driest June on record, while Shanxi had its second driest on record.
According to Australia?s Bureau of Meteorology, the continent had its
fourth-driest June on record.
The first six months of 2010 were the driest since 1929 for the United
Kingdom, according to the UK Met Office. The average rainfall during
January-June 2010 was 14.3 inches (362.5 mm), just 3.4 inches (86.8 mm)
above January-June 1929. The January-June long-term average is 20.1
inches (511.7 mm).
Scientists, researchers and leaders in government and industry use
NOAA?s monthly reports to help track trends and other changes in the
world?s climate. This climate service has a wide range of practical
uses, from helping farmers know what and when to plant, to guiding
resource managers with critical decisions about water, energy and other
vital assets.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to the adventure life using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-16 12:49:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Economic statistics 
Both of these are problematic in a number of ways.
Average income can be GDP/person or average wages.  I suspect you mean
average wages.  That is harder to come by for smaller nations.  Also, the
standard deviation is hugely important.  India, for instance, has high wages
for 100 million of its billion people.  But 800 million live on less than 10
dollars a day...many on less than 2 dollars a day.  Therefore you want to
understand GINI indicies.
Cost of living is normally computed by a basket and the UN has several
databases where they are present.  As a data point, it too suffers from high
variance.  London is one of the most expensive cities on earth.  But England
is not very expensive.  So too of New York City and rural Oklahoma.
Even GINI can vary greatly. London has the highest GINI index on earth but
the UK's GINI isn't all that high.  This is true in Asia nations
especially...Africa strangely enough now has the most expensive cities on
earth for executive ratings.  Of course most Africans live on less than 2
dollars per day.
I'd feel more comfortable giving pointers to data sets (Nationstates is very
good) if I knew how you intend to use it.  Averages don't mean that much,
I'm afraid.  I'd encourage you to consider standard deviations and
quintiles...which are much more useful.

@_date: 2010-07-16 12:57:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Economic statistics 
Certainly no one in the US will fault you for using the CIA database which
is exceedingly well done and carefully maintained.  Some places and
organizations obviously blanche at the idea of the CIA.  The data and
estimates are astonishingly good...for the Cayman Islands their numbers are
often better than ours...how, I have no idea.

@_date: 2010-07-16 13:55:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Economic statistics 
If what you are saying is that you are looking for a cheap place to live
that has other benefits, I here a lot of people choosing Panama right now
who are American.  Americans face a lot of bias globally in politics.  I
find even wearing a Canada jacket I get treated very
differently...especially in Europe.  Worthwhile trick for the American
traveller.  For similar reasons, I know many Americans who keep an Argentine
football shirt to where when travelling through South America or Central
America.  I would imagine something similar would apply to owning a New
Zealand shirt in Asia.

@_date: 2010-07-16 15:34:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Economic statistics 
Kiplinger's does a best places to retire that does that.  I think New
Hampshire almost always wins.  Since Massachusetts has healthcare
legislation now, I'm sure they do well.  Low taxes make all the difference.
If you have tax free income, of course you want high taxes.
Economically, the place to live right now is Fargo, ND.  It has tons of
jobs, lots of services, and a huge oil & gas driven state surplus.  With
global warming, it'll be like Oklahoma in 15 years prob'ly.

@_date: 2010-07-16 15:50:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Issues the Money that National Governments 
You are one of those privileged people.  All you need do is borrow some
money based on collateral or your capacity to repay (e.g. from income)...and
voila...you've created money!  It is exactly the way anyone else does
it...governments included.
Only commodities are valued based on rarity.  Money isn't a commodity.  It
is capital.  Actually it is a machine.  Making it produce things people want
and will pay for is a pure good.  Making bad machines isn't a good...but a
But if you are asking if anyone knows bankers or even central bankers...I
can answer yes to both.  It is, as I see it, a noble profession.  If Africa
had better bankers, they wouldn't be poor.  Show me how good a country's
bankers are...how community committed, how productive, how smart, and I show
you how well a country can do.  How else can places like the Cayman Islands,
Lichtenstein, Malta, London or Singapore be explained.

@_date: 2010-07-16 18:14:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What is the Origin of our Money Supply? 
Money is hard to understand.  We didn't understand financial options pricing
for centuries but they existed nonetheless.  With the advent of
Black-Scholes, we understood options...though imperfectly.  Since
Black-Scholes, the understanding is much better...not perfect but extremely
Lots of smart people in the past didn't understand money and banking.  They
said many things about it.  The questions were valid, but no longer are
so.   We understand exactly what is going on now.  There are many things
misunderstood or even not understood, but the creation and operation of
money is not one of them.
But the same is true of health.  The same is true of physics.  The same is
even true of what is the nature of things like evolution, chemistry,
psychology and politics.
There are still open questions about money...lots of them.  But the open
questions don't include how it is created, what it is, etc.
Going back and reading about physics prior to quantum mechanics leaves many
difficult issues unsolved.  We don't do that.  Instead, we use our best
current ideas.  That said, brilliant people didn't understand quantum
mechanics prior to 1890.  If we study those people's ideas, they are often
Historical knowledge is locked in its own time.  Economics, like any science
evolves and changes.  Sometimes what is understood is wrong.  But what was
understood in the past is certainly not as clear as what is understood
now.   Some would call that "positivist."  Of course that is an attempt to
undermine the idea of a progressive base of knowledge.  I have no problem
with that other than the fact that it is typically cynical and usually based
in fear rather than the hope of clearer understanding.  At some juncture, we
need to choose the basis of our knowledge.  For me, knowledge is always
tentative and progressive.  We learn.  Learning evolves and is fluid, but
progress means we have a greater level of certainty about our knowing than
we do about knowing as it existed in the past.  Those who disagree with that
live in a metaphysical world where nothing can be said with any positive or
progressive view to science.  If that's where we find ourselves, we are in a
very sad world where all utterances have equal validity and metaphysical
philosophers know things scientists cannot know.  Personally, I doubt that.

@_date: 2010-07-17 01:24:36
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Making Penicillin 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Making Penicillin via The
Decision Tree by Brian Mossop on 7/16/10
In 1928, Alexander Fleming discovered penicillin through an equal mix
of scientific rigor and serendipity. Still, doctors spent the better
part of the 1930?s one step behind infections that had no regard for
human life. Penicillin was simply too expensive and difficult to
produce in large quantities, and the drug was tucked away on a
laboratory shelf until the outbreak of WWII in 1939.
The US government used the need to treat battlefield infections to
seize control of penicillin production, along with the intellectual
property and patents behind the drug. But Uncle Sam?s questionable
tactics paid off: from 1939 to 1944, penicillin went from an expensive
laboratory experiment to a battlefield staple in every soldier?s medic
Having lost their patents and potential financial gain to the
government, drug companies began the quest to develop other types of
drugs that were similar to penicillin, thereby launching a billion
dollar antibiotic development industry.
NPR had a segment on ?All Things Considered? this week discussing the
full story of bringing penicillin to market, which appears in a new
book, ?A Fierce Radiance?, by Lauren Belfer.
Tweet This Post
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Decision Tree using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-17 11:32:35
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Issues the Money that National Governments 
Everyone should who aims to be productive.  It is easy to do.  Simply
borrow, and money is created.  Those who fear debt are those who cannot make
sound economic decisions.
All money is already P2P.
This is simply a high tax scheme.  It is nothing new.  Tax everyone a high
rate, and it is roughly the same as issuing everyone a same amount.
Money is a machine.  Those who chose not to use it productively...are like
any person who owns a resource (e.g. a computer or some land) who chooses to
not use it productively.  Productivity is giving people want they want.  It
doesn't have to be for the highest price...it can be set up in all sorts of
Basic income is fine.  I actually like the idea.  It should be an amount
that is only delivered if people don't reproduce, pollute, or extensively
use public services that are paid for by tax payers.  Money for nothing is a
pretty sure way to achieve very inefficient economies.  People consume in
perverse ways.  Rights without responsibilities are impossible.
Any person who believes part of their human dignity is to be a productive
and worthwhile person based on contribution to society by means that are
valued in economic terms.
Debt creates incentives that push people to perform.  It is like a test in a
school.  Such incentives nearly always work well.

@_date: 2010-07-18 11:56:22
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] chavez continues to destroy Venezuela: Poverty 
economy of Venezuela is shrinking at the fastest rate in the New World, for
instance.  There is no history (ever) of such shrinkage leading to positive
outcomes, so if Chavez is not thinking about GDP, I pity his countrymen.
 Production of nearly everything but oil and gas is completely collapsing.
 Oil and gas are merely falling.  Inflation is 30% there.  Corruption (read
any article on the Boligarchs) is very high.
Has the government given large sums to the poor?  Yes.  If poverty reduction
= redistribution (some would call it vote buying), Chavez is a genius.
 Unfortunately, years and years of experience show such redistributions are,
at best, a one time shot and need to be done with careful incentives for
sound investments in health, education and social mobility if they are to
work.  At worst, they are society destroying when the rich and valuable
merely leave--which has happened dramatically in V.  It is hard to piss away
oil wealth of the level his nation has, but he's doing a marvelous job of
trying, it seems.  Some would say giving it to the poor is better than
building skyscrapers in Dubai.  As I have said, any bad machine is a bad
Oliver Stone is making a movie about Chavez that turns him into a hero.  The
debate will be well-joined by lots of informed folks this year.  I look
forward to it.  If he's doing anything worthwhile, centrist reviewers with
minimal stakes in ideology will sort it out.

@_date: 2010-07-18 12:04:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Evolution of Trade and Innovation 
It is a very frightening sort of argument Ridley is making...frightening for
both the radical right and the loony left.  He won't end up being liked for
saying these things which are very pragmatic and anti-metaphysical.  The
right actually has the most to lose from what he is saying...and he is now
starting to get attacked very hard from conservatives who need their gods
and laws of nature.  The left is so intellectually hopeless now, I'm not
sure how they can be more damaged.
The New Atheism continues to spark most of the interesting and fresh ideas
even on its fringes.

@_date: 2010-07-18 12:07:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] newsweek on The Creativity Crisis 
Couldn't agree more with the article...we've seen it too.  Good news for
socialism.  Not very good news for humanity.

@_date: 2010-07-18 12:17:00
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Advantages of Debt 
This is a classic Austrian economics argument.  Pick up Murray Rothbard's
history of finance and you'll feel right at home...trouble is...Austrian
Schoolers are very pro-market and anti-socialist (esp. Rothbard & Hayek).
 The arguments you are making are straight from them and very mainstream
right now on Wall Street (See Mish's blog, for instance).  Rothbard was a
first class mind...Hayek one of the highest order.  If it came down to
reading them or Marx...I'd definitely go with the Austrians.

@_date: 2010-07-19 09:36:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] newsweek on The Creativity Crisis 
My own view of why creativity is falling is threefold:
1. There is a glut of funding for schools and research such that real value
is mocked and avoided.  Somehow the idea of "knowledge" as an end became
morally acceptable.  Such academics strike me as people nearly as immoral as
some of the worst criminals.  They choose to waste their lives studying the
valueless.  Consequently, University funding needs to fall by 75% from
states.  We need huge private sector investment to get actual productivity
from schools levels.  Nearly all state schools at all levels should
be privatized.  Fortunately, the UK and several US states are moving rapidly
in this direction.
2. People remain mired in metaphysical and religious dreams that dissuade
them from improving life on this planet.  Too often this allows poor people
to accept their lot and seek a dole rather than an active means of solving
their issues.
3. And most importantly, we don't have the maker centres and technical play
centres available to societies to build and explore garage-level innovation.
 Instead, people sit glued to mass consumption media and allow themselves to
be passively entertained as opposed to actively solving problems.  This is
even worse amongst the theorizing/observing set who really produce almost
nothing while carrying in many cases a decent mind that could actually solve
some real world issues.

@_date: 2010-07-19 21:35:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Is College Education The Next Bubble Set To 
Why colleges are doomed...the biggest bubble yet...
View this email
online| Add
newsletter at businessinsider.com to your address book
          [image:
Share this Email]
SAI  THE
CLUSTERSTOCK  MONEY
GAME  GREEN
SHEET  WAR
ROOM LAW
REVIEW VIDEO   Sponsored
by: *Financial Times*
< Monday,
July 19, 2010
*Is College Education The Next Bubble Set To
The price of a college education, compared to the CPI, has risen
dramatically since 1980. It has outpaced the housing bubble, and has many of
the same characteristics, including a government sponsored credit bubble.
And with competitive quality now in question compared to emerging economies
like China, the value per dollar spent for that American college tuition may
be even lower.
Chart from Carpe Diem (via Humble Student of the Markets.)
 *Read* ? Also On *Clusterstock* Today:
   - *Hugh Hendry Is So Intimidating, Nobody Will Publicly Disagree With Him
   Anymore *    - *Rosenberg: Still Not Convinced? Here's 13 MORE Signs The Recovery Has
   Hit The Skids *
   - *Meet Anthony Ward, The British Cocoa Trader Who Could Singlehandedly
   Raise The Price Of Chocolate Bars
   - *An Economic Recovery With High Unemployment Isn't So Crazy If Laid-Off
   Workers Weren't Producing Anything To Start With
       Advertisement
CHART OF THE DAY: The 60-Year-Old World Credit Bubble That Could Be
Deflating Right Now
CHART OF THE DAY: Here's Why Hyper Republicans Are Going To Crush The
Democrats This Year
CHART OF THE DAY: There Are Far Better Places To Die Than America
      Share this
email: [image: Buzz]
Buzz  [image:
Facebook] Facebook  [image:
Twitter] Twitter  [image:
Digg] Reddit] StumbleUpon] StumbleUpon       [image:
Find Us on Facebook]
Follow US on Twitter]
    The
email address for your subscription is:
*rlanham1963 at gmail.com*<
*Change Your Email
*Unsubscribe* |
*Subscribe*  |
*Subscribe to the Clusterstock RSS
The Business Insider. 119 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10003
Terms of Service|
Policy If you believe this has been sent to you in error, please safely

@_date: 2010-07-19 21:48:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What is the Origin of our Money Supply? 
You make good standard arguments that I respect...not just because you are
making them, but because they are standard and well known.  There are many
rebuttals and I have nothing new to say to them beyond those.
I would point out a few things:
1. All social contracts of any sort are fiats.  They are commons.  All
commons are fiat commons.  Money is an agreement.  No one forces you to use
it.  Indeed, in the Old US West many people tried to survive without it and
did so fairly well.  As far as I am concerned, money is a tool...a machine
that is a social machine...a social contract.
2. All contracts are machines that make value.
3. Value is the point of all existence.
4. Value is defined as those things/ideas/cultures/desires people choose.
5. Money is a means of transferring a large but not complete set of value.
6. People who hold differing political views often think money IS the value.
 It is not.  It is a machine for making value.  THAT is the moral conundrum.
On Sun, Jul 18, 2010 at 1:12 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2010-07-19 21:53:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] chavez continues to destroy Venezuela: Poverty 
The Washington Post recently said it was 5.8% I think.  Sorry, Michel, I
don't have time just now to look it up...but it was the WaPo--a terrible
newspaper by the way...

@_date: 2010-07-20 09:46:08
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
It is an interesting distinction.  I certainly don't hold the poor solely
responsible for their plight.  Neither do I accept that I am responsible for
anyone else outside my choosing.  Biology is the basis for both views.  The
one of the left seems relatively metaphysical.  Metaphysics I find is
generally employed to mitigate pain and fear.  That's quite rational.  I
used to like the word justice, but I fear it has been hijacked from those
who seek fairness to those who seek certain metaphysical ideals...in short,
Political views will always differ and must do so.

@_date: 2010-07-20 09:48:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
How would people explain the altruism of a Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, etc.
 Guilt?
Bill Gates has done far more for humanity than everyone on this list
combined.  Yet, I suspect many here would hold him in contempt.

@_date: 2010-07-20 09:58:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] newsweek on The Creativity Crisis 
There is a great deal of good basic science that is privately funded.
 Personally, I like that model.  States waste.  It's that simple.  Everyone
wants a free and easy living.  Who gets such a free ride should be really
carefully controlled.  Personally, I'd prefer to finance a microcredit bank
in Haiti to building the CERN accelerator which I seriously doubt will ever
give humanity any tangible benefit.  That said, if George Soros wanted to
build CERN with his billions, I'd be thrilled to read the fascinating
results.   Politicians and bureaucrats ought not to be the ones who
determine where and how societies spend their resources except in issues of
national emergency and economic growth--much as Adam Smith advocated.
 Social safety nets and national healthcare systems are far better
investments than research universities...and the research universities can
easily self-fund with rich alumni.  What we are really discussing is fear of
control.  People want the state to be their shield against scrutiny outside
of their "peers."  Nice work if you can get it...especially when someone
else is paying the bill.

@_date: 2010-07-20 10:20:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What is the Origin of our Money Supply? 
Good discussion, I think.
Michel, I use machine because machines are understood to be about
productivity.  Anything designed for productivity is a machine.  Money is a
machine.  Brains are not designed, so I wouldn't call them machines.  They
are instead evolved.  Soon brains will be designed, but not yet.
Evolution tends to be the optimum form of choice in systems when there is no
capacity to design with productive purpose.  If you believe in intelligent
design, then yes, a brain is a machine.
Patrick, there are endless social contracts that are rented.  Police.
 Government.  Prostitutes.  They are everywhere.
Alex, the anarchists view of money is very Austrian (e.g. Hayak, Menger,
etc).  Where they tend to differ is that Austrians are moral neutral to
moral emphatic that markets make for the best social systems.  Anarchists,
as I understand it, tend to want non-market social systems to excel as
well...possibly even things like communes.
The term "fiat" is rhetorical of course.  It is meant to divide and anger
rather than to enlighten.  It's a bit like "artificial" scarcity.
All social theories from the Republic to Leviathan to Two Treatises to Das
Kapital and all those of our own century, start out with metaphysical
ideals.  They hope for some outcome.  They have proven useful to those who
must start governments afresh...like the US founders.  Very few governments
and constitutions are founded afresh...most have some historical roots of
one sort or another that cause path dependencies.  South Africa recently
wrote a brilliant constitution de novo.
Anarchists would dispense with central government.  Austrians would tend to
see central government as a minimalist project.  I am neither of these.  My
own view is that governments should be pragmatically designed to do what
people want.  If people want (consistently) socialism, then they should have
it.  Personally, I'd move out of Cuba if I had the chance to live in the
Cayman Islands instead.  So would most Cubans.
In my world, freedom is valued very high.  Governments move to aid fair
trade, free flows of goods, enforcement of contracts, and the existence of
sound money.  I doubt most of what else they do (excepting national defense)
is done with much efficiency (e.g. running schools or charities.)  But I am
OK with those.  As a pragmatist and a Keynesian, I am in favor of doing what
works best to keep things working best...what is best?  Best is value.
 Value is mostly determined by markets.  Value is what people want in terms
of culture, liberty, etc.  My political views are closest to the late 20th
century legal philosophy at Yale and Oxford--people like Ronald Dworkin.
 Others I admire are Will Kymlicka and Robert Nozick.  I also admire John
Rawls' work, but that is like saying you admire Plato.

@_date: 2010-07-20 12:11:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
Fun is an excellent explanation.  I suspect the great vast majority of what
is done by every human--especially those in developed places, is all about
We now have an economics and science of happiness.  Can ones for fun be far

@_date: 2010-07-22 02:25:01
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] newsweek on The Creativity Crisis 
OK.  But for me, metaphysics is a belief in some sort of system of morality
that derives from a priori judgments.  It is inherently political.
Efficiency is biological.  There are optimal systems for human thriving.  I
know we need morality in a biological sense, and I am all for systems.  But
these must be pragmatic and socially responsive to some means of
governance.  Simply arguing this system or that system is best because of
this moral pretext, that religion, or this view...is medieval.   It is time
for humanity to move on to evidence-based policies driven by what is optimal
for society as judged by means of governance that expand progress and
value.  In the end, progress and value are really one thing.  Metaphysics,
in my view, tends to destroy value because it seeks to impose the
politics/morality of a worldview instead of optimizing for human desires and
needs.  I can be argued what those desires and needs are, and how they
should be sorted and processed...and I would call that evidence-based
policy.  That world relieves us of the metaphysical wanderings about what
justice means, what is equality, etc.  Those have wasted good minds for
centuries.  Better, in my view, to actually help people get something they
want than to talk about what they should want.
When universities and public research begin to respond to human need instead
of the selfish research desires and metaphysical interests of faculty and
researchers, we'll start to see them be of real value.  In the interim, they
are just consumers and free riders.

@_date: 2010-07-22 02:28:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
To call Bill Gates a thief is to make a mockery of theft.  He has produced.
His production has built thousands of good lives, good houses, cars, college
educations, etc.
To paraphrase John Lennon...if you want support for people with minds that
hate...all I can tell you brother is that you'll have to wait.
On Tue, Jul 20, 2010 at 11:52 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2010-07-22 02:34:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] China Overtakes US in Energy Production 
By the way, given that their economy is so much smaller...this suggests they
are highly inefficient in a classic technocracy industrial sense...

@_date: 2010-07-22 02:59:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] newsweek on The Creativity Crisis 
Hi Michel...answers in line.  Thanks for your patience with my outlier views
on the list.  I appreciate that outliers can be frustrating...even enraging
at times.  Dialogue is best.  I think the recent heat will give way to
various forms of light for all of us...
Yes, I concede that efficiency is a sort of metaphysics in a traditional
usage.  I am not a technocrat in the 1930s sense, though I had a period of
fascination with the whole idea of energy economics, etc.  In the end, I
think it is unworkable...as I think most currencies are unworkable outside
of cash money.  I think they can be useful, beautiful...even
enlightening...but they are not realistic and are not a big part of the
future.  I also agree with Bernard Lietaer on some things and Paul Hartzog
on more...  Creativity, for instance, almost demands minimal efficiency.
But efficiency in a social sense is not efficiency in an individual sense.
Efficiency in a social sense is optimizing what people want as individuals
and as groups by resolving difficult tensions between social and individual
desires.  That resolution is governance.  It is hard.  But the objective
should be to minimize the imposition of social demands coming from the
metaphysical views of the few (political control) and should opt instead for
maximizing the desires of the many...with minimal large scale externalities
based on those desires.  In other words, government ought to be a
governor...not a decider.
Here we disagree fundamentally.  Evidence is simply truth.  Truth is not
metaphysical.  It is an approximation of our best techniques and
understanding.  Alternatives may be efficacious at times...but they are not
truthful unless they are based on evidence.  People who deny evidence opt
for a sort of intellectual darkness I find hard to argue with...if someone
tells me their god is causing this flood or that plague...I really have
nothing to say to them.   If they say their chi is misaligned or their
shakra is radiating...still nothing to say.  If they say faith healed
them...I can measure and explore it.  If they talk in terms of outcomes that
are reality based, I am good with it.  If it becomes a discussion of play
words and concepts that have no real sense of meaning...not discoverable
concord as to what is intended by curious and skeptical people, then I have
nothing to say.  Instead, my response is pity.  That may be condescending,
but that's what I feel.  If I encountered someone who held views common in
1305, I'd also feel pity.  Progress exists.  Old ideas are just
that...communism, shamanism, tribal medicine...each may have elements of
truthiness...but are really false in any logical world of progress and
expectation of serious discourse.
I'm sure I have metaphysical elements, but I do deny them because they are
not helpful.  They hurt.  They destroy.  You feel capitalism is hurtful
inherently.  I am just as committed that metaphysics destroys inherently.
What then can we do?
I do have these biases and faults.  But I see them as faults.  I strive
toward a pragmatic sense of truth and judgment based on evidence, facts,
measures, and truthiness.  Humans have had metaphysics for a long time.  It
has been a crutch.  Now we must move away from the crutch toward our
evolutionary advantage of being reason-based.  Reason has made us able to
understand much of our universe.  It is the only thing that has separated us
from species that merely exist.  Metaphysics was a sort of
proto-reasoning...by there is a version 2.0 called progress.  I merely
advocate moving to the new version.
I have no doubt you believe I am holding to a alternative metaphysics.  But
that is a metaphysical bias.  My objective is to avoid metaphysics.  Yours
to embrace it.  That is our key difference, I think.

@_date: 2010-07-22 14:27:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Production Bubble: Why Capitalism Withholds 
Commodity prices move together...it is a function of fear of inflation.
Lately they've fallen.
Wheat is going to be under pressure because it is a hot wet summer in the
US...so volumes will again be high.  Oil isn't that high, so transport will
be soft.  Baltic Dry Indicies are falling falling falling.
Markets are complex.  If only they moved based on the machinations of

@_date: 2010-07-22 14:35:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] China Overtakes US in Energy Production 
Yes, I meant energy intensity.  I wasn't blaming China...I was referring to
classic technocracy which seeks to maximize energy intensity.

@_date: 2010-07-22 14:37:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ecotechnic future 
I concur with most of this that Joss writes.  There is peak oil...and energy
companies are doing all they can (I've talked to senior engineers in the
field) to produce.
Actually, fair value of oil is probably very much higher than current
markets.  In short, most of the producing countries are in a financial
pickle and must sell more than they should because their consumption levels
are gauged to higher prices.

@_date: 2010-07-22 14:59:36
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Defining Altruism ? Normative vs Autonomous ? 
Ahh, back to intellectual property is theft...again, nothing to say to that
religious view.  It is nonsense to most of the world...always will be.  But
by all means, go on believing.  If a person couldn't resell intellectual
property, the world would be like an African country in a matter of weeks.
For me, in business, there is ethics and there is law.  MS might have
stretched ethics once or twice and law once or twice.  Overall, it has
spawned far more good than most institutions...millions have produced untold
economic benefits because of their innovations, marketing, and consistency.
To not celebrate such a great firm is very sad to me.  These are the sorts
of positions that make the left so ridiculous and out of touch with
Passion for openness is fine.  Hating people for making a profit is...odd at
least, insane at worst.
Yes, perhaps, but they were making hay off of MS.  And MS furthered the
discussion by playing the bad guy...Mozilla villainized them at every turn
and built a huge community in part by making MS appear evil.  If MS is evil,
there is blood on every firms hands.  I'm sure some believe that.  It is a
sad world for such people.  I live in a world where firms make great stuff,
trade it, people use it, and people make a living off of it.  Yes it isn't
perfect.  Is it good?  Far better than anything else ever devised by a long
Lennon was a lot more right than Lenin.  Imagine was genius.  You say you
want a revolution probably saved more people from Cold War lunacy than
anything else.  I'd say he was a great hero.  But in that sense I am a bit
of (metaphysical) romantic.

@_date: 2010-07-22 15:01:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who Issues the Money that National Governments 
If you feel this way, start a bank and lend money without interest.  It
could be done.  Any credit union could do it.  Why don't they?

@_date: 2010-07-22 15:18:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Production Bubble: Why Capitalism Withholds 
Hey Patrick...no problem.
Always...question everything...so long as there is a rational for coming to
a resolution of what is best thought...that is based on some form of
evidence and fact rather than metaphysic.
Not always, but that will be the pressure.  Markets are complex.  If it was
pure supply and demand all traders would be rich.  There are numerous
Everyone is for abundance.  But things must be bought.  People own
things...including the right to production.  Actually...prices under
capitalism have dropped hugely over the centuries for nearly everything.
Probably always will.  In the short run, prices tend to rise given currency
inflation.  An ounce of gold buys hugely more than it did 40 100 or 300
years ago.
Consumers choose what to do with their assets.  They can buy modes of
production or specialize and consume more.  Most wisely choose to buy apples
from an apple farm rather than purchasing apple tree stock or growing a
tree.  Specialists are vastly more productive and thus more people are
served by economic efficiency.
Happens all the time.  We call those corporations.  No need to own the item.
Instead, merely invest in the optimal financial return because money is a
machine that makes other capital from wheat to submarines.
That is the basis of a barter economy because no one can own every mode of
production for their many demands.  It would lead to massive and
instantaneous poverty.
In fact, markets tend to rarely destroy production.  Governments sometimes
do.  Better to let the market work.
Anyone can give anything away.  The reason people don't do so is the reason
your or I don't.  That's because value exists in our property.  We all have
property...even people in Cuba.  We can metaphysically deny it, or we
can construct systems that excel based on our property law (i.e. market
capitalism or market socialism).
Scarcity is a function (always) of incentives.  What most people on this
list fail to try to understand is the psychology of incentives.  Incentives
are why utopian colonies always fail.

@_date: 2010-07-23 21:13:23
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ed Cotton: Corporations Need A Reason For Being 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Ed Cotton: Corporations Need A
Reason For Being via PSFK by Ed Cotton on 7/23/10
Could corporations have lost track of their reason for being?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to PSFK using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-23 21:17:12
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Frans de Waal: Fair is fair 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Frans de Waal: Fair is fair via
3quarksdaily by Abbas Raza on 7/23/10
This post is the first in a four-part series of essays for Scientific
American by primatologist Frans de Waal on human nature, based on his
ongoing research. De Waal and other researchers appear in a series of
Department of Expansion videos focusing on the same topic. [See below
for parts 2, 3, and 4.]
Frans de Waal in Scientific American:
Fairness is viewed differently by the haves and have-nots. The
underlying emotions and desires aren't half as lofty as the ideal
itself. The most recognizable emotion is resentment. Look at how
children react to the slightest discrepancy in the size of their pizza
slice compared with their siblings'. They shout, "That's not fair!" but
never in a way transcending their own desires.
An experiment with capuchin monkeys by Sarah Brosnan, of Georgia State
University's CEBUS Lab, and myself illuminated this emotional basis.
These monkeys will happily perform a task for cucumber slices until
they see others getting grapes, which taste so much better. They become
agitated, throw down their measly cucumbers, and go on strike. A
perfectly fine vegetable has become unpalatable! Not all economists,
philosophers and anthropologists were happy with our interpretation,
because they traditionally consider the "sense of fairness" uniquely
human. But by now there are many other experiments, even on dogs, that
confirm our initial findings.
More here. And here are parts two, three, and four.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to 3quarksdaily using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-07-24 13:10:41
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Production Bubble: Why Capitalism Withholds 
Hi Marco,
I will try.
There seems to be increasing evidence that, as apes, we care about caste,
hierarchy, structure, relativity of reward and that these systems of reward
and motivation are not to be reasoned away...they are in the bone.
If this is true...if...then we must somehow come to terms with our own sense
of desire.  We want.  We need.  We hope.  Intellectualize that away, and we
become socialist robots devoid of our human desires...in Star Trek terms, we
abandon our inner Klingon.  It will not be abandoned.
For the Klingon in us is what makes sex power and joy and what makes cities
vibrant and full of despair and dreams.  Kill the animal and AI has won in
all the wrong ways.  The true AI will be emotional, devotional, wanting,
passionate and hungry for experience, emotion, and experience.
It is a strawman (as usual) to posit that the so-called neo-liberal
transhumanist state leads to money-making robots talking to other
accountant-like robots.  No.  The killers need to drink blood.  It is indeed
the equilibrium seekers who expose their fear of their own humanity.  It is
they who seek to be neutered.  To be sexless, emotionless, desireless monks
lost in inner worlds of metaphysics because the real world is too emotional,
too traumatic for them to bear.
And so, we must know our gut.  We have to plumb passion if we are going to
be peers.  We need to understand the tentative nature of our wants and the
delicate balance of peace in a bar full of tail.
Until we do that, until we realize that hierarchy and mud wrestling are in
us like intestines and marrow, we're not on a good path.
It is these passions set loose that kill the idealist and the utopian.  It
is the Amish whore who burns the colony down.  It is the desirous monk who
rises to command an army of Tibetans.  There is no abandoning these
tendencies.  They are us.

@_date: 2010-07-30 16:22:25
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In the Future, 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: In the Future, We'll All Wear
Clothes Made by 3D Printers [3D Printers] via Gizmodo by Kat Hannaford
on 7/30/10
...Though I hope the fashions will have changed by then, as these
current examples look like plastic chainmail. Some designers are
already using 3D printers to create textiles apparently, with the
possibility of creating tailor-made figure-hugging being an attractive
Fashion site Ecouterre has an article on the 3D printed clothes
phenomenom, and the museum of Modern Art is exhibiting the Dutch
designer Freedom of Creation's works already. It's not just the lure of
having clothes that fit properly that's appealing for designers?3D
printing also helps cut down on labor costs and could be seen as
reducing waste. [Ecouterre via BoingBoing via FabSugar]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Gizmodo using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-01 21:29:31
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "representative democracy" 
The good news is that such theatre is hard to maintain and if it is
convincing to the locals, the will start to believe they have the right to
democratic systems even if the tables are rigged.  This is a bit like
America in 1880.  Even if the tables are rigged, at least people believe
they are playing a fair game.  It may be that belief is more important than
the actual outcomes.

@_date: 2010-06-02 08:30:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Role of civil society 
I generally agree that corporate actors will be bad if left to their own
devices.  But so will government and non-profit actors (e.g. the Church).
Anyone not "regulated" is likely to be rogue including governments.  I don't
trust anyone because they say, "Hey, I'm a good guy, not in it for the
money, so trust me!"  Any clever demon always looks like an angel.
That said, civil society allows us to build social meshes that do provide
checks and balances.  But it isn't a regulate everything world that works
with civil society.  Is a concept of responsibility implicit in peer
I have worked in non-profit, universities, for profit and government.  I
really see very little ethical difference between any of these.  Top people
are typically ambitious and have conflicting motivations.  Junior people are
generally trod upon, quick to slack off, and lacking in long-term
All forms justify their roles and resource uses as the most ethical given
their point of view.  And I personally believe there is a big place for all
in most societies.  Governments must exist to mandate big changes--though
they often fail to do this in time or appropriately.  For profit must exist
to drive motivation and innovation.  And non-profits must exist as an outlet
for those unable or unwilling to participate in existing schemes that can
generate monetary value.  Even still, non-profits are a market of sorts in
that they draw philanthropy.  I suppose what I have saying is that a garden
with lots of plant types is better than a garden with a few...even if the
few are my favorate types.

@_date: 2010-06-03 09:04:04
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Rise of the Replicators... 
Rise of the replicators
New Scientist Tech June 2, 2010
Researchers and hobbyists around
the world are developing desktop
manufacturing plants with the aim to
create a machine that is able to fix
itself and, ultimately, to
replicate. Already, anyone with a
few hundred dollars and some spare
time can build low-cost versions of
a 3D printer from plans available
free on the...

@_date: 2010-06-03 09:11:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Co-operative Supermarket built on voluntary 
This is exactly the sort of idea where P2P's real impact will next blossom
IMO...this could be done for clothing, used furniture and new, for health
services...for pharmacy...for childcare, youth programmes, sports leagues,
for schools...for universities...for banks...(we used to call them building
societies)...  Some people have been referring to these as secular
churches.  Of course it is just effective civil society.
As an aside, I have a relation using Zip and City Cars in London...extremely
effective and very positive review..."best idea ever" was their response.

@_date: 2010-06-04 19:48:47
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Online: How the Internet is slowly replacing formal 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Online: How the Internet is
slowly replacing formal learning via Online Learning Update by Ray
Schroeder on 5/26/10
By Scott Ijaz, U Weekly
Top tier schools like The London School of Economics, MIT and Yale
embrace the advent of self-educational websites through Open Course
Software. Open Course Software streams recorded lectures from the
classroom into the audience?s room. The Internet viewer who doesn?t
drop a dime experiences the same explanations as the students in the
classroom who pay high-end tuition dollars. Nathan Shubick, a second
year student studying physics, better comprehended the online
explanation than the classroom?s. ?I went to the oyc.yale.edu, and
listened to one of their teachers explain the same material on a
podcast,? remarked Shubick. Shubick favored the Internet source over
his classroom teacher. ?Turns out, the Yale professor authored the
textbook which my university teacher refers to in class. It was easier
to learn coming from the horse?s mouth,? he said.
Share on Facebook
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Online Learning Update using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-07 16:16:34
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Squatting in Buffalo 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Squatting in Buffalo via Early
Warning by Stuart Staniford on 6/7/10
Not much from me this morning as I have discovered the BEA Table CA06,
which has details on compensation by industry, for every county in the
country and I am busy figuring out how to digest all the data. In the
meantime, there is a fascinating article in the New York Times on
squatters in abandoned houses in Buffalo, NY. This is the kind of thing
I expect gradually more and more of as we go forward - as industrial
society continues to need a smaller and smaller fraction of the
population in order to function, people will find various ways to
survive on the fringe of it.
Also, this link comes courtesy of Ran Prieur, who seems to be a thought
leader amongst career drop-outs. His manifesto is here.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Early Warning using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-11 22:34:01
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] self-control is exhaustible 
Interesting.  I've always thought school performance correlates almost
totally with discipline.  This would suggest, if I am right, that grades
simply measure an innate ability--even if it isn't intelligence.

@_date: 2010-06-13 01:47:24
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] MakerBot in the Times (UK) 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: MakerBot in the Times (UK) via
MakerBot Industries by Bre Pettis on 6/12/10
Jonathan Richards wrote up MakerBot is in the Times (UK). W00t!
The next time you have friends round, and the bottle opener goes
missing, consider how impressive it would be if you could say: ?Don?t
worry. I?ll just print off another.?
For $980, you can purchase what may ? if enthusiasts are to be believed
? be the next step in a revolution that has already given consumers the
ability to print high-quality photos at home: highly customisable
The ?Maker Bot?, the brainchild of a 12-person team based in Brooklyn,
New York, ?prints? 3-D objects out of plastic by rendering a series of
2-D layers, one on top of another.
The contraption, which measures about a cubic foot, works by receiving
a series of instructions from a small, micro-controller known as an
Arduino, which the owner can program.
As each layer is printed, a thin tube of plastic is funnelled down
through a sewing machine-like mechanism on to a metal base ? heated to
230 degrees ? which moves so that the correct shape is ?drawn?. A
bottle opener takes about 20 minutes to print. Among the other objects
available in a giant, online collection of designs known as the
?Thingiverse?, are jewellery, tools, small toys, even an outline of the
head of Thom Yorke, the lead singer of Radiohead.
The Maker Bot ? 1,200 of which have been shipped worldwide ? is just
one example of what was referred to at an internet conference in New
York this week as ?pluggable culture?, a world where, increasingly,
consumers are able to build things using simple interfaces to
technologies that would previously have been out of their grasp.
Becky Stern, a US artist, for instance, recently used an Arduino she
programmed herself to embed a flashing display in a bag ? and made the
code available on the web.
Just to keep it real, the MakerBot is $950 and there are 1562 in the
wild right now.
Read the rest on the Times site! Registration required.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to MakerBot Industries using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-13 08:49:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] faroo p2p search + facebook quitters 
Facebook (and for that matter the whole Apple process) is selling ease.
People miss the point.  What Facebook has is little different than what
anyone can have on their own webpage...that was even more true of MySpace.
The trouble with tinkering worlds is that ease of use and access are not
cool.  Just as actually working on real problems is not cool for political
theorists.  So it creates a huge market opening because people want ease.
Apple's complete strategy is complex apps with ease.  Anybody...a
neophyte...can do it.  Facebook is the same.  For that matter, Wikipedia is
the same.
Accessibility was the key.  There is something still perverse in the
tinkering world that loathes everybody playing.  I think it makes something
less "techy."   Part of this is political.  People want only their friends
to be in their club, and part of it is market-oriented in that people want
rare skills.  So they build fragmented units.  Again, that creates the
authentic market opening for easy linkage along minimally complex lines.
Giving people what they want at price they are willing to pay (often free or
seemingly so) is the definition of markets.
Those who don't get ease want to build "e-harmony" for their cause.  Those
who get ease are readily inclusive of any model or form.  When they are not
(e.g. Apple with porn) it generally causes almost more problems than the
stance is worth.   Every exclusion creates a incremental perhaps exponential
cost in terms of success.

@_date: 2010-06-14 13:48:07
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Homebrew Industrial Revolution: A 
Great stuff!
On Mon, Jun 14, 2010 at 1:20 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2010-06-16 12:04:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Massiive Solar Storm in 2013? 
Depending on your email program, you may be able to click on the link in
the email. Alternatively, you may have to open a web browser, such as
Firefox or Internet Explorer, and copy the link over into the address bar.
For the best content online, visit

@_date: 2010-06-17 08:03:23
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] land multipliers 
These are numbers of the sort I recall having seen before.  Further, the
world is urbanizing extremely rapidly...particularly in developed countries
because jobs are nearly all in cities.  Something strange has recently
happened in the US where wages in the finance industry are now higher in SF
and Boston than NY--never happened before.  So there is some evidence that
the super centers are also vulnerable in some ways.  London just recently
published a population growth forecast I think.  It should substantive
growth in many areas especially to the west of town.

@_date: 2010-06-17 17:59:26
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Economics 13/06/2010: Mapping Dublin's weight in 
The reason I show this is that cities obviously account for a
disproportionate share of national productivity. That alone would tend
to dictate the world will urbanize.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Economics 13/06/2010: Mapping
Dublin's weight in economy via True Economics by Dr. Constantin
Gurdgiev on 6/13/10
Here is an interesting set of data for some of the world's leading
cities in terms of their contributions to country GDP and their share
of total population. Sizes of the bubbles reflect the ratio of
contribution to GDP to share of population. Greater Dublin is taken as
per CSO: Dublin plus Mid-East region.
To me, this really does put into perspective the necessity for
continued investment in the Greater Dublin region and the futility of
our serial National Spatial Development Strategies.
We hear so much about the massive urbanization in the emerging
economies, especially in the East. This process, in fact, is very much
a reality. But what we do not hear about is urbanization of our own
economic activity. The fact that Dublin stands out amongst the most
urbanized zones, relative to the rest of the country, in the world is
telling me that Ireland should focus more attention on developing the
Greater Dublin region to reflect the reality of demand of the firms'
and workers' for its location.
Updated: see the same chart with Dublin only:
Note: per CSO "The Mid East region (Kildare, Meath and Wicklow) and the
Dublin region are affected by a substantial proportion of their
workforce living in one region and commuting to work in another."
That's as much of a 'definition' as we get to reflect the most likely
fact that vast majority of commuters are to Dublin...
And here are the inputs that went into the above charts:
And the source for Dublin figures: National Accounts, regional incomes:
Notice that Dublin City's overall relative weight in the economy (ratio
of share of GVA to share of population) rises relative to Greater
Dublin, as expected, in line with the evident 'bedroom communities'
nature of Mid-East region. Just look at the CSO figure for Mid-East
share of GVA.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to True Economics using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-17 18:14:02
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How energy actually gets used 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: How energy actually gets used
via Ezra Klein by Ezra Klein on 6/17/10
This graph is the clearest visualization of our energy economy that
I've seen (click for a larger version):
That graph comes by way of Keith Hennessey, who observes that "when
battery technologies improve, the fuel and power worlds will blend in
the U.S., and there will be strong and direct economic relationships
between the production of electric power and the use of oil. Until that
day, from an energy perspective, 'fossil fuels' conflates oil with coal
and natural gas in a way that is at best confusing and at worst
misleading. Substituting biofuels for oil or making vehicles more fuel
efficient has almost no effect on the amount of coal or natural gas we
use." And coal-fired power plants, as those who remember this graph
will know, remain a bigger problem for carbon emissions than most
people realize.
Graph credit: The University of California, Lawrence Livermore National
Laboratory, and the Department of Energy.
Energy - United States - Technology - Department of Energy - Business
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Ezra Klein using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-17 13:33:47
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] land multipliers 
Trouble is, urban populations are fluid.  Ag production much less so.  So,
to keep pace with demand, urban centers of ag would have to have
standardized outputs (essentially a put contract) that would allow them to
plan for possible demand drops and lulls.  It is easier to reallocate
transportation resources than production.  Hence rural farms with transport
will continue to make much sense.  Biodeisel trains could move all the food
Londoners need in a day in, say, 100 train cars.  Pulling such a train
perhaps 200 km is maybe, ballpark, a 2000 gallon transaction.  2000 gallons
of diesel, even at 5x today's price...well within feasible biofuel ranges,
would be only 25,000 USD--a pitance to feed London for a day.

@_date: 2010-06-17 14:46:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] land multipliers 
Yes, both are improvements.  But the localization fans haven't really made a
case based on any rational driver.  Carbon...costs...feasibility, etc.  I
personally like the idea of skyscraper farms in Manhatten and Fulham, but I
don't yet see how they are feasible or sensible.  Of course plenty of cities
have brownfields of various sorts that are idea to transition as farms.
Still, I think some sort of farm market put system that guarantees a market
to urban producers would be the best incentive cities could create if they
wanted lettuce on 4th street.

@_date: 2010-06-17 15:25:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] land multipliers 
It's an interesting question.  Take an island nation like the Cayman Islands
or a place like the Emirates in the UK where land production is
difficult...as in the Caribbean.
I have wondered if we could beat the market by buying 30000 acres of land in
Florida and essentially pruducing all the wood, meat, greens, etc. that we
largely need.   This would be a government corporation designed to be for
profit which would issue bonds to its own citizens alone--essentially a debt
co-op/government sponsored enterprise...not unlike FANNIE MAE was...once one
of the most successful firms on earth.   What governance would it take for
it to work?  One, it would require that the market be temporarily suspended
so that production could get up to speed.  Once it was going...would people
want it?  Funny how people like 30 types of butter on the shelf.  Russians
used to be amazed at US supermarkets...couldn't image such an enterprise
could make sense...and yet those firms regularly operate on 1% margins.  Why
would localization be more efficient?  I have my doubts....

@_date: 2010-06-18 10:05:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] land multipliers 
I wonder why it is cheaper to process water in cities than to pipe it out?
I mean, what's the difference between water and food?  Water is cheaper per
unit weight, but it easier to transport.  Why not purify water far away and
train it in to cities?  Perhaps it is because sewage would need to be
trained out.

@_date: 2010-06-18 14:42:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] land multipliers 
Hi Chris,
I'm just mentally noting that cities clean water locally.  Why?  If water is
better to clean locally, what economics make it so versus food?  Land and
NIMBY are always cheaper in rural locals.  Thus, why is water a special case
of urban processing in most cities?

@_date: 2010-06-21 10:59:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
Hi Michel:
A couple of points.
1. No one knows or even has a good clue about what is coming in terms of
national finances.  Markets do not predict anything now but increasing
Chinese dominance.  The markets would know best...more money is spent there
predicting than anywhere else.
2. The best predictive information is almost certainly demographic.  We have
discussed this before.  Europe and Japan are aging.  The US,
China, Brazil and India are staying the same or getting younger.  The
outcomes from this seem more obvious than other predictors.
3. Military spending is often just consumption of stocks--like oil and
steel.  These are both good and bad for economies.  School costs are
overwhelmingly wages.  Wages from a government are probably not ideal
economic outputs in almost anyone's book.  There is also a policing value to
military spending (i.e. prevention of bad things).  One may disagree with
the politics, but it is clear most countries of the world use the US
military to freeride--it has funded European growth for several decades at a
pittance cost to the Europeans--especially the Germans and low countries who
have benefited hugely with minimal costs.
In exchange for the freeride (in my opinion) the dollar stays a carrying
currency in crises.  This is a fair trade as it allows the US Government to
manipulate the world's primary currency to its own short-term advantages
mostly by printing money and inflating the world economy to minimize US
transfers of corporate and consumer debt to the government--a trick the rest
of the world recently learned.  The Euro was meant to compete and to allow
Germany to force other nations to be reliable consumers of quality goods.
It won't compete in the long run because it is inherently unstable.  Neither
will the Yuan.  Ask yourself, will you trust the Chinese to run the world
economy no matter how much one despises Americans and their way of life?
The US has held the world's hand for 50 years quite effectively for the most
part.  Any practical person knows this and will hope it continues.  For all
its flaws, no nation has been as selfless and as giving as the US.  It isn't
close.  But there has been compensation for that "selflessness" so maybe it
is as much selfish as selfless.
4. Local governments in the US and elsewhere almost exclusively focus on
education along with keeping peace (police, fire and ambulance).  The
largest employer in any small county in the US is the school system, but
that doesn't mean the economy of those places thrives.  Quite the opposite.
In fact, there is no way to correlate school spending with economic
gain--i've tried.  What you can say is that educational achievement
correlates very well with most good things.  Whether that is causal is far
from obvious.
5. It is true that those who live through gifts from the state or
philanthropists will not have an easy go in the future.  All the more reason
why P2P can and should thrive.  That said, world philanthropy remains at all
time highs and Bill Gates has just started a programme to ask all US
billionaires to give away at least half of their wealth while alive or at
death.  Apparently the response is strong.  Foundations are large and
wealthy right now...community foundations in particular.
6. Government deficits will fall and must do.  How fast this can and will
happen is anyone's guess.  I agree that 40% cuts in anything less than a
decade would be draconian.  I predict 3-5% annual cuts in spending.  Low
interest rates will continue OR inflation will explode.  It is a binary
system with no intermediate equilibrium.  If interest rates rise, inflation
will follow or vice versa depending on your views on macro economics.
7. If I were young and smart, I'd go to the US because you can have any skin
tone and any attitude and still succeed.  If I were Chinese, I'd stay in
China and if Indian, in India.  Brazil is another excellent option for those
with an odd passport because B. is growing at 9% and more open minded about
extranationals than most places.
If forced to live in a world of nation states, I'd ask the following
1. Who do you trust to a) protect liberties, b) stay solvent while still
offering safety nets c) not go into world ending war d) protect people of
varied backgrounds and views f) offer economic and social opportunities g)
stay demographically sound?
2. Who do you trust to avoid the problems of racial and nationalistic
tensions most?
3. Who will accept people for talent's sake and not for reasons of blood,
family, culture or religion?
4. Who uses a language that is common, technically useful and economically
5. Who offers people a chance to start over?
There are many small options that meet these criteria...Barbados for
instance.  In Europe, there are few options....probably Germany, France
Sweden, Holland, Iceland or Norway are most realistic or, possibly
Switzerland or the UK--especially for the rich.  But we all know these visas
are hard and problematic.  The best way to get them is to have an
engineering degree and to be young.
Overall, the US, Mexico, Brazil, Colombia and Argentina are good
options...as are Singapore, parts of Africa and limited parts of Asia.  NZ
and Australia are also fairly open and fair...especially NZ.  No one takes
more migrants and immigrants legal and illegal than the US--by a wide

@_date: 2010-06-21 21:22:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
Hi Michael.
Jingoism it may be.  Still, to my mind, only a fool thinks the world a
better place with a weaker and less influential US.  I invite Europe and
Africa to cozy up to China, Russia, Brazil and Japan and to find out if the
deals are as fair and as just.  I doubt they will be.

@_date: 2010-06-22 11:01:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
I hope you live long enough to remember hoping for a "multi-polar" world.
Europe once again leads us into the dark.

@_date: 2010-06-22 11:27:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
Clearly few people on this list hold "pro-US" viewpoints.  That is part
caused, I think, by the European left which has always been nationalistic
and elitist (while singing the Internationale!), and part identification of
the US with corporate agendas...which is historically absurd.  Indeed Niall
Ferguson--probably the best known European historian of the day, regularly
chides the US for not being more corporatist.  But such is politics.  And
such is the historical left which can always find a way to seize defeat from
the jaws of victory.  P2P is happening and happening very fast.  Sadly, a
lot of old scores are being lumped with it that will ultimately threaten its
success--mostly a sadly naive internationalist/socialist agenda.  The moral
relativism of Europe is always quick to see an evil US and an evil Israel,
and ever slow to see a gross environment disaster in the Gulf or in Nigeria
largely of their own making.  It's an old and a sad story of lack of
responsibility and lack of commitment to moral good that takes real
commitment.  Usually it leads to large numbers of US graves in some distant
land formerly carved and made "civilized" by enlightened Europeans who have
a clear vision of how the world SHOULD be.
I am grateful that the governments of Europe...especially the conservatives
in the UK, Sarkozy in France, and Merkel in Germany realize the absurdity of
these historical left positions and work to undermine them gently.  P2P will
be the better for it.  Anarchism and general decline of civilization, on the
other hand, will have to wait a day or two.  Chances are good those will
come soon enough.

@_date: 2010-06-22 17:42:45
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Comparing US and European Fossil Fuel Use 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Comparing US and European
Fossil Fuel Use via Early Warning by Stuart Staniford on 6/22/10
Commenter Mister Moose reacted to yesterday's piece by noting that
Europe is famously densely settled and with good public transport,
accounting for its lower oil usage. However, what is striking is that
European natural gas and coal usage are even more dramatically lower
than the US. These next paired pictures show the composite fossil fuel
usage (click for larger versions in a separate window). When I first
made this, I couldn't quite believe it. I had to go back and double
check my formulas to make sure this effect is real: it is.
Another way of looking at the data is to compute the ratio of US usage
to European usage for each fuel. Those ratios are as follows:
As you can see, the disparity in NG and coal is even larger than that
of oil. Furthermore, Europe is shifting away from coal and towards NG
relative to the US.
I imagine these effects primarily reflect politico-cultural
differences. Europe has been more energy conscious for a long time, and
in particular has long been committed to trying to do at least
something about climate change, which the US has not been. The
differences show up in the numbers.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Early Warning using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-22 18:55:07
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?From_Sea_to_Shining_Sea=3A__=E2=80=9CNon?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: From Sea to Shining Sea:
?Non-Invasive Data Governance?? is Invading the Globe via DataFlux
Community of Experts by Robert S. Seiner on 6/22/10
Thank you everybody for welcoming me to the Community of Experts. I
hope to keep the blog interesting and thought-provoking. Please chime
in whenever you feel the urge.
These past several weeks and months have been incredible for me. I have
been from sea to shining sea, one side of the United States to the
other. I have been to the great white north (Canada), the baseball
player incubator (Dominican Republic) and the land of many biers
(Germany). Time only knows where my next adventure will take me.
People and businesses from coast to coast and from country to country
are very different from each other. But there is one consistency that I
am seeing no matter where people and businesses are located. They all
have problems getting the most out of their data. You and your company
may be one of those that are having difficulties. Across the globe and
to address data problems, data governance is HOT. This truth became
more obvious by the growth in attendance at the Data Governance
Conference 2010 in San Diego a few weeks ago.
People across the globe are looking for a practical and pragmatic way
to govern their data. Insert ?Non-Invasive Data Governance??. This
approach that I use for data governance has become internationally
accepted as a viable option for formalizing behavior around the
definition, production and usage of data focused on improving the
quality, usability and value of data. If you are not familiar with the
non-invasive approach, let me use this blog to introduce you to the
Rather than restating what I have written before about this approach to
data governance, allow me first to state the definition that I use to
describe ?Non-Invasive Data Governance? to organizations:
?Non-Invasive Data Governance?? is:
? The practice of applying:
- formal accountability and process through roles and responsibilities
- to existing informal accountability and process
- to assure that the definition, production and usage of data
- consistently provides quality, compliance, security, privacy and
? ?Non-invasive? describes how governance is applied to assure
non-threatening management of valuable ?information assets.?
? The goal of ?Non-Invasive Data Governance?? is to be:
- Transparent
- Supportive
- Collaborative
If you have any questions about this definition, perhaps these links
will help to fill in the blanks. Feel free to comment and ask questions
about the articles and the approach as well:
- ?Non-Invasive Data Governance??: A Message for You to Take to
- ?Non-Invasive Data Governance?? Explained
- The ?Non-Invasive Data Governance?? Operating Model
- What Does It Mean to ?Govern Data??
Look for the next installment of my blog to start picking off,
one-by-one, the most important issues that you and your organization
will want to consider as you embrace the subject of data governance and
decide what will be the best solution for this discipline in your
Until then? continue to visit the Community of Experts to see what
words of wisdom are shared.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to DataFlux Community of Experts using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-22 20:40:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Postcards from Hell: What Failed States Look 
I suppose like any list, there will be controversies.  Judging from FP's
comments, they touched a nerve.  The list has been around a while: See...
It was interesting that it came out today.
The local intellectuals in the Cayman Islands have, in private discussions
with me, labelled Jamaica as a failed state more than once and it is but 119
on this list...one person's functioning state is clearly someone else's
To say that the Fund for Peace (they draw up the list) is respected across a
broad spectrum of political views and across the field of conflict
resolution would be understatement.   They are a premier organization at
least in the backwaters of Washington D.C.  They have been respected in
International Relations since before I started studying it in 1982.   No one
I know of would say they hold any particular political bent, left or right.
I would say that is generally true of Foreign Policy magazine as
well...though some see it as slightly to the right (e.g. in association with
founder Samuel Huntington.)   Fareed Zakaria who I much admire has long used
it as a vehicle. They do have a penchant for controversy.
It is remarkable that those states so often praised in this list almost
singularly round out the top "sustainable" ones.  My guess is that by any
measure more states will be in the bottom of the pile at the end of this
decade than now.

@_date: 2010-06-22 21:10:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] James Howard Kunstler 
Those who like John Robb, might, for very different reasons, find JHK of
interest.  I'm not sure if he has come up here at all.  I find his podcasts
humorous...though if one is offended by colorful language, he's not your

@_date: 2010-06-23 13:40:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] James Howard Kunstler 
This resliance theory was very hot in the graduate schools in the early
2000s.  I find it interesting but I doubt strongly it is right.  Things
actually do fall apart to borrow from Achebe.
The evidence for that seems to be that things don't organize when they are
bad--as in most of Africa, or Burma, etc.--some of which I too have seen
firsthand.  In short, with all the freeware in the world, undereducated folk
don't spontaneously start functioning bureacracies which are notorious
difficult to achieve--witness the Middle Ages.
Further, when those things cash out and collapse (as they are in a number of
the Failed State Index states with rankings worse than 100), or as in parts
of Appalachia I have seen like War, WV, they don't come back either.  Smart
people move on and functionality ceases.  The Mad Max movies have this sort
of right when the captive engineering type is made to run the town until he
inevitably rebels.  Most will just walk out as they do in ghettos or in
industrial towns in the Midlands of England which increasingly look like
bombed out zones in Sheffield and similar.  I know many smart people from
those places.  Most would like to be there because it is "home" but few, I
think, will ever wander back to Detroit or Smolensk or Newcastle.  What is
left is the group that doesn't perform because they have little
understanding or access to what performance is or how it can be done in ways
that aren't magical.  The smart migrate.
You can tell there will be few simple solutions for the masses because those
who focus on stuff for the free (as in air) market rarely emphasize
useability and ease of access.  Instead, they attempt to corner the
technology expertise.  Everytime one of these currency tools, etc. that come
through this list pops up I generally have a look.  Almost always, the tools
are complex, require Linux expertise and advanced tinkering, and have poor
user interfaces with little focus on ease of set-up or portability.

@_date: 2010-06-23 19:32:16
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Futuretecture: From Sea Cities to Space Colonies 
Interesting that all views of the built future entail large integrated
plans that would call for intensive hierarchies and controls.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Futuretecture: From Sea Cities
to Space Colonies via WebUrbanist by Delana on 6/23/10
[ By Delana in Architecture & Design, Environment & Nature,
Technology & Futurism. ]
Are we on the brink of a new era in construction? With commercial space
travel finally within our reach, will we see space colonies within our
lifetime? And with Earth?s resources running low, will we soon be
forced to move into previously uninhabitable areas of the planet?
Japanese construction group Shimizu Corporation seems to think so on
all counts, and they?ve come up with a whole series of architectural
plans for the world of tomorrow. Their bold ideas, which they
collectively call Shimizu?s Dream, illustrate what life on Earth and in
space will be like in the not-too-distant future.
Space Hotel
Space tourism will be big business in the future, so it only makes
sense to start planning the grand space hotels of tomorrow. This low
Earth orbit hotel will be connected to its docking station by a
240-meter (790-foot) elevator shaft. The hotel consists of four
elements: solar energy supply (and battery for storing power), loading
and unloading platform, a public area, and a sleeping quarters section
with 64 guest rooms and 40 staff rooms. The sleeping rooms are arranged
in a ring that rotates at a comfortable 3rpm, providing artificial
gravity of 0.7G. Guests will be free to observe Earth and other space
bodies while enjoying recreation and meals in microgravity.
Urban Geo-Grid Plan
Back on Earth, urban space is running short and it?s time we figure out
how to maximize our city areas. The Urban Geo-Grid Plan would move many
of our essential urban functions underground to ease congestion on the
surface. A vast underground network would be built that would consist
of transportation, communications and energy delivery systems ? all
moved beneath the surface and away from the crowded city streets. There
are two different sizes of underground structures: grid points and grid
stations. Grid points are small and will contain community amenities
like convenience stores and exhibition halls. Grid stations ? including
some underwater ? are larger and will include office buildings,
shopping centers and hotels. The ultimate vision is to create an
integrated city with both above-ground and below-ground elements.
Luna Ring
Fossil fuel stores are quickly becoming depleted and it?s obvious that
future cities will need a cleaner, renewable energy source. What better
source is there than unlimited solar power? The Luna Ring concept would
put permanent solar collectors around the moon?s equator like a belt.
The majority of the solar cells would always face the sun and collect
massive amounts of solar energy, which would then be beamed to Earth
via microwave power transmission antennae. The construction of the Luna
Ring would be handled mostly by robots controlled remotely by people on
Earth, though there would be a team of astronauts on hand to supervise
the robot fleet.
Lunar Bases
Perhaps in conjunction with the lunar solar plant we will one day
finally build the lunar bases that have been predicted for decades.
Shimizu Corporation has developed plans for what they feel would be the
most expandable and easily operable lunar bases. The base will be
constructed of hexagonal modules that will allow for horizontal and
vertical expansion. To greatly reduce the costs associated with
transporting building materials from Earth to the moon, the modules
will be constructed mainly of lunar rocks and soil. Remotely-controlled
robots will do most of the work to minimize the risks that would be
daunting with a human crew.
Green Float: The Environmental Island
According to Shimizu Corporation, our convenient urban lives have
caused us to lose touch with what?s really important and what truly
makes us happy: healthy living, cultural pursuits and contact with
nature. They want to re-shape the cities of the future to help us
reconnect with that healthy, happy lifestyle in an organic way. Their
environmental city concept will have a water-bound base with a top that
extends into the sky ? overall resembling a natural plant. Residential
space both at the waterfront and at the top of the tower will house
40,000 people per island, while the tower will provide enough
commercial space for 10,000 people to work. Island communities will be
joined together in modules, making it possible for entire
self-sustaining, carbon-negative cities to be built from groups of the
floating platforms.
Inter Cell City
The Inter Cell City is another future city concept based on living
organisms. The idea behind the concept is to create sustainable urban
systems that integrate natural green spaces with occupied city spaces.
Each urban community unit would operate based on citizen initiative,
with every one being responsible for its own water, energy and waste
management. The cities are designed to be sustainable and to cut down
on fossil fuel consumption by 90% within a century.
The Pyramid City in the Air
As far as self-contained cities go, this pyramid city concept is a
sight to behold. It is meant to house around a million people in just a
3 square mile footprint, all of whom will be able to enjoy ample
sunlight and all the rest of nature?s gifts. The truss construction
consists of interconnected octahedral units, each of which can
accommodate a 100-story building. The building materials are all
lightweight but strong, and the shafts that connect each unit are also
used to carry the plumbing, communication and electrical systems.
Leisure centers, moving walkways, trains and escalators also crisscross
the interior of the vast city, allowing an entire population to live,
work, study and play comfortably.
Desert Aqua-Net Plan
Though changing the ecological structure of a place is generally not
considered very ?green,? we may one day find ourselves faced with the
inevitability of living in the desert. Deserts currently occupy around
one-third of the planet, so Shimizu Corporation wants to utilize some
of that currently uninhabitable space. Their plan is to create seawater
canals that will feed artificial lakes in arid regions, then build
habitable islands in those lakes. Putting the living spaces into the
middle of lakes will cut down on the extreme temperatures to create
pleasant living conditions. The canals could also be used for
transportation, making the previously difficult-to-traverse desert much
more easily navigable.
Want More? Click for Great Related Content on WebUrbanist: Living
Space: 10 Highrises For The High Frontier These 10 international,
interplanetary space habitats express our high hopes for the high
frontier: the wide open "living space" far above the clouds! 1 Comment
- Click Here to Read More ??
Starting at the End: 12 New Cities Built From Scratch Cities take
centuries to evolve - or do they? Here are 12 urban centres that offer
a radical alternative to tradition - they are cities from the first day
they open for business. 6 Comments - Click Here to Read More ??
[ WebUrbanist - By Delana in Architecture & Design, Environment &
Nature, Technology & Futurism. ]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to WebUrbanist using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-23 19:41:39
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How long does it take to earn US minimum wage around 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: How long does it take to earn
US minimum wage around the world via TNW Shareables by Zee on 6/19/10
via coolinfographics.com
Original title and link for this post: How long does it take to earn US
minimum wage around the world
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to TNW Shareables using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-23 21:26:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] James Howard Kunstler 
The topics you raise are all of great interest to me...and I've tried to
think about and research them without much success.  Starting with the
Middle Ages, where I think we have modest knowledge given the relative
proximity, but also things like the impact of public administration and
I'll say a few things I think I can generalize...but I agree generalities
are at least hard and possibly impossible.
1. The imposition by the Normans of civil law structures of commonality
(especially common law and its base elements) was all important in forming
the Modern world.  Britain broke out of Roman Law which has a strong
tendency to this day toward despotism.  It was really a necessity to
implement common law because the sheriff system of the English Saxons was
localism run wild...a system that didn't allow for innovation...Brother
Cadfael notwithstanding.
2. The decline and fall of the Church when it became celibate, and thus,
hierarchical rather than community based, also factored greatly in the new
rise of the Middle Ages that Michel speaks of...innovation in plowing,
markets, transport, etc.  around 1000AD for the next few centuries until
shattered by urban plagues.
3. Colonialism.  This is, I think I have written here, the most understudied
topic of the modern world.  Colonialism is to Europe what slavery is to the
US...the dirty secret that keeps on giving by virtue of its denial.  That
said, the real issue wasn't the lack of skills transfer, it was access to
capital.  The skills were not that great in the 19th century...the US proved
this by continually activating new waves of immigrants with minimal schools
and almost no training infrastructure.  The issue was instead the support of
credit flows.  Absence of banking structures was the key.  If you want to
grow any sized community...start an honest and fair bank...until credit ops
dry up...then you are screwed...which is the modern world.
4. That Russia itself removed the Soviets is of little doubt to me.  The US
didn't so much win the Cold War as Russia and Eastern Europe did.  It nearly
bankrupted the US and we got nothing.  At least Europe gets cheap natural
gas.  We should have gotten a peace dividend, but our system is too corrupt
and the world's free riding on our military too great for that to have
5. I am leaving the training and learning world, but I'd say this: Skills
matter, but they don't matter that much.  Neither does education.  What
matters is systems.  Systems are working networks of flows that make
economic sense.  They are hard to build and those who build
them--entrepreneurs and social entrepreneurs, are the closest thing the
modern world has to saints.  Co-ops are the right way, in my view, to grow
them...to multiply them.  That was as true in 1150 AD under Henry II as it
is now.  P2P is the means of growing experts by co-op'ing knowledge on
distributed projects.  Schools and TVET help, but only a very little.  A
good bank and a good working network of enabling experts in success is far
more powerful than skills.
I'd like to say more about public administration, but I am of mixed emotions
on the topic.  Right now I am inclined to see most governments as failures.
Those that are good are very engaged with civil society and working at the
street level in many ways to create stability and sound contracts.  Few
places have that.

@_date: 2010-06-26 10:32:34
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
I am always glad for Europe and its views.  It has been a good a fair
partner in the modern world.  I am sad they're left collapses at some speed
similar to our right...both groups becoming hollow specters of their former
selves--caricatures really.   The enlightened right of John Kennedy and
Scoop Jackson is as dead as that of Harold Macmillan.  Their successors
(Reagan and Thatcher) bankrupt both countries because they were impatient as
much as ignorant...a bankruptcy that has now finally seen its last transfer
of private and corporate debt to the public sector.  In short, as we have
said here left and right, capitalism is screwed...but for reasons far
different than anything the left ever envisioned...not that it matters.
The welfare state (which is far more American than European as a structural
state project designed for the People--but that's a nit) is dying fast and
will die completely soon.  It is now being dismantled in England and will be
soon in Spain and Germany--a process that will take more than a decade.
Medicaid is under extreme pressure in the US and will soon fail as a
state-based program...as it must.  Thus, the US nation will pick up another
crippling debt which is well beyond the last straw.   Norway will be last
because of their oil wealth.  But they are paying the price with an extreme
slide of their currency which is even greater than that of the Euro.
Europe's left will spend 30 years discussing the injustice done them, just
as the American right will spend 30 years discussing enemies long buried.
It doesn't much matter.  Now is a time for survival.  Those who will survive
will define economic relevance for themselves without silly moral
peccadilloes and hope for state allies.  The most inspirational model by far
I've seen on these pages is the little project you highlighted in the
Andies.  It gives me hope that the poor are not left as defenseless as they
seem.  I still see microfinance as a way, but the defaults and failures in
that industry have left it crippled in most of the world.  In short, credit
problems are the root of nearly all of modern capitalism's ills...something
the left simply doesn't understand nor will they.  It was automation and
information speed that killed credit...and that is the story of the modern
world in a nutshell.  The answer is cooperation...in a new and economically
sound ways...not as lazy socialism but as productive P2P.
Some days I see the prospect of success.  Most I see hopelessness.  I admire
all of you who keep trying.

@_date: 2010-06-26 11:13:57
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
I have been asked in a side message to spell out how credit has collapsed in
the modern world.  I will try to explain this in a reasonable few words.
For capitalism to succeed, there must be the prospect of long-term
profitable cash flows.  Profit assumes a capacity, an efficiency, that
allows one to compete.  Or, it assumes a corner on a commodity in
demand...like a square of land in the middle of a commercial district or a
pile of copper ore in the ground.  Ideally such stocks do not deplete.
To purchase a cash flow, one borrows and then develops the flow to achieve
greater output than the creditor assumed.  This was due in large part to the
field of "management" which is a technology that has had a power law-like
development in the last 500 years...ending about now.
Information flows (e.g. this list) have made profit opportunities more
transparent and scrutinized.  In short, the market reacts faster.  Further,
management has been degraded by the implementation of high quality, low cost
automation tools which make human performance largely irrelevant in fields
from stock trading to car production...soon in medicine and
transportation...even warfare where pilots are increasingly replace by
drones flown by sergeants rather than captains with 1 million dollars worth
of training.  As train engines become more powerful, and yet cockpits
smaller, the capacity of management to respond in ways other than technology
replacement tends toward zero.
Consequently, the profit capacity of capitalists to outperform credit
expectations drops.  This forces interest rates down.  The economy stagnates
because growth becomes highly problematic...the Japan syndrome.  People
start saving and building capital which cannot be put to use.  This leads to
deflation...much more problematic than inflation from an overheated
economy.  In short, supply exceeds reasonable (economic) demand...thus
prices fall.  Money becomes worth more and thus the propensity to borrow is
even more costly.  (Debts are eaten up by inflation and made worse by
deflation.)   Without credit, new projects that are risk based to grow
things in new ways are minimized.  More people resort to wage work in large
institutions and the overall efficiencies of society fall.
The prescription is cooperative non-credit based expansion of innovation and
risk taking by P2P co-ops designed to produce things that matter in a system
(free or not) that leads to economic possibilities.  These will never be
self-sufficiency and off-grid rubbish...the hippy side of P2P.  Instead,
they will be small commercial co-ops and groups that live in the margins by
producing and innovating with minimal capital.  At least that's the way I
see it.

@_date: 2010-06-26 11:37:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
Here is my concept of the left:
1. There is a dominant evil force called capitalism that must be struggled
2. The way to win that struggle is to unite into a solid base that can block
the standard mechanics of capitalism and allow
for "fair" and "equitable" systems to replace those that are unfair and
3. This struggle exists long as exploitation exists.
4. Exploitation exists whenever someone gets a sustained advantage over
someone else in a localized plain.
5. Ending sustained advantage arises when some sufficiently broad and flat
means of governance comes about whereby any imbalances are soon put right.
The broader and flatter this means of governance, the better.
The left has long thought that capitalism's end would come from
concentration...not diffusion.  Capitalism didn't die of dictatorship
combined with exploitation...it died of poor prospects for giving people
more that they want in a sufficiently broad way for it to be an inclusive
system.  The possible outcomes are slaughtering the peripheries--which is
still a possibility--or succumbing slowly to unemployment and deflation
through the decline and fall of credit--what seems to be the mode of death
most likely at the moment and one the labor movement, which always thought
it would be of value, never anticipated at all.
That is what I meant.
On Sat, Jun 26, 2010 at 11:19 AM, j.martin.pedersen <

@_date: 2010-06-26 13:20:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
The flaw here of course is rather obvious.  It assumes a moral outcome based
on simplistic rules.  It is thus deontological.  It is often, though not
always, morally absolutist...as it was with the Soviets.   Of course
capitalism isn't evil or good.  It is a technology.  Calling it evil or good
is like calling a hammer evil or good.  The opposite of capitalism is
neither socialism nor communism.  Instead, it is central planning and
technocracy.  I likewise see no evil (or good) in technocracy.  It is
simply, at present, inefficient.
This is the politics of the left based in the labor movement.  The idea was
the value could be blocked from the system by withdrawing partially or fully
from it.  This is now obviously naive both because skilled labor has greatly
expanded geographically and demographically, and also because skilled labor
is increasingly irrelevant.
More deontology...really moral absolutism.  Define the end state you dislike
and then label it as evil.  Many workers find their work no demeaning and
exploitive but rather as uplifting and value-giving.
This is the equality first absolutism.  There is no biological or social
means to justify it.  It is really, in the end, theological.  More
importantly, it simply doesn't work because it greatly diffuses incentive
and specialization while emphasizing free riding and self-actualization in
ways that are socially unproductive...particularly for intellectuals who
tend to pursue useless self-interests while free riding on the system.
This was the most hopeful if naive part of the modern left's agenda.  It
aligned some of the left with democracy rather than vanguards of the
proletariat (which was an absurd idea.)   It also unfortunately gave rise to
anarchism in its historical forms going back to 19th century US
libertarianism and 19th century utopian socialism in Europe.  Most of the
modern movement is more US as I see it...Lysander Spooner like.
The left is not strong on economics.  They tend to focus on politics.
Those who were strong on economics tended to become Keynesians...really what
the modern political left now identifies with the "right" because Keynesians
believe in markets, mixed states, and growth (Harold Macmillan would be my
ideal in this regard...but John F. Kennedy would be a good second...as would
Richard M. Nixon, who's first administration may have been the greatest in
the history of the U.S.)  Regardless, Keynesians are now greatly out of
favor (left and right) despite Obama's desire to go toward that zone.
Europe has backed away from any form of Keynsianism, and is choosing
austerity instead...which will lead to collapse in the medium term.  Germany
knows it is tougher than the rest and is willing to let the rest die so it
can preserve its mode of going for a while longer.  Spain, I'd guess, will
be the first to crumble.  It really has no economy at all.   All in all,
there is a death watch...with the US, Britain, France, Germany, Japan and
numerous small states as candidates for something worse than default.  As I
have said, my money is on Spain.  Britain and Germany are doing what is
necessary to get out of the immediate bind.  France is wobbly.   So is the
US.  Hard to say...

@_date: 2010-06-27 11:11:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] on matt ridley .. 
I read the book and recommend it.   The shots are cheap and childish...and,
more importantly, have little or nothing to do with the book.  The point of
the book...that news has been overwhelmingly good since World War II is not
discussed at all.  That's because it is simply demonstrable truth.
I am happy to see Samuel Bowles and Herbert Gintis discussed here.  I
believe I have mentioned one or both before.  Paul Hartzog I think is a big
Elinor Ostrom fan if I am not mistaken.
These people did very good work (all are more or less retired now) and have
influenced my own work on workforce development extensively.  I've actually
explored the 1 time development budget...it isn't realistic, but it is in
the right zone of how to get people to make good decisions about their lives
in an economic sense.

@_date: 2010-06-27 16:35:32
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Who will be Paying the Bills? 
This blog represents the "Austrian" (or Chicago School) viewpoint. It
argues rather frequently (see the previous post) with a much better
thought out Keynesian (actually post-Keynsian) point of view. For those
interested in advanced economic theory at a macro non-math level...I
recommend this and the blog it responds to very much. Both writers are
clear and very smart and use evidence as well as theory extensively.
Their argument is at the core of the future of the Western World right
now in terms of economics. Which boils down to stimulus and debt versus
austerity and recession. Europe seems bent on the latter. The US on the
former. That's a lose lose proposition probably. Stimulus must be
coordinated, and recession in the face of trade partner growth is
particularly crushing.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Who will be Paying the Bills?
via CynicusEconomicus by CynicusEconomicus on 6/26/10
My last two posts have prompted a lively debate on the blog, and it is
interesting to see how the debate parallels that which is taking place
around the world. The G20 and G8 summits appear to be seeing the same
divisions, with Obama on one side encouraging continuance of massive
deficit spending, and the Canadian and many Europeans (e.g. Merkel,
Cameron, Borroso) saying that the deficit spending has gone far enough
(or perhaps already too far). This is from the Guardian:
Signs of deep rifts at the G8 and G20 summits in Toronto over how
quickly governments should cut deficits added to financial market
jitters today, with the Americans warning of the dangers of a double
dip recession if all countries started to rein back spending at once.
The leading European economies, especially Germany, are putting a new
emphasis on cutting back government spending, and there is a
possibility that a G20 communique, due to be released on Sunday , will
set out an indicative timetable of how far and fast countries should
retrench spending.
David Cameron, making his first appearance at a world summit and
packing in a frantic round of bilaterals to start building personal
relations, was praised by the summits' host for his deficit slashing
budget earlier this week.
The Canadian prime minister, Steve Harper, said that he welcomed
Cameron's responsible and difficult decisions, saying the British prime
minister's budget "had raised the very fiscal consolidation agenda that
we are trying to steer the G20 towards".
Canada wants the G20 to endorse the idea that national deficits should
be halved by 2013.
I highlight this, as the gap between the US approach to deficit
spending and that of (for example) Germany can not be wider. There is a
major fracture in the perspectives on economics between different
The problem is that, there is no opportunity for either side to ever
prove itself right, except through enacting their different approaches.
However, in one respect, the Obama camp will be proven correct. That
is, if there is a major move towards cutting of expenditure, a
recession will almost certainly be the outcome. This will then give
them an opportunity to say 'I told you so' and blame the problem on the
What we will never actually see, is what happens next if countries
continue to rack up huge deficits, and the dangers that might flow from
this enactment of policy. It will allow history to be rewritten to say
that, had the spending continued, then the world would economy would
have recovered, and all would have been well.
Set against this, I would point to the following article, which points
to the underlying change in the world economy, a change which I have
continually highlighted on this blog as inevitable, and the real driver
behind the economic crisis:
Ten years ago, the world?s richest countries accounted for a
significant majority of the globe?s economic activity. But the pendulum
is swinging in the other direction, according to the Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development.
A new O.E.C.D. report finds that rich countries and poor countries now
each contribute about an equal share of the global economy. And by
2030, developing countries will account for 57 percent of world G.D.P.
This has been at the heart of the thesis of this blog. The world has
changed; the distribution of wealth in the world is changing, and it
means that the developed world is no longer in the position where it
might assume eternal wealth. We are now at the stage where month by
month, we can see the reality of the change, and the attempts by many
developed countries to turn back the reality failing. My argument,
since before even starting to write this blog, has been that, for over
a decade, we have misconstrued apparent economic growth for real
economic growth. This is the view of the Economist:
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s a rise in debt levels accompanied what
economists called the ?great moderation?, when growth was steady and
unemployment and inflation remained low. No longer did Western banks
have to raise rates to halt consumer booms. By the early 2000s a vast
international scheme of vendor financing had been created. China and
the oil exporters amassed current-account surpluses and then lent the
money back to the developed world so it could keep buying their goods.
Those who cautioned against rising debt levels were dismissed as
doom-mongers; after all, asset prices were rising even faster, so
balance-sheets looked healthy. And with the economy buoyant, debtors
could afford to meet their interest payments without defaulting. In
short, it paid to borrow and it paid to lend.
I was one of the doom-mongers when I first started writing about the
economy. I was seen as (at best) a part of a mad fringe, but today we
see the Economist saying exactly what I was saying long ago. However,
even now, the problem remains that growth in debt is still mistaken for
economic growth, and I despair of the mainstream ever 'getting' the
At this stage, it is worth offering a perspective on the scale and
depth of the existing levels of debt in the developed world. The
Economist has a special feature on indebtedness and produced the
following chart which ranks countries by debt sustainability (sorry
about the size):
I strongly recommend taking a look at the interactive debt chart at the
Economist here (sorry, can not be reproduced here). They follow their
chart with this commentary:
THE headlines are all about sovereign debt at the moment. But that is
only part of the problem. Debt has risen across the economy, from
consumers on credit cards, though industrial companies borrowing for
expansion and financial companies using debt to buy risky assets.
The interactive graphic above [in the Economist article] shows the
overall debt levels for a wide range of countries, based on data
supplied by the McKinsey Global Institute. In theory there is no
maximum level for debt relative to GDP, but Ireland and Iceland (not on
this map) found the limit in practice when they hit eight-to-ten times
The massive debt accumulation does not tell the whole story. What we
can see is that the debt is simply being used for consumption. It is
not creating growth, but is leading to diminishing returns in growth -
in other words, the real growth is taking place outside of the
developed world, and the developed world is just living off that real
growth. The chart below from the Economist tells the story:
What this chart shows is the reality that has long been the subject of
this blog, including in a recent post on post-Keynesianism. The money
that is being borrowed and thrown into developed world economies is not
producing a return. I made a comparison with China, where the
government spending can make a return. It is very clear from the chart
that borrowing more is not the answer (I know that the post-Keynesians
will claim that their kind of borrowing and spending will be
different....but see my post for why it will not).
However, it is quite possible for the US, for example, to continue to
borrow from the new wealth creating countries and the oil states and
appear to continue to be relatively prosperous. However, underneath
such apparent prosperity is the reality that there are now the emerging
economies that are being coming increasingly competitive, and taking a
greater share of global wealth. Countries like China and India
commenced with low end, low added value goods, but are rapidly rising
up the value chain, and are starting to compete in the higher added
value segments. The emerging economies will increasingly be meeting the
developed world in the market for higher added value goods and
services, and the developing world will win market share.
This leads to the question of whether there will be a miracle of a
return to the pre-crisis 'normality'. Can the developed world return to
past levels of wealth, at the same time as new and aggressive entrants
are entering into more segments of the world market. The Obama solution
is built on the believe that, at some point in the future, growth in
the economies of the developed world will return, and this will then
allow for the existing economic structures to be maintained, and at the
same time producing enough growth to repay debts accumulated now. After
all, this has been what has taken place following previous recessions.
This view ignores the changes that are taking place in the
apportionment of wealth, and also ignores internal factors that will
further diminish potential for wealth creation, as well as the problem
of structural entitlement programmes that will push up costs and
diminish the ability to pay down debt. The first problem is one I have
already discussed, the second and third are resultant from the basic
demographic problem of ageing populations. In order for developed
countries to simply stand still, there would need to be a significant
productivity miracle, which will allow a shrinking workforce to support
a growing population of retired people. The problem is that the
developed world is not standing still, but is falling backwards.
If government borrowing and spending is removed from the equation, it
is apparent that the economies of most developed countries are facing
reversals in wealth as a result of the competition from the emerging
economies. I think I might now be in a position where, when discussing
the economic growth in the pre-crisis decade, few would propose that
there was an underlying increase in the wealth, but rather an illusion
of wealth created by debt. Since the crisis commenced, governments have
replaced this debt with government debt, and this can only be sustained
for so long. What this creates is a moment in time where existing
economic structures might be retained, but no more than that.
In order for the changes in both the internal and external environments
to be accommodated in the medium to long term, something must change.
On the one hand, in response to the internal changes, there is the
choice of using ever greater taxation to pay for the costs of a growing
pool of retired people from a diminishing workforce. This would place a
significant burden on the upcoming generation, whose potential for
a 'good' lifestyle would be diminished through significantly higher
taxation. Alternatively, the structure of the economy might be reformed
through the reduction in entitlement programmes, or through allocation
of funding now to support future entitlement programmes. At present,
however, the assumption is that 'growth' will allow these entitlement
programmes to proceed without any action now, or negative consequences
on the upcoming generation.
Furthermore, when considering these future increases in costs from a
shrinking tax base, they will also need to service the debts that are
being accumulated in the present. As such, in addition to having to
service the cost of a growing retired population, the shrunken tax base
must also apportion more of their income in order to service debt. As
such, there seems to be a huge assumption that either the upcoming
generation are going to be hugely more productive than the previous
generation and / or they will be willing to see much higher tax levels
than the previous generation.
Furthermore, developing economies such as China are also major lenders
into many of the developed economies, meaning that, as they continue to
develop, they will have access to future resources and output of the
developed world as they continue their growth, possibly allowing for an
accelerated rate of growth. The upcoming generation must therefore
achieve all of this as the emerging economies continue to grow their
share of the economy, and move ever further up the value chain in
competition with developed economies. I am now not alone in this point
of view, and again from the Economist:
But in parts of the rich world such optimism may now be misplaced. With
ageing populations and shrinking workforces, their economies may grow
more slowly than they have done in the past. They may have borrowed
from the future, using debt to enjoy a standard of living that is
unsustainable. Greece provides a stark example. Standard & Poor?s, a
rating agency, estimates that its GDP will not regain its 2008 level
until 2017.
Rising government debt is a Ponzi scheme that requires an ever-growing
population to assume the burden?unless some deus ex machina, such as a
technological breakthrough, can boost growth. As Roland Nash, head of
research at Renaissance Capital, an investment bank, puts it: ?Can the
West, with its regulated industry, uncompetitive labour and large
government, afford its borrowing-funded living standards and
increasingly expensive public sectors??
Some of the commentators on the blog might note the use of the
expression Ponzi scheme, as there has been a debate in the comments
section of the blog on just this subject. The point is that there is no
way in the world that the current economic structure of the developed
world can be maintained. I have asked, and asked and asked where the
real growth might come from to support developed world economies. It
now seems that even the mainstream is coming to this question, and it
is about time.
As such, when we look at the current debate, we can see two simple
divisions. On the one side, there are a series of assumptions that
there will be a growth miracle that will outstrip the results of
demographic change in a world of increasing competition. On the other
side is an assumption that something must be done now to accommodate
the changes in the world. The consequence of the former, barring a
miracle in productivity, is that the upcoming generation are going to
be saddled with huge burdens, even assuming that the borrowing might be
sustained into the near future.
On the other hand, the consequences of cutting now is to commence a
process of realigning the economy to the actual wealth creating
potential of the economy, and starting to face the problems that are
rapidly accumulating. At its most basic, it is accepting that there
needs to be a restructuring now, rather than imposing a huge (and
probably in reality an unsustainable) burden on the future. I believe
that, in the past, I commented on another Economist article that
pointed out that, in the future, there will be a conflict of interest
between the generations. The current debate about continuing of
spending versus cutting now is in reality exactly this debate.
I have always realised that, if governments cut now, the consequence
will be shrinking economies. I have never seen any way out, except to
take this 'pain' sooner or later. However, I have always argued that
sooner is better than later, as the accumulation of debt can only
compound the existing problems. No doubt, if governments manage to
really cut now (and that is still uncertain), then we will later see
retrospective history claiming that the cuts were responsible for
future problems that will indeed arise. However, such a perspective
would be to ignore the real changes in the world economic structure,
and these changes are not of the sort that can be wished away or
ignored. The choices are simple, and the choices are 'who pays, and
A long time ago I wrote some posts which proposed reforms which would
try to maintain the essential underlying principles of several
entitlement programmes in the UK (e.g. NHS, Education and Benefits) . I
wrote them from a basic principle; that we could not afford the current
structures going forwards. I sought to balance the underlying social
and political demands with the coming shrinking of wealth. What we are
now seeing is the discussion of necessary cuts, and I can only hope
that these are undertaken in conjunction with the necessity for reform
of the systems themselves.
What I would like to see is that, in the recognition of the
difficulties ahead, that those in the future might enjoy something
similar to what we (in the UK) have grown used to. In other words, the
same underlying protections but pared down to achieve the original
basic principles at the time of the establishment of the benefits. In
addition to cuts, it is therefore necessary to reform, and I hope that
this is the next phase in the transition. Unfortunately, since the time
of writing the proposed reforms, governments have racked up ever
greater debts, making it ever less possible to achieve this goal. This
is why I have, since the start of this blog, argued against government
As a further note to US readers, the examples of reform I give might
seem to be puzzling in the context of the US experience. I am a firm
believer that safety nets, education, and health care should be
available to people, and you will see in the examples methods that
might allow for these to be achieved in the context of the UK's history
and situation.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to CynicusEconomicus using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-27 16:37:26
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Keynesian Solutions - A Reply to a Critic of 
High quality argument...one I disagree with strongly, but very high
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Post-Keynesian Solutions - A
Reply to a Critic of the Blog via CynicusEconomicus by
CynicusEconomicus on 6/19/10
I have recently been given a lesson in the correct terminology for the
various forms of Keynesian thought from a regular commentator on the
blog, who posts under the title of 'Lord Keynes' (hereafter LK). For a
long time now, he has posted comments critical of the perspective of
this blog, and demonstrated a strong grasp of the various forms of
Keynesian arguments. For a short while, I did engage with his
arguments, but found that I ended up doing nothing but engage with his
arguments, rather than writing the blog.
The reason for this is that, at whichever point, LK would provide reams
of 'evidence' in support of his assertions. In recent times, he has
even proposed that, for example, the Austrian economists provide no
evidence for their theory, which is clearly not true. What LK and other
Keynesians do is pick and mix from the available evidence, present
arguments for the defence of their arguments based upon the
policy/experience of country 'x' doing policy 'y' with the result 'z'.
Typically, what they do is identify an individual policy, and then
separate it from the broader context of the policy. In doing so, they
appear to provide a cast iron case in favour of their policy.
I do not think that the Keynesians are alone in this, but they seem to
be masters of the art. One example oft cited by LK is fairly typical,
in which LK suggests that the Scandanavians have managed to be
successful despite a large government sector (quoted from the comments
Denmark, Sweden and Finland are successful economies that run current
account surpluses and that have substantially lower unemployment than
the US or the UK, yet nearly half of all GDP is taken as taxes and
spent by the government.
Germany, a manufacturing powerhouse and very wealthy country, takes
40.6% of GDP as tax revenue.
The UK is actually around the middle, not the higher end, of the
By contrast, Haiti only takes 9.4% of GDP as tax revenue (before the
earthquake, I might add), and what is it?? An economic basketcase!The
Haiti case simply makes my point. Apparently here is proof that low
government expenditure is bad for your economy. No context, just a
figure as 'proof'. We can also take the case of Sweden, which according
to the World Economic Forum, is ranked as 4th in the world for
competitiveness. The report uses the following pillars for the ranking:
- Institutions
- Infrastructure
- Macroeconomy
- Health and primary education
- Higher education and training
- Market efficiency
- Technological readiness
- Business sophistication
- InnovationNote that the ranking systems does not include tax against
GDP. In the Economic Freedom of the World 2009 report Sweden was ranked
4oth, despite the rankings scoring very negatively for large size of
government expenditure with Sweden ranked 127th on this measure.
According to a ranking of business regulation, Sweden comes in at
number 18 overall, but is also number 7 for trading across borders.
According to the IMD world competitiveness rankings, Sweden comes in at
the 6th most competitive country in the world.
I can go on. For the informal economy, where people work outside of the
official economy, Sweden is ranked = 82nd. According to the Economist
Intelligence Unit, Sweden ranks number 2 for 'e-readiness'. Sweden
holds 11th place for the number of patents in the US patent system, and
ranks 4th in the world overall. Sweden lies at the third best in the
world on rankings for perceptions of corruption. The country also rates
at number 3 for technological achievement. Sweden has the 6th highest
level per capita of spending on research and development, and the
second highest aggregated (curiously after Togo as number one). On the
technological achievement index, Sweden ranks 4th (creation of
technology; diffusion of recent innovations; diffusion of old
innovations; and human skills). On the global innovation index, Sweden
ranks as number 4 (though this does include government policy such as
patent law, and fiscal policy). Sweden is the world's most networked
Of course, what the Keynesians will say is that this is all an
achievement of government policy and the large proportion of GDP that
goes into the state. However, how can a generous benefits system
support, for example, the innovation that is shown here? Is the
innovation what allows spending of this size, or is it that the
spending causes the innovation. Cause and effect - how do you untangle
these? Is the ability for government to spend so much the effect or the
cause? I expect that LK will answer some of these rankings with
examples of how government action facillitated the ranking. The problem
is that this takes the particular context of one country as an exemplar
for another country.
When the Keynesians propose country 'x' as an exemplar, they appear to
view all countries as having identical strengths and weaknesses, and
take no account of, for example, business culture. For those like me,
who have worked in US, UK, French and German companies, as well as
having worked with the Japanese, the Italians, Swiss, Chinese and so
forth, it is apparent that there are real differences in business
For example, hhilst I have worked with Swedish people, I have not done
so enough to have a clear perspective on their business and working
culture. However, I have had considerable experience of working with
another oft cited example from the Keynesians, and that is the Germans.
In particular, I have worked for a German multinational. My experience
of working with Germans was that I was deeply impressed. They have a
culture of thoroughness, of attention to every detail, and this is
ideal for a manufacturing base. When compared with a British company,
it was all very impressive. It is not just the experience of working
within a German company, but also my experience of working with Germans
in general. How does this kind of factor fit into explaining the
success of country 'x', 'y' or 'z' in the examples given by the
Keynesians. The answer is that, because it can not be measured, it does
not appear (comments from those who have worked with German business
The point I am trying to make here is that policy 'x', 'y' or 'z' does
not operate in a vacuum, but in the context of a long history of
economic policy, social policy, educational policy, particular
resources, particular stages of economic development, and the global
economic context of the particular time and so forth. As I have said,
the Keynesians are not alone in this, and this is why economics is a
matter of such debate. Cause and effect are actually very difficult to
identify when looking at any individual policy. It is why opposing
schools of economics are able to justify their positions in direct
opposition to one another. I will give another example of this
generalisation from country 'x' to country 'y' later.
One of the most interesting points that LK is making is that high
government expenditure can sit alongside economic success, and this is
why he cites the examples of Scandinavia etc. What he does not cite are
the counter examples such as the UK. The UK has seen a steady expansion
of the size of the state in the UK over the last ten or so years.
However, having expanded the state, the UK is now in deep economic
trouble. Is this not a counter example to those that he has given?
Could it be that there are factors specific to the cited examples that
allow them to support such a large state, but the UK lacks those
factors? LK will not doubt suggest that the UK state misused their
increasing control over the output of the country....
In a recent example, I mentioned the work of Carmen Reinhart and
Kenneth Rogoff 'This Time is Different', a book founded upon empirical
evidence, and LK immediately responded with a list of authors who have
criticised their work. No doubt, the critiques included counter
examples, and this is what we always find. For every example, in a
complex history of economics, and a complex world, there are always
ways to present a counter argument - as there is endless variability in
contexts. In the end, what we are always left with, is the underlying
theory, and which theory we choose to believe, and which interpretation
of the 'facts' is most credible.
For example, LK puts the explanation for post war economic growth as
follows (in the comments section):
The sources of post war growth can be found in effective financial
regulation (to prevent asset bubbles), discretionary fiscal and
monetary policies, and Keynesian demand management.
It is an explanation that has often been offered by LK. Note that the
economic growth during this period takes no account of increased
productivity of labour, or the many innovations that took place during
this period. If we want to see an explanation for why an economy gets
richer, would it not be useful to take into account the innovations and
technologies? Instead of this, LK looks at the monetary and fiscal
policies, and Keynesian demand management as explanations. I will ask a
simple question.
If a factory yesterday can make 1000 toasters per hour per unit of
labour, but in a years time can make 1200 toaster per hour per unit of
labour, does this not represent a real increase in material wealth?
What we have are two different explanations for the same thing; growth
in economies in countries like the US and Europe. In my version, we can
see real changes in output per worker as new and more efficient
production methods, systems and machines are introduced, creating real
increases in output per worker (and this includes services), and we can
see a real and measurable outcome of such innovation. On the other
hand, we can see abstract and indirect theoretical transmission
mechanisms that are represented by 'effective financial regulation (to
prevent asset bubbles), discretionary fiscal and monetary policies, and
Keynesian demand management.' The post world war growth, according to
LK is resultant from Keynesian policy....and there is no way to
comprehensively disprove his view.
My answer to the LK argument is that economic growth is created by the
kinds of innovations that make increases in outputs, and development of
new goods and services, possible. Those innovations are created in the
competition between suppliers of goods and services, each trying to
outdo each other in the market, in a battle for profits and survival.
Whilst monetary and fiscal policy might have an influence, along with
the regulatory regime, these are not the drivers of economic growth.
Instead, they are potential hindrance of economic growth, and the best
outcome that they might achieve is a neutral effect upon growth. None
of these lead to the innovations that mean that there can be more
output of good or service 'x' by worker 'y'.
In other words, government monetary policy, fiscal policy, and
regulation do not create the innovations that create real increases in
output. In the end, you can choose which is the better explanation of
the post war growth. Was it government policy, or a period in which
innovation created massive gains in output?
One argument might be that elements of government fiscal policy might
have some indirect impacts, such as the proportion of government
spending being used in effective and efficient education programs. Some
government funded research programs might also lead to innovations that
will impact upon output in the economy. However, how those research
programs might produce results in comparison to the actual investment
in research, in comparison with having the money being used in research
by private organisations/individuals, is a question for which there is
no neutral answer. For example, elements of the modern Internet flowed
from US government defence research, but the application benefits in
the civilian Internet were coincidental but huge.
But then again, the huge amount of money poured into defence programs
must surely eventually result in some kind of breakthrough...
In proportion to the total of government expenditure, how might we
measure such benefits, and how might they be compared to private R&D
expenditure? If the money were left in private hands, what kind of
economic growth might it achieve? We do not know the answers to such
questions, and there is no neutral way of making such an assessment.
There is no data that might objectively measure such a thing.
This brings me onto LK's favourite term, which is the idea
of 'industrial policy'. This is a bit problematic, as it is always
vague and undefined. I will quote some examples from LK:
That is why they need to nationalize banks, tightly regulate them,
control allocation of capital to productive investments, adopt
aggressive trade and industrial policies and rebuild manufacturing and
output of tradable goods and services. (here)
This can be done through social policies to help families as well as
immigration and vigorous industrial policy. (here)
It's [the US] main problem is that it allows it multinational
corporations to ship its jobs to East Asia.
This can be fixed quite easily through industrial and trade policy or
by taxing corporations according to the value added in the US. Yes,
that means higher prices for manufactured goods. But it also means
employment, investment, stronger industries and a healthy economy.
The rise of China was very little to do with comparative advantage. It
rose through aggressive industrial policy.
The UK and US can use aggressive industrial policy as well to rebuild
their manufacturing sectors. (here)
Only in one case have I found anything that might explain what
industrial policy might really mean, and that is a link provided by
Lord Keynes to a Google books page on Taiwan's emergence as a modern
economy. Other than suggesting a formula which might, or might not
have, contributed to Taiwan's growth, it is all rather vague. If we
look at LK's blog, we find a few indirect references:
The only region that showed an increase was East Asia, precisely the
region dominated by the protectionist state-led model of
industrialization, led by Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and (from the
early 1990s) China. (here)
In another post, LK discusses the New Zealand experience of industrial
policy, but never makes clear exactly what that policy was, or how it
might have succeeded. Instead, he discusses external factors, and
claims that the big fall in GDP was a result of neo-liberalism. Once
again, we have a selection of factors that suit the argument being made
(if you read the post, it does not mention many of the factors
involved, such as what drove the eponymous instigator of the liberal
policies known as Rogernomics to declare that the country faced
economic ruin - and the instigator was a Labour MP).
What we have here is some very vague suggestions from LK, that are
never fully elaborated. I used Google to search my site for industrial
policy comments from LK, and could not find anything which might
explain how this industrial policy might really work. There are
certainly indications that the intent is to introduce capital controls,
impose tariffs (direct or indirect) and to control industrial sectors -
as well as hinting at mercantilist policy. However, I will not comment
on these here, as they are only speculation.
Then there is the Keynesian perfectly circular arguments for government
borrowing. These are the arguments that government borrowing is
unconstrained, and that government borrowing might be a way to lead an
economy out of recession. According to LK, there is no limit to
government borrowing, and that government borrowing creates
economic 'growth'. This is a recent comment from LK, in which he
claims 'proof' that economic stimulus works:
Secondly, the Western countries have returned to mild growth and are
not contracting: this is proof of the success of fiscal policy (you are
mistaken to say that Keynesian stimulus can never be proved ?wrong?: if
we got a major depression and negative growth in the face of large
fiscal stimulus, then this WOULD demonstrate that something is wrong
with the Keynesian theory).The most interesting thing here is that LK
actually thinks that the consumption of borrowed resource represents
economic growth. The simplest way to illustrate why this is such an odd
idea is to pull away any restraints on borrowing. For the sake of
illustration, let's imagine that the US had a credit line of an
additional $1 trillion this year, in addition to their current huge
borrowing, and that the US utilised that credit line. If they did so,
they could start any number of huge projects, all utilising that
borrowed money, and there would not just be GDP growth, there would be
a massive boom in the economy. GDP growth would sky rocket.
If this is the case, why not just borrow that additional $1 trillion.
The economy would boom, tax revenue would boom, and the economic growth
would mean that the debt to GDP ratio would fall, suggesting that the
debt is more serviceable. If this is the case, then it would seem that,
the more that is borrowed, the greater the economic growth, and the
more successful the economy. On this basis, every economy should add
ever more borrowing every year to ensure endless economic growth. After
all, the growth reduces the debt to GDP ratio, and increases the tax
revenues to ensure repayment of the debt. Here is a recent example of
this thinking from Krugman, offering a critique of German austerity
"But that doesn't make sense. Even if you manage to save 80 billion
euros ? which you won't, because the budget cuts will hurt your economy
and reduce revenues ? the interest payments on that much debt would be
less than a tenth of a per cent of your GDP. So the austerity you're
pursuing will threaten economic recovery while doing next to nothing to
improve your long-run budget position."So here you have it - cutting a
budget deficit hurts tax revenues. This is so circular, that I find it
beyond belief that any person might suggest this as a realistic
approach to economics. If government borrows money, and that borrowed
money enters the economy, then more activity will take place, which
will create more government tax revenue, meaning that the government
can claim that the economy is growing whilst improving their ability to
service the debt that they used to start the whole process.
It is a perfectly circular system. It is an economic perpetual motion
machine. So what is the problem with this economic perpetual motion
The trick to understanding this is not to think of government borrowing
money, but of borrowing of resources. When a government borrows money
from overseas, they are actually borrowing the output of that overseas
country. For example, if borrowing from the Gulf states, it is the
equivalent of borrowing oil. When that oil enters into the economy, it
allows for increased activity in the economy as the oil is consumed. At
each stage of activity in the economy, a percentage of that oil is
consumed and that oil is a contributor to the output within the
economy. It is a system in which real resources are being consumed. The
problem here is that the consumption is consumption of Saudi Arabian
output, not US output. In consuming the oil, the measurement is not of
US output, but is a measure of US output + Saudi Arabian output.
All the time this consumption is taking place, there is an accumulation
of an obligation to provide goods and services in the future to repay
the loan of oil in the future. Those goods and services will
necessarily require the consumption of resources (including oil) in the
future to repay the loan of oil. If this is the case, then a percentage
of the total resources of the US must be allocated to making this
repayment. If those resources are being utilised to repay the loan of
oil, then they will not be available for internal consumption.
Remember, the oil resources that were borrowed have been consumed.
What all of this tranlates into is that, if you borrow and consume huge
amounts of resource, it is possible to achieve growth in activity. I
can not argue with this. It is self-evidently true. It is very easy to
generate activity with borrowed resources. Just borrow more and more,
and you will generate ever more activity. That this is the case does
not in any way imply that this is a good long term strategy for an
economy. It is actually the easiest thing to do - borrow money to
create activity. It is so easy that we might think a monkey could do
it. It is not clever, it is not sophisticated, and you do not need to
have a PhD in economics to understand that if you throw enough borrowed
resources into an economy, it will create activity. But where does it
leave you, but with an obligation to repay that resource in the future.
What about if the borrowed resource is used for investment? It may be
that some of those oil resources were borrowed and used to create new
output, for example, building a factory. If this is the case, it might
be that the factory will later produce goods and services that might
help pay for the borrowed oil. The question here is to ask whether this
is actually what is taking place? Are the gargantuan sums of borrowed
money being directed into investment or consumption?
If it were the case that the huge sums of money were being wisely
invested in new and productive investments, we would see a massive
growth in the US economy as a result of the investments. However, we
can not see any such resultant growth, but instead see the US limping
along, with no real signs of recovery.
The answer of LK to this problem is to suggest that the massive
stimulus spending is not being correctly utilised, and should be used
for infrastructure projects/ other projects specified by the wise sages
of post-Keynesianism. What I always find interesting about such
proposals is that, if these projects were of genuine economic benefit,
why were they not undertaken before? After all, all governments want
economic growth, and there is no reason why such projects might produce
such a return in the good times as in the bad times. What has changed?
By curious coincidence, these projects move from being unconvincing in
the good times, to convincing in the bad times. In other words, the
value of the projects is being subjectively reassessed in the bad
times. What was a poor investment becomes a good investment.
As an interesting example, LK cites the case of the success of the
stimulus in China as follows:
First: the tremendous success of Keynesian stimulus in China and
To repeat a previous post:
In the face of a massive collapse in their export-led growth economy,
what did China do?
They implemented a massive $586 billion dollar Keynesian stimulus ? and
then got a very impressive recovery, so impressive in fact that with
growth in the first quarter of 2010 at 11.9%, there is talk that they
may need to cool down the economy.
Does that sound like a ?failure??
Australia also implemented a large Keynesian fiscal stimulus, which
worked very well, and it benefited from China's stimulus as well.
Conclusion? Countries that are close trade partners benefit
tremendously from Keynesian stimulus in both countries.
Your failure to even address this point severely undermines your whole
I am not sure whether LK has been to China, but there are large swathes
of China that genuinely lack infrastructure. As one example of the
government spending on infrastructure, the last time I was in China, I
went along a pot-holed track and could see a massive new highway being
built alongside it. The road was opening up a large area of Sichuan
province to the rest of China, and would thereby pull that region into
the Chinese economic system. There was little potential for economic
development of the area prior to the road being built, as the
communications were simply too poor to allow any growth. When I viewed
the road being built, there could be little doubt that it was a genuine
investment which would allow the people of the region to contribute to
economic growth in the future.
You may note the difference here. In an emerging economy such as China,
there are many projects that are not only attractive, but actually
essential. This is not to say that all investments in infrastructure in
China will repay the investment (it is a very corrupt country), but
that it is easy to find good investment projects. Even before the
crisis, China was investing heavily in such projects (as there were so
many that were necessary) and they have just accelerated this process.
Unlike a developed economy, these projects were self-evidently a good
investment before the 'bad' times. Furthermore, China is a current
account surplus country, meaning that it can pay for these projects
without the risks in having to borrow the resources of other countries
to fund the projects.
What we will see from the Keynesians is that they will suddenly find
hundreds, if not thousands, of projects that have been crying out for
investment. They appear as if by magic, as soon as there is a downturn.
In the case of an emerging economy like China, many of the projects
will be of great value, but in a developed economy, they are unlikely
to be anything but of marginal benefit at best. In using China as an
example, LK does exactly what I discussed earlier. He takes a case out
of context to 'prove' his point, but in reality, proves nothing. I
believe that I have answered LK completely here, and his use of this
example just illustrates my point about context. Any comparison of the
situation of China and a country like the US is pointless.
What of all those unemployed? According to the Keynesian arguments, all
of these people are sitting around as unproductive resource. Would it
not be better to employ this idle resource?
It is a tempting argument, if only for the dignity of the unemployed
workers (which is a concern I share). However, in employing these
people, for example in infrastructure projects, they are not a resource
that is being used productively, but rather a resource which costs more
resource to appear to be productive. If the infratructure project is
not viable as an investment, then the additional resources needed to
emply these workers mean that they are just consuming additional
resources in their employment. Compared with having the unemployed
worker sitting at home (for example on benefits) this represents a net
increase in resource consumption per person who is employed on the
project compared with being unemployed at home.
'Yes', in the short term, a person can appear to be gainfully employed,
but at what cost for the future?
To illustrate the point, prior to the crisis exploding, there was high
employment in many developed economies as a result of the credit boom.
All of those people appeared to be engaged in productive and useful
employment. However, the apparently productive employment was resultant
from the borrowing of resources from other countries, and the
consumption of these resources. Each of these people employed as a
result of the credit boom looked every bit like they were making a net
contribution to the economy, but many of them were just facilitators of
consumption of the output of other countries. Their net contribution to
the economy was actually negative, as they were part of a system in
which consumption exceeded output. The result is the massive debt
overhang in many developed countries. The Keynesian stimuli just offers
more of the same. Just as the private debt overhang led to unemployment
now, the government debt overhang will create unemployment in the
future. It is just a delay, not a solution.
The private debt accumulation led to lots of employment in
unsustainable sectors, such that resources were directed into an
unsustainable economic structure. When the structure collapsed,
unemployment went up. However, the stimuli measures have sought to turn
this back, but by doing the same thing as the original problem. By
trying to support an economy based upon borrowing, which entrenches an
unsustainable structure.
This is the other problem with the Keynesian solution; it evades the
underlying problems in an economy. If we think of the net
over-consumption in the economy, it must be the case that, at some
point, the balance must be reversed to pay back the previous
over-consumption. By borrowing more money, the structure of the economy
is left in a form in which large sectors of the economy are structured
towards the over-consumption. If people are employed on infrastructure
projects that represent a consumption of resource (not an investment),
then the sectors of the economy that are supported by over-consumption
are left in place. These sectors continue to have resources directed at
them. Replacing private borrowing with government borrowing just leaves
the same structure in place, completely unreformed.
This kind of problem, however, is not apparent at the time of the
stimulus spending. In fact, none of these problems are apparent at the
time of spending the stimulus money. This is why LK can claim success,
as he has done, for recent bouts of stimulus spending. LK points to
country 'x' and says look how they have returned to growth having
spent 'x' amount of money on a major stimulus. As I have said earlier,
it is no wonder that pouring masses of borrowed resource into an
economy will stimulate activity. It really does not take much to see
the cause and effect, but it is a different matter to see the long term
So why does LK think this will work long term? I will quote from one of
his recent comments:
That the effect of a stimulus is ?transient? is an utterly trivial
point. Of course it is.
The whole point is to temporarily stimulate the economy back into
growth, so that demand for private goods will be restored and private
business confidence and output will rise - which creates a
self-sustaining economic expansion. Output of what will rise? If you
are stimulating with borrowed resources, yes, output will rise, but it
will rise in the sectors of the economy which otherwise can not support
themselves. You are simply entrenching the structural problems, as I
discussed earlier. It is not self-sustaining, as the parts of the
economy that are supported by overconsumption remain in place. They can
only be supported by ongoing borrowing for consumption.
I have noted in previous posts that, as economies such as the US and UK
returned to so-called growth, we could see a commensurate deterioration
in the trade balance. No doubt, all of the consumption fuelled by the
borrowing will support the economy for a little longer, but the
underlying structural problems are kept in place at the cost of
accumulation of debt. It is a transient effect, and this in not
an 'utterly trivial point' as LK claims. It is exactly the point. As
soon as the stimulus is withdrawn, the economy will return to the
problems that have not been addressed. This brings me to another point.
LK criticised me recently as follows (my words quoted in italics):
If the fiscal stimulus runs out of steam, have another one, and another
one, and another one. If it is not working, a larger one will do the
trick. If the larger one does not do the trick, then there is an even
larger one that might be do the trick. In nobody will lend, print
money. If that does not work, just print more.
I assume this is mainly meant to be rhetoric?
If not, which countries have tried 6 stimulus packages that failed?
Answer: none.
Have any countries tried 5, 4, or 3 stimulus packages that failed?
Answer: none.
In fact, have any countries even tried 2 stimulus packages yet??Yes,
Japan. It has long been using all of the tools advocated by LK. And
when these did not work, the cry is that they should have done more
of 'x' and 'y', they stopped the stimuli at the wrong time etc. No
doubt LK will claim that Japan did not apply their various stimuli
correctly...or they should have pushed on through with more of the
same. More bridges to nowhere....
And this leads me on to the next problem, which is the idea that
government borrowing is different from private borrowing:
In the real world, the government controls monetary policy. Its debt
isn?t even remotely like private debt. An entity that has the power to
create money cannot go bankrupt.
It can certainly use too many real resources, cause inflation in boom
times, increase the external deficit unsustainably, or stupidly borrow
money from private markets when it has no need to.Within this argument,
we see that LK is a supporter of printing money (or he will no doubt
use the weasal term quantitative (QE) easing). I agree that borrowing
money on private markets is foolish, but that is because I do not agree
with the borrowing of money in the first place. However, the proposal
of LK appears to be that the best route is to simply print money, and
utilise this rather than money borrowed from private markets. As we
know, this is what the UK was doing until recently. For those of us who
pointed out this was inflationary, we are now being vindicated. The UK
is indeed now subject to growing inflation, despite the 'output gap',
despite the fall off in private credit. In fact, the UK is importing
inflation due to the decline in the value of the pound, and this
despite the Bank of England's continuous predictions of deflation. The
only question remaining is how far the inflation might climb (although
the austerity measures being proposed may put a halt to the inflation).
The problem is this. If you start down the road of printing money to
finance deficits, you eventually create inflation. The transmission
method of the inflation may be through currency depreciation, may be
through a boom in credit, asset price appreciation or a host of
different conduits. It may be that the effects are delayed, for example
where the UK banks used the process of QE to rebuild reserves. However,
eventually, the new money appears in the economy. When it does so, it
must be sterilised, or it will lead to inflation, and here is the
problem. In order to sterilise the money, the Bank of England must sell
assets to destroy the newly created money, which means selling gilts.
In doing so, the process of QE just becomes a delaying mechanism, as
those gilts must be sold in private markets. Either that of the Bank of
England must print money to sell the gilts to itself, thereby defeating
the purpose of the sale (though I would not be surprised at such a
lunatic policy).
It is an incoherent idea to suggest that a government does not
eventually need to turn to private markets to finance their deficits.
And if the private markets do not want to buy? What happens then? The
money created remains in the system....and the inflation will follow...
And this is why government debt is like any other debt. Sure, a
government can not go bankrupt in that they have no money, but a
country can end up with a worthless currency that can not be used to
exchange for goods and services. In order for a government to borrow,
the potential lenders have to, in the end, believe that they will have
the borrowing repaid in a value that exceeds their lending. So a
government can print money, and default on its debts indirectly.
However, a default is a default is a default, regardless of the
specific form of the default. The more a government borrows, the
greater the call of the creditors on the future output of the borrowing
country. If the output does not increase faster than the borrowing (not
including the output that is itself resultant from the borrowing),
then, at some point in the future, there will be a loss of output for
internal use in the borrowing country. Either that, or the country
defaults on debt (for example paying with printed money).
And when a country defaults, with outright or indirect default, the
credit will stop, or will be offered at high interest rates to reflect
the risk. Whichever the case, the private debt markets will impose a
fiscal discipline on the government. It is not that the private markets
are evil and anti-democratic. They have a reasonable expectation of
repayment when they lend money. If there is any evil (though I do not
like this word) it is governments seeking to bribe their voters with
borrowed money today which will have to be repaid by others in the
future. It is the lie that this is sustainable and can be continued
with no future consequence. I keep coming back to the point - it is
easy, if not lazy, to just keep borrowing more money, in order to
support a failing economy. Pouring borrowed money into an economy is
the easiest thing in the world, but it is the repayment of the
borrowing in the future that is the challenge.
A good example of this lazy and dishonest approach to economic
management are the state pension schemes. As every year goes by, the
liabilities steadily accumulate. As they do so, governments pretend
they are not there, as confronting the problems of the accumulating
debt would not be popular. The pensions will, one day, need to be paid,
and that liability is going to become the liability of the following
generation. It is no different from borrowing to build a hospital, or a
new road. In both cases, the benefits accrue to one group now, at the
cost of future tax payers. In the case of pensions, the provision of
savings to support the pension schemes would come at a cost of less
activity in the economy now. Less 'growth'. In the case of the hospital
built with borrowed money, the same thing. In all cases, someone is
going to have to pay for these benefits, just not the people who are
enjoying the benefits.
This is the Keynesian policy writ large. The avoidance of only
consuming what you can produce. Beneath all of the sophisticated
arguments, it all comes to this central point. If you borrow, you must
repay. I do not believe in government borrowing at all, but borrowing
more than your underlying growth of wealth creating capacity means that
someone in the future must pay for your consumption now. This is
morally bankrupt and irresponsible.
And then I come to the question of why governments borrow in the first
place. If there is unemployment, why borrow the money to alleviate the
problem. Why not just tax more and use the taxes to pay for the
unemployed? The reason is that the high tax would be unpopular. Why
borrow to build a new hospital. Because paying for the hospital
directly would be reflected in higher taxes for the users of the
hospital. How much better to spend borrowed money and call
it 'investment' or other euphimisms for passing on cost to those in the
future. And for people like LK, they offer sophisticated arguments,
endless cherry-picked evidence to hide the fact that if you consume
more than you produce, unless your output increases above the rate of
your borrowing, someone is going to pay in the future.
Someone in the future is going to have less, so that you can have more
There are many other arguments made by LK, and many other Keynesians.
Within all of their arguments, we always come back to the same themes.
Government borrowing is the solution to all ills, and if governments
can not borrow now, they can always print money. It is the endless
pushing of today's problems into the future. It is exactly like the
pensions problem. Do not confront difficulties now, just leave them to
the future. But this is the great attraction of Keynesian economics. It
is why defenders of Keynesian policy gain so much support.
However, as one commentator put it in the Telegraph, the days of spend
now pay later are over. Later is now. Many governments are now facing
the point where the markets are asking how governments plan to pay back
the money they have borrowed. In the world of LK, he proposes that the
answer is to ignore the markets, and print money instead, ignoring that
one day, like it or not, the markets must buy the debt. No doubt,
printing money might delay the problem a little longer, avoid the
absolute need for economic restructuring, but only at ever greater cost
later. This is the problem with the soltuions offered - they delay
confronting the problems to create a greater later cost.
I fully expect reams of counter argument from LK. He will, insist that
his case is right, will contest the Swedish point, and so forth.
However, for the readers of this blog, just think about the perpetual
motion machine of government borrowing creating economic growth.
Borrowing to consume now creates wealth in the future.
Wise 'investments' appear from thin air. Think of the way in which
China offers 'proof', entirely free of context. Think about the pension
deficit, of how easy it is to pass the buck. Think of the arguments
about how governments do not need the private markets for borrowing as
they can just print money. Think how easy it is to pour money into an
economy, but how difficult it is to pay back.
It is a lazy economics dressed up with sophistication and misdirection.
It is easy to have a party on borrowed money, but less easy to deal
with payment in the future. It is very easy to spend the money of
future generations and have good times now. Any idiot can do this. The
true genius of Keynesian economics is that they can dress this up so
well with theory. In the end, my argument rests on one key point. If
you consume more than you can produce through borrowing on an ongoing
basis, you have a problem, and you can only delay facing that problem
for so long.
Note: LK has written extensively on mnay subjects and, even with such a
long post, I have not covered them all. In fact, to give a full
response to LK would take a lifetime, so I leave this reply partly
unfinished. I also note that LK has added some substance in his recent
comments on industrial policy. Unfortunately, added after this post was
written, and I really do not want to revise the section. This was time
consuming enough.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to CynicusEconomicus using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-28 13:24:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the sterling quote 
Large corporate entities are a problem.  And you are right that corporate
plunder had led to socializing losses.  That is a big part of the problem.
We socialized risk, but not reward.  There are plausible reasons for that.
Mostly those reasons have to do with avoiding accelerating crises.  For now
it looks like we are going to enter into another major slow down.  It will
be painful.  I think the intent is to convince the baby boomers all over the
world that the funds do not exist to give them intensive health care and a
retirement package.  And that funds will not be reallocated to that end as a
social priority.  You might feel that is a violation of trust. I guess it is
so.  But it isn't going to happen without near social civil war or just
plain abandonment of the old by the young, so I am not sure what
alternatives now exist.  Consequently, I am of a mind of finding paths that
minimize the pain.  Pain is relative now.  We are before the surgery in most
of the world.  We'll see what the damage is, and how much it hurts.  For
now, all that can be done is to save and to wait.

@_date: 2010-06-28 22:21:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] must read: The era of extreme neoliberalism and 
Nice history of the British welfare state:
Bismarck actually introduced national healthcare as a military supporting
scheme in Germany.  The US tried in 1919 and failed by a few votes after
ferocious lobbying by doctors against a national system.
The US Social Security System of the 1930s was the model for most modern
systems that came into being after WW2.
It was the effective bankruptcy of the UK in the 1970s that really launched
Thatcherism.   Many of the discussions current now in the US, Spain, Italy,
Greece, etc. were commonplace in 1965 and again in the 1980s.  Demographic
models have been predicting the current outcome for a generation.
France seems to be the place still to retire early with good benefits:
Here's some OECD numbers...

@_date: 2010-06-29 09:01:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] must read: The era of extreme neoliberalism and 
I think lots of naitons were copying each other.  The US tended to be more
insular and self-aware then as now.

@_date: 2010-06-29 09:09:03
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] must read: The era of extreme neoliberalism and 
I like Polanyi and think he has much to say worthwhile.
I think where we differ on capitalism is that you see an acceleration of
past indiscretions.  I see new failures in how the system was meant to
work...not accelerations.  The system was always designed (when it was
designed) as a partnership between the state and the economy to mutual
benefit.  Of course people sometimes got ground up in the gears, but most
did well...or better than their forebears.
The idea of pure market is relatively new with the rise of the Austrian
School of Economics...and even their early folks, Menger and the like, were
fixated on stopping socialism...not eliminating the state regulator.  For
its part, the state became feckless and corrupt in most places--as we have
seen in the US with the regulation of the oil companies leading up to the BP
crisis.  This was also true in the financial collapse with FANNIE MAE et
The so-called "iron triangle" of bureaucracy only works when there is a
triangle...not a line.
Anarchists like right wingers don't believe in institutions very much.
Trust is very low for the state and its capacity to steer.  I go back and
forth.  My trust is low right now, but my strongest feelings are for a state
that works because I know that will lead to much better ways of life (the US
west in 1920 versus 1880, for instance, or England in 1920 versus 1820.
On Tue, Jun 29, 2010 at 5:58 AM, j.martin.pedersen <

@_date: 2010-06-29 10:29:19
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What Austerity Brings... 
Here's a story about Ireland...no surprise to a Keynesian...

@_date: 2010-06-29 11:08:17
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: What Austerity Brings... 
Merkel is the leader here now.  Germany will be fine.  The rest of Europe is
going to be a basket case.
Canada has the highest personal debt levels in the world.  Their housing
market seems to be in a severe bubble.  Hard to say how it comes out.  They
could import lots more people (wealthy educated ones...) and probably stave
off problems.  Trouble is, that changes the culture as Europe (and even the
US well know.)  Rotterdam has more South Asians than Dutch these
days...literally.   Personally, I like free movement and low barriers to
citizenship, but Canada is really pressed to decide on that one...they can't
simply devalue their currency and sell goods to the US to keep going as
they have in the past.  The world now wants a strong Canadian dollar...and
that's going to change Canada.

@_date: 2010-06-29 16:17:32
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Relative Price Levels in the Euro Area 1995-2009 
What a currency crisis looks like from the perspective of
pricing...some states inflating...others deflating...with one
currency...very difficult to manage.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Relative Price Levels in the
Euro Area 1995-2009 via Early Warning by Stuart Staniford on 6/29/10
This graph shows the relative price levels in selected euro area
countries. The PIIGS countries are in solid colors, and Germany is in
heavy black - other countries are dashed. I left off a few of the very
small economies.
You can see the problem - over the last 15 years, costs on the
periphery escalated relative to the big core economies - Germany and
France. Now the area is at risk of deflation - in particular in
Ireland, there was clear deflation in 2009. (There's an interesting
article on the not-too-great effects of Ireland's austerity program in
this morning's NYT).
Here's the same data with the German price level divided out.
It's going to take a while to undo that...
The data are from the IMF World Economic Outlook database.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Early Warning using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-29 16:26:01
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Approach to Singularity 
Unemployment and the singularity.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Approach to Singularity via
Early Warning by Stuart Staniford on 6/28/10
This post is an attempt to think through the economic and political
implications of the approaching singularity. As such, it's necessarily
highly speculative - caveat lector. Let's start with the graph above
(from this post, with an additional annotation). It shows (in black)
linear and quadratic extrapolations of the male employment/population
ratio, along with the yellow dot showing a conjecture that at a true
singularity (machines smarter than humans in all important respects),
nobody would be employed, along with Kurzweil's estimate of the
singularity date (which is based roughly on extrapolating Moore's Law
and assuming that soon after computers exceed the processing capacity
of the human brain, we will know how to simulate human intelligence,
and then improve on it).
My suspicion is that the truth is somewhere in between and the purple
curve shows one possible guess (and it's no more than that). The
general idea is that the organizing principles of intelligent thought
will prove harder to crack than just producing the raw computing power,
but on the other hand, several orders of magnitude of more Moore's law
will be more dramatically transformative than the trend in the
employment/population ratio to date would indicate. Additionally, of
course, we will have the ongoing effects of China, India, etc, bringing
a larger and larger fraction of their populations into the modern era,
and this will have a depressing effect on US employment for several
more decades (either we let our corporations continue to outsource to
those countries, or we'll find our corporations put out of business by
lower cost competitors, or we'll impose major trade barriers and invite
corresponding retaliation, and any which way, it will tend to put
pressure on US employment).
Now it seems clear that this trend is not going to run uninterrupted to
zero in a democratic society. Other things being equal, machine
intelligence has overwhelming economic advantages - the possibility of
being readily specialized to task, the willingness to work night and
day without demanding resource-intensive houses and cars in
compensation, ability to be replicated exactly, etc, etc. However,
people have an overwhelming political advantage - they can vote, and
machines can't.
I expect in the short term (next decade or two), what we will see is an
intensification of the trends of recent decades:
- Life will get better for most people in the upper class and upper
half of the middle class. If you have a lot of assets, or a creative
and intellectually challenging job, the technology will enable you and
make your life better and provide you with cool toys and entertainment
options. There will be increasing demand for your skills, and
employment will not be a problem.
- In the lower half of the income/class spectrum, life will get
steadily grimmer. There will be fewer jobs suited to your skills and
abilities, and competition for the ones that there are will be intense.
More and more people will fall out of the system and have to find
alternative ways to survive (welfare, crime, institutionalization,
disability, relying on family/friends, etc, etc).
- Competition for educational opportunities will become increasingly
high-stakes, as education becomes more and more critical to have a
chance at fitting into the system in a reasonably high-status way.
- Overall, psychological stress in the society will gradually increase.
- The basic assumptions of our culture - that status is associated with
having income/assets, that hard work is good, that people living off
some form of welfare are second-class citizens, that innovation is
good, will not be widely challenged initially.As long as things are
getting better for society's elite (who control all the important
social and economic institutions), they will certainly desire to
preserve the existing order and the existing cultural rules.
However, as times goes on, and as computer intelligence continues to
get better and better and displace more and more people from the
workforce, it seems that there will be fertile ground for political
movements to address the situation. I see several issues that will
build over time:
- The more-or-less unemployed underclass will get larger, is unlikely
to be very content, and is potentially available to be recruited into
political movements for change.
- Members of the elite will increasingly recognize the nature of the
process, and realize that even though they are doing great, their
children's future is at risk.The question then becomes - what should
such future political/cultural movements propose to do?
I assume that, with the exception of a few fairly bizarre computer
scientists, most people do not wish to be functionally replaced with
machines. I also assume that modifying people themselves to make them
smarter will prove much less tractable than just making better machines
(it involves brain surgery, long clinical trials to establish
safety/efficacy, etc, all of which will make the product lifecycle
turnover much slower than new computer chips or software versions, and
at the end of the day, the pure machine is always going to be willing
to work for cheaper, since no-one is going to build into it the desire
for a big house in the suburbs and a fast car).
So people are, ultimately, going to want to preserve a human-dominated
society, but clearly that is going to mean that, one way or another, at
some point, we will have to agree to stop developing ever smarter
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Early Warning using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-29 13:28:55
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: What Austerity Brings... 
It is true that the correlation between the Canadian dollar and oil is above
.7 and has been above .8 in recent years.  But Canada is also increasingly
seen as an independent consumer economy no longer totally linked to the US.
It is still a major part of the US economy and the US dominates Canada's
economy...owning almost 60% of all Canadian equity.
It is the closest relationship between two nations on earth taken as a
whole...but Canada is more and more on its own footing as an currency as
seen by the world...especially Russia and China.

@_date: 2010-06-30 01:17:29
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Statistical Review of World Energy June 2010 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Statistical Review of World
Energy June 2010 via RFF Library Blog on 6/28/10
[From the Institute for Energy Research whose complete analysis is
here] According to the report:
- The United States increased its oil and natural gas production more
than any country.
- In 2009, Russia surpassed Saudi Arabia as the world?s largest oil
- Global proved oil reserves are at the highest levels of all time. At
the end of 2009, there were 1,333.1 billion barrels of proven reserves.
Including Canadian oil sands brings total oil reserves to 1,476 billion
- The United States surpassed Russia as the world?s largest producer of
natural gas.
- Global proved natural gas reserves are at the highest levels of all
time. Global reserves of natural gas at the end of 2009 were 6,621
trillion cubic feet, an increase of 1.2 percent. These reserves would
last about 63 years at 2009 world production levels.
- China?s carbon dioxide emissions grew by 9.1 percent in 2009
- Carbon dioxide emissions in the United States declined by 6.5 percent
mainly due to lower energy usage resulting from the recession.
- China is not the only emerging country with increased emissions from
carbon dioxide in 2009. India?s carbon dioxide emissions increased by 7
percent in 2009, Saudi Arabia?s by 5.4 percent, Iran?s by 4.6 percent,
and Indonesia?s by 2.5 percent.
- China?s oil consumption increased by 6.7 percent in 2009, compared to
a drop in the oil consumption of the United States by 4.9 percent.
- Global proved coal reserves are at the highest levels of all time.
Global reserves of coal totaled 826,001 million tons at the end of
2009. This is 119 years of production at 2009 production levels and the
United States has the largest share (28 percent) of these coal
Filed under: Uncategorized
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to RFF Library Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-30 01:25:45
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Does income inequality cause financial crises? 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Does income inequality cause
financial crises? via Ezra Klein by Ezra Klein on 6/28/10
Paul Krugman posted some slides (pdf) this morning from a talk he gave
exploring the connection between inequality and major economic crises.
They're a bit incomplete without Krugman's accompanying remarks, but in
them, Krugman says that he used to dismiss talk that inequality
contributed to crises, but then we reached Great Depression-era levels
of inequality in 2007 and promptly had a crisis, so now he takes it a
bit more seriously.
The problem, he says, is finding a mechanism. Krugman brings up
underconsumption (wherein the working class borrows a lot of money
because all the money is going to the rich) and overconsumption (in
which the rich spend and that makes the next-most rich spend and so on,
until everyone is spending too much to keep up with rich people whose
incomes are growing much faster than everyone else's).
I've long been interested in this question but, unfortunately, am not a
Nobel-level economist, and so don't have great answers. One theory
that's made intuitive sense to me is that the problem is not just the
demand for credit but the accompanying supply of idle money. When
someone making $25,000 a year gets a raise, they spend it. When someone
making $2,500,000 a year gets a raise, they invest it. And the more
money there is sitting around, the more demand there is for high-yield
investments, which means the more reward there is for people who can
invent new investment vehicles with high yields. Hence, you have
explosive innovations in weird financial instruments that look good for
a while because the risk is underpriced but end up making the system
more fragile when their risks come clear and everyone flees.
Paul Krugman - Economic - Social Sciences - People - Great Depression
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Ezra Klein using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-06-30 10:45:46
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Relative Price Levels in the Euro Area 1995-2009 
If you use the same currency as me, we want prices to be trending the
same.  If there is deflation in one zone because of austerity, and inflation
in another zone because of excessive spending, then the currency is being
asked to do opposite things at once...be inflationary in one place, and
deflationary in another.  In the end, that means that those places where
prices stay low...e.g Germany, or now Ireland, subsidize those where people
keep spending (e.g. Greece, Spain and Italy).   It won't work in the long
If Italy had lira, no big deal if they inflate and make currency less
valuable by spending money they don't have.  But if Germany is meanwhile
trying very hard to have a strong currency so that its people can buy Scotch
and Sony TVs for relatively few hours worked, it is very frustrating.
This is why it is typical to have one national policy framework (e.g. the
Fed or ECB) in a currency zone.  But if national governments operate
independently, it is hard for currency unions to be fair.  That is why,
throughout history, currency unions and voluntary systems have almost
universally failed.

@_date: 2010-06-30 13:10:32
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Relative Price Levels in the Euro Area 1995-2009 
============================== START ==============================
All good questions.  I'll try to answer best I can:
It means that any currency that purports to have value for public and
private debts in a given jurisdiction must have a central authority that
determines the standards of money.  It is illegal in most jurisdictions to
compete with said money.  Private currencies are problematic legally in a
number of ways.  Typically, they are viewed more as coupons or exchange
tokens (like a subway token) rather than "money."  Money has very specific
legal meanings.
Most don't choose to be fair.  The US has a long history of operating its
currency to the benefit of a broader domain than US citizens, but of late,
many quite rightly question whether that continues.  Sterling held a similar
role before the dollar...and sometime concurrent with it.  My guess is that
the Yuan is headed there.  The Euro was meant to, but never quite reached
that level of prestige or universality.
It does actually.  But if countries agree to fix their exchange rates (i.e.
have one currency) it doesn't work.  The Euro zone is one currency from
Ireland to Finland to Greece.  Germany is the de facto driver of the Euro
and hence it is sometimes called the Euromark or some such bastardization.
The "market" which is a currency trading market between banks sets the
rates.  Governments attempt to manipulate them through fiscal and monetary
policies.  The currency market is the most vast on earth...by a long shot.
In the end, it is supply and demand that determines how much a bottle of
Scottish whisky costs in Yen, dollars, Euros or pounds sterling.  The rates
move with surprising power and frequency.  Movement of about 1% of the value
of the Euro versus the dollar per day is not at all unusual.  In global
financial terms, the implications are huge.  Greek inability to pay a bond
that financed a wage to a civil servant can easily cause a hunk of chinese
steel or Peruvian copper or a dram of Scottish Whisky to be more expensive
in Germany...in a significant way.

@_date: 2010-03-01 00:16:33
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Raise Your Album Price To $111 By Giving It Away 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Raise Your Album Price To $111
By Giving It Away via Giles Bowkett by Giles Bowkett on 2/28/10
The study compiles responses from 1384 random fans who opted into the
databases of eight artists inside the MCN network. It studies behavior
over a two year period. Top level findings show that the average fan
email address is worth $111 per year in artist revenue both online and
In 2008, Reznor gave away NIN?s album The Slip in exchange for fans?
email addresses. Coldplay did the same with their album Left Right Left
Right Left in 2009.
A new full-length album costs about $14.99. The average fan email
address is worth $110 yearly.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Giles Bowkett using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-01 00:17:45
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Printing_People_Parts=3A_World=E2=80=99s?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Printing People Parts: World?s
First Human Organ Bio-Printer via Gajitz by delana on 2/19/10
[ Filed under Technology or in the Futuristic category ]
Will we one day be able to print anything and everything we need? 3D
printers have been used in architectural schools for quite some time
already (and self-replicating home models are becoming more and more
common), a 3D food printer is under development, and now several
sources are working on 3D bio-printers: machines that will ?print?
organs so patients will no longer have to wait for transplant
donations. Recently, the first commercial organ printer was built by
biomedical company Invetech and delivered to Organovo, a company that
has pioneered the bioprinting technology.
(image via: MUSC)
The printer is already capable of producing arteries, which doctors
will be able to use in bypass surgeries in as little as five years.
Other, more complex body parts should be possible within ten years:
bones and hearts, for example. The printer works by using two print
heads. One lays down a scaffold and the other places human cells into
the shape of whatever organ is being formed. There?s little threat of
the new organ being rejected since it?s made of the patient?s own
cells. The machines could represent a breakthrough in medicine, since
the wait time for new organs would be significantly shortened and the
risk of organ rejection nearly eliminated. Organovo plans to distribute
several of the machines to research facilities to encourage further
development of the printing technology.
Keep Going - Check out this Great Related Gajitz Article: Pod Parts: 3D
Replicators are Here, So is Future Not more than 10 or 15 years ago, it
would have been almost unthinkable to have the kind of photo-printing
technology that we have in homes today, and 100 years ago no one could
have imagined being able to scan and print documents at home. But
printing technology is just bounding ahead, and today we have 3D
replicators in universities and offices - no doubt they'll soon be in
our homes. Machin... Click Here to Read More ??
[ GoGoGajitz! - Filed under Technology or in the Futuristic category ]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Gajitz using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-02-28 20:04:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] does this correspond to your experience of 
I'm not sure the Gen Y'ers are devoid of greed.  My guess is that they don't
have good opportunities.  People basically seem hardwired in most cases to
accumulate.  We'd have to learn to not accumulate.  I'm always doubtful of
large scale solutions that require learning rather than greed or access to
The message that isn't getting through is that the old ways simply aren't
going to continue.  It sort of bemuses me that people are making this about
choice.  It isn't.  It is about necessity.  The world isn't going to net
accumulate in real currency terms for decades more.  When it stops, times
get interesting.  I'd like to live long enough to see how it comes out.
 Most baby boomers think the opposite.  They want to live short enought to
not see it.

@_date: 2010-03-01 01:25:00
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google donates $2 million to support Wikipedia - 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Google donates $2 million to
support Wikipedia - Michael Liedtke, Ap Technology via Educational
Technology by Ray on 2/28/10
Google Inc., the Internet's most profitable company, is giving $2
million to support Wikipedia, a volunteer-driven reference tool that
has emerged as one of the Web's most-read sites. The donation announced
Wednesday matches the largest grant made so far to Wikimedia
Foundation, the nonprofit group that oversees the 7-year-old Wikipedia.
Ebay founder Pierre Omidyar also donated $2 million to
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Educational Technology using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-01 08:16:16
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] does this correspond to your experience of 
We've been accumulating for a while.  Pharoahs built empires as did the
Chinese 4000 years ago.  We've been a species for about 100,000-200,000
years.  Hard to say if those pre-technology times matter for much.  There is
an active debate now in so-called "Paleo" diet circles where people
emphasize meat eating, for instance, because "Grok" did.  I'm personally of
a mind that technology changes all games and the species is evolving now
interactively with its own technology--not with other species (the latest
science) or with environment (Darwinism)...though technology could be viewed
as a subset of environment--I'd call that a stretch.  Perhaps environment is
becoming a subset of technology.
charactereristics she describes, as there were in the sixties, there are
many >others that are different.
Of course.
propensity for sharing and cooperation that the previous ones, and >that the
kind of hyper-careerism is, if anything, diminishing in force.
Maybe...perhaps even probably.  But the interesting question then would be
why?  Capacity to share?  Moral change?  An interaction of th two?
I'm rather disappointed in the current generation.  They seem to believe
that they invented self-accualization.  All youth tend to claim moral high
ground, but this one seems particularly self-righteous...rather like the
60s...who ended up a real dud.  Tom Brokaw claimed the WW2 Americans were
the "best" generation in an eponymous book.  I doubt that too.  Mostly I see
abdication of responsibility for the state, for local communities, for
schools, for environments.  If I had to name the coming generation, I'd call
them the hypocrit gen...rather like the 60s folks.  There's good reason why
strong self-sense generations fail.  They are heavy on identity.  Identity
tends to skew behavior but only for a time.  In time, people do what they
do.  So there were lots of people wearing peace necklaces in the 60s who, by
1982, were working for Goldman Sachs or Lockheed.  I know, I have them in my
own family...and they aren't a rarity.  The same is happening here where
people talk about doing more for the environment and each other and then,
when they get their shot at a 1400 sq m. home or a flat on the right square
in London, they seem to re-evaluate.
These are frightening times and I don't see anyone particularly responding
that well as a group.  We are closer to our own mortality than we've ever
been.  Things seem more in our control in a micro-sense while ironically
less in our control in a maco sense.  The economists are talking about an
"Age of Moderation" where growth cycles are less intense...and yet we feel
the economy is out of control.  Maybe this is driven by excessive and
hyper-speeded media.  Regardless, I don't see a shining generation marching
to save us.  Quite the opposite.  I see apathy, entitlement and fear equal
to any group prior.

@_date: 2010-03-01 12:58:53
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Check out "Calling Anti-Corruption Youth 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
     Peace and Collaborative Development
Building Bridges, Networks and Expertise Across Sectors
    [image: Craig
Craig Zelizer
 Check out the discussion 'Calling Anti-Corruption Youth Organizations, Join
the Global Youth Anti-Corruption Forum'
Discussion posted by Craig
The Global Youth Anti-Corruption Network (GYAC) connects and supports youth
organizations fighting corruption through sharing experiences,...
Discussion link:
Calling Anti-Corruption Youth Organizations, Join the Global Youth
About Peace and Collaborative Development Network
This is a professional networking site to encourage interaction between
individuals & organizations worldwide involved in development, peace,
conflict resolution and related fields. Members are encouraged to dialogue
and share resources.
  [image: Peace and Collaborative Development
Network] 12862
5443 photos
894 videos
4160 discussions
692 Events
2364 blog posts
To control which emails you receive on Peace and Collaborative Development
Network, click here

@_date: 2010-03-01 13:23:43
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Brock 
I liked the Art Brock presentation, too.  I particularly like the fact that
he makes capitalism, socialism and communism all equally obsolete--a point I
concur with strongly.  Where I don't personally accept his argument is in
the domain of "productivity."  There is no strong proof or even any
inkling that information itself leads to productivity.
Learning and learning machines certainly both do, but information must be
applied to achieve productivity--particularly the quantum leaps Art Brock
So long as the means of applying information are scarce (that is, mental
capacity is limited and libraries and research, etc. are not open) then
there can be little or movement toward the post-capital economies he
discusses.  Too often we assume this leap (because we have experienced the
major impact of Google/Wikipedia, etc.) when in fact it is the crux of the
The HOW of widescale learning and learning machines is the key enabling
factor.  Of course once we have these learning engines, people will need
access to them.  At present, systems like Google are at best very imperfect
in valuing data, etc, so we still ask filter humans such as physicians to
make sense of all the studies, etc.  This will increasingly decline as
machines become more trustworthy.  Here to there is the step that moves us
out of the boundary lands Art Brock depicts us in.  I'd label his top box
"learning" not information.  Information, strictly speaking, informs.  But
that is not the way we use the word.  We use it to mean something closer to

@_date: 2010-03-02 08:45:10
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Can GlaxoSmithKline take its medicine? - Management 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Can GlaxoSmithKline take its
medicine? - Management Today via PharmaGossip by insider on 3/1/10
Big Pharma is in big trouble. Superficially, the world's largest drug
companies seem in good shape - profitability remains buoyant, and they
have certainly ridden out the recession in fine style by comparison
with those engaged in more volatile industries. After all, people get
sick and need treatment, with scant regard for the phases of the
business cycle. But beneath this healthy-looking exterior, a malignancy
has been spreading through Big Pharma's body corporate. The business
model that helped create some of the highest-earning firms of modern
times - names such as Pfizer in the US, Bayer in Germany, and
GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) and AstraZeneca in the UK - is running out of
To add to the longstanding problems of patent expiry and
the 'genericisation' of existing drugs - and the increasingly uphill
task of finding new ones - structural changes in the business now loom
large, as demographic and economic growth trends shift eastwards away
from Europe and the US and towards the emerging markets.
As chief executive of world number two, GSK, it's Andrew Witty's job to
ensure that his corporate supertanker stays off the rocks. And, despite
the headaches of command, he seems to be enjoying it. This morning,
tanned and smiling, he has swapped dull Brentford (where GSK is based),
for the upscale surroundings of midtown New York, to announce GSK's
latest efforts in the high-profile, PR-friendly battle to beat malaria.
Alongside TB and HIV/Aids, malaria is one of the top three global
killers, taking some three million lives a year in the developing
world. Working jointly with Bill Gates' huge philanthropy fund, The
Gates Foundation, GSK has developed a vaccine with the potential to cut
that death toll dramatically. Between them, they've spent $500m on the
genetically engineered vaccine, still known only as RTS,S/AS02A. It's a
year or two from coming to market, but the outlook is good.
It could be a huge breakthrough, a 21st-century reprieve for the
industry's 'magic bullets' heyday. And when it hits the market, GSK
will sell it for the unprecedentedly slim margin of just 5% over cost.
That seems a perverse decision - not enough profit to satisfy
shareholders that there's money in it, but enough to attract criticism
from those activists whose reaction to any mention of grubby mammon is
to start waving a placard.
But Witty has his reasons for not simply giving it away. 'Whatever we
do, it has to be sustainable: we want to leave an incentive there for
other companies to follow. We don't need to make a profit, but they
What he doesn't say is that it will also give GSK experience of
operating in low-margin, high-volume markets - experience that, as we
will see, it has much need of.
A confident and compelling ex tempore perfomer - he hates Powerpoint
and encourages 'real conversations' instead - Witty is not about to let
this opportunity to do 'the vision thing' go to waste. 'People expect
us to be playing a role in the developing world,' he says. 'I want
people outside this company to be as proud of what we do as those
inside it are.'
There's no reason to doubt the sincerity of his pledge, but the future
of such good intentions depends on GSK's ability to keep generating
billion-dollar incomes from big-ticket drugs in the key US and European
markets. And there, say many observers, is the rub.
'Something is wrong in today's pharmaceutical industry,' says Jonathan
Anscombe, joint head of European pharmaceuticals and healthcare at
consultants AT Kearney. 'An unprecedented number of blockbuster
products are going off-patent, and despite record investment in R&D,
the pipeline of new drugs to replace them is decidedly thin. The
industry's current model may become irrelevant in the context of the
21st century's global healthcare needs.'
In the US alone, GSK has lost ?4.5bn of revenue over the past three
years from this 'patent cliff'. Big sellers such as migraine treatment
Imitrex, epilepsy drug Lamictal and anti-depressant Wellbutrin are now
suffering at the hands of cheap generic competitors.
Although GSK has a respectable 30-odd new drugs in its pipeline, across
the industry as a whole the law of diminishing returns is hard at work.
Big pharma accounts for some 20% of global R&D spend, but the
productivity of this huge investment is in free fall. Healthcare
systems themselves are also becoming much more price-sensitive - the
days of 80% profit margins on drugs freely prescribed by doctors who
didn't have to worry about the price are drawing to a close.
In the UK, Nice (the National Institute for Health and Clinical
Excellence) - postcode lottery controversies aside - has put value for
money right at the heart of prescribing strategy. Its message is
spreading: even the vast US healthcare bonanza - the country accounts
for a staggering 45% of total global healthcare budget, as much as 60%
of the total drugs spend - may not last for ever. Whatever the fate of
president Obama's stalled reform attempts, the underlying trend is
But the biggest challenges are the markets emerging in the east.
Historically, the industry has hardly covered itself in glory in the
developing world, being largely concerned with policing prices in
territories such as Africa in order to maintain margins in the west.
But the scale of the opportunity is now too great to ignore - by 2020
there will be an estimated 724 million middle-class people in China
(those earning more than $10,000 p.a.), and 124 million in India.
Educated professionals, they will have, as Anscombe puts
it, 'western-style healthcare needs and expectations'. The world's
new 'mass wealthy' will have money to pay for these expectations too,
but not at the kind of prices Big Pharma currently likes to charge. If
the industry doesn't cut its costs dramatically to cater to the pockets
of these new customers, it's in danger of becoming a
business-class-only airline in an increasingly low-budget world. And we
all know what happened to most of them ...
Witty needs to move fast to tackle these issues. Since taking over the
hot seat in May 2008, he has been busy driving through the most radical
shake-up that GSK's 99,000 employees have seen in a generation. He also
knows how to lead by example - in sharp contrast to his notoriously
well-paid predecessor JP Garnier, whose proposed ?22m pay packet got
him into hot water with shareholders in 2003, Witty's salary of about
?1.7m makes him the least well-rewarded of his Big Pharma colleagues.
Whatever the size of his cheque, he's working for it. Most of the
firm's senior management are now his picks, including the bosses of the
UK and US businesses, Simon Jose and Deirdre Connelly, respectively,
and human resource head Clare Thomas. They are a close-knit team, and
Witty is by all accounts an open, approachable and inspiring leader.
'Andrew's great strength is that he can connect with all types of
people at all levels of the business,' says Thomas, 'and do it without
compromising his own personality. It's a very unusual skill.'
He'll need it. A huge streamlining of the 'business platform' (HR,
finance, IT and so on) is in full flow and the core R&D capability is
being completely re-organised and re-prioritised. People are going to
be feeling the pressure as a whopping ?2.4bn of efficiency savings has
been promised by 2012 - that's ?500m more than Witty's 2009
announcement, itself an extension of a 'mere' ?1bn cost-reduction plan
dating back to October 2007. Given the scale of the cuts, substantial
job losses must be on the cards. So far this year, 380 UK redundancies
have been announced, all at the firm's neurosciences research centre in
Harlow, Essex. Globally, the figure is likely to run into thousands.
'There's no panacea,' Witty says, talking a few hours after giving his
presentation. 'It's a question of applying better approaches and
redesigning the organisation to make it happen. What you're seeing now
is an almost entirely new generation of CEOs who aren't wedded to the
past, and they are all pushing hard on strategy. Over the next five
years, we'll see the characteristics of the old model break up and the
emergence of something new.'
At 45, Witty himself is in the vanguard of that new generation, and his
progress up the greasy pole has been as rapid and consistent as you
would expect from a man who runs marathons for relaxation.
The only son of a Milk Marketing Board executive, Witty was born in
Yorkshire and raised in Cheshire, and retains some of the region's
flattened vowels and no-nonsense attitudes. With an economics degree
from Nottingham under his belt, he toyed with being a Eurocrat but
ended up as a management trainee at Glaxo Pharmaceuticals in 1985.
Whoever gave him that first break earned their pension - the subsequent
two and a half decades have taken him all over the world in the service
of GSK's shareholders. He has run businesses in Europe, Africa and
Asia, and worked on both the operational and marketing sides. He knows
the firm and its people inside out, and he has a politician's knack for
reading between the lines. 'One of the big things is that people don't
always tell you everything,' he says. 'It's not that they don't tell
you the truth; they just don't tell you. But I know people all over the
organisation - Africa, Korea, Asia, India - so I get to hear what's
really going on.'
No fan of the industry's traditional business model, with its
distracting mega-mergers and reliance on expensive, unreliable and
infrequent blockbuster drugs, he wants to wean GSK onto a less risky
but just as nourishing 'little and often' diet. 'If we can launch four
or five new drugs a year, then we're in business, even if none of them
is a blockbuster,' he says. Yes, margins on individual products will
have to come down, but so will the cost base. As long as the operation
as a whole is made more efficient, he doesn't think that overall
returns will suffer - too much.
But it is a huge task to push through, especially as GSK is still doing
well. Sales of its swine flu vaccine topped ?883m last year, and even
in the recession in 2008 profits still came in at ?7.8bn. For 2009,
revenues grew 16% to ?28.4bn and profits rose to a hefty ?8.7bn. Says
Andrew Baum, pharmaceutical analyst at Morgan Stanley: 'The impetus for
change at GSK is not so great, because the revenue pressure is less
Having witnessed the Asian economic miracle first-hand, Witty knows
that the emerging markets are key to future growth. He has championed
the move away from 'white-pill western markets', opening an R&D lab in
China and cutting the price of key drugs in countries where the 'list
price' makes them unaffordable.
He's also pledged to invest 20% of profits garnered from the Least
Developed Countries (LDCs) back into those local economies. The sum
amounts to only a couple of million quid, but it will grow - GSK's
sales in the emerging markets have risen from 20% of revenues two years
ago to 30% today.
Another shot in GSK's locker for cracking Asia is its impressive
marketing track record. The firm's consumer division - comprising
brands such as Lucozade, Ribena, Sensodyne and Panadol - is a star
performer, growing at a hefty 7% in 2009, outpacing all comers even as
the recession raged. 'We have some very accomplished FMCG marketers,'
says Witty, 'and they have done a great job. Our consumer business is
the fastest growing in the world - faster than Reckitts, Colgate,
Beyer, P&G. Even in the recession, we've won market share.'
The skills that help flog toothpaste and sports drinks in western
supermarkets today are likely to prove useful in selling medicines to
the emerging middle classes in the east tomorrow, he believes. In China
and India, pharma businesses will be engaged much more in a battle for
personal, high street-style sales, paid for out of household income,
than in the centrally purchased environment that pertains in western
'There's no doubt that pharma in the emerging markets has some
analogous characteristics to our consumer business,' says Witty. 'It's
more about cash out of people's pockets, and they care about brands.
There will still be regulation, of course, but many of the processes
and mindsets are similar.'
He's also worked hard to break down GSK's old-fashioned hierarchical
corporate culture in no-nonsense style. Out have gone separate offices
for senior managers on the upper floors of the firm's huge
glass-and-steel Brentford HQ. Officers are now where Witty thinks they
belong, sharing open-plan workspaces with their troops in the business
units. 'Strategy is all very well, but you've got to know what it feels
like on the line,' he says.
At the heart of his masterplan for the firm lies research and
development - the fount of innovation for any pharma business. GSK's
14,000-strong R&D function has already been reorganised and broken up
into smaller teams, each working to a more tightly defined brief and a
strict three-year funding cycle. There's plenty more change to come -
of the recently announced additional ?500m savings to be made by 2012,
?250m will come from R&D. GSK is not alone in facing pressure to
remodel its R&D processes, says Morgan Stanley's Baum. 'There will be
significant shrinkage of internal research across the industry.'
It's the job of Dr Patrick Vallance, GSK's SVP in charge of drug
discovery, to make this new strategy work. 'The R&D challenge is to
provide enough innovative medicines that fulfil unmet clinical needs,'
he says. 'I'm not sure we have been doing that historically. We got
over-automated and very inward-looking.'
The teams are composed of about 60 people, and have to make a business
case for every project they pursue. And if after 18 months or so there
isn't a clear new product pathway on the horizon, the funding is
switched to something more promising. 'We want to fund the drug
pipeline, not create internal infrastructure that doesn't add value,'
says Vallance.
At the same time, external research partnerships and JVs have been
expanding briskly - GSK owns stakes in 40 biotech firms across the
globe and plans to continue making small, bolt-on, strategic
It's a commercial approach that aims to reverse the alarming decline in
R&D productivity elsewhere in the industry. The return on research
investment is estimated by McKinsey to have fallen as low as 7% across
the board. 'We're supposed to discover medicines, not spend 20 years
pursuing interesting research in which you can't see the medicine,'
says Vallance. 'We have to ask where the tractable problems are, things
we can do something about. This industry grew great by innovating to
improve health; we need to get back to that.'
So far, it seems to be bearing fruit - GSK's drug discovery
productivity stands at an industry-leading 11%, and Witty's target is
14%. But achieving it calls for hard decisions on where to spend the
cash: the announcement in February that GSK would be pulling out of R&D
in the pain and depression areas to focus on the scientifically more
promising fields of dementia and Alzheimer's resulted in those 380 job
losses in Essex.
So GSK is to diversify at the sharp end to pursue more numerous,
smaller product areas. But the cost-base is also key. Surely
diversification equals complication and thus more cost? Well, yes and
no. Witty thinks it's possible to diversify and simplify at the same
It's a question of who does what. 'Everyone is busy, nobody in my
company sits on their hands. But are they all generating value? We
launched Sensodyne in China last year - that was a new venture, we'd
never done it before.' It added complexity, he says, but it also added
value - as did the acquisition of skincare specialist Stiefel Labs for
?2.3bn last year.
That's good complexity, argues Witty, but there is also a lot of bad
complexity that needs to be got rid of. 'Would I rather we generated
less paper arguing internally about policy decisions? Would I rather
not have 24 finance systems that don't talk to each other? Yes, I
would. We have to invest in growth, and at the same time aggressively
prune the organisation. These things are not contradictory, they are
That's fighting talk all right, but couple it to the challenges of
balancing the low-margin opportunities in the emerging markets with
GSK's existing high-margin traditional operations, and the scale of the
task facing Witty starts to take shape.
He's trying to create a business that is low-cost but can still engage
in cutting-edge innovation, that is diversified at the sharp end but
integrated behind the scenes - a kind of four-way hybrid of Ferrari and
Kia, Unilever and Procter & Gamble, if you will - and to do it all
quickly enough that he doesn't get stampeded in the rush.
That's a pretty big ask, but Witty reckons it's better than the
alternative. 'Yes, it is difficult, but we have to be brave. It's a
journey, it isn't going to happen in 12 months. This industry is
changing, it's like the scene in Jason and the Argonauts where they
have to sail through a narrow channel with the clashing rocks. A big
fleet arrives but only a handful of ships make it through to the other
Witty is determined that the good ship GSK will be the first vessel to
emerge from the crush, which brings us neatly back to where we started.
It's his view that a company with the financial, intellectual and
political will to take on centuries-old killers such as malaria can
achieve many other great things if it puts its collective mind to it.
'I'm not changing our stance to get headlines,' he says. 'I'm doing it
to get medicines to people in Africa who are dying from diseases that
haven't had any good treatments developed for 50 years. I want to
create a firm that lives by its values and makes decisions people are
proud of.'
If he can work out a way to make a bit of dosh in the developing world
at the same time, so much the better. Full speed ahead, captain - but
don't take your hand off the tiller.
GSK'S NEW RULES OF ENGAGEMENT IN THE DEVELOPING WORLD
John Le Carre knew what he was doing when he set his 2001 bestseller
The Constant Gardener in Kenya, against a backdrop of corruption,
cover-up and murder orchestrated by a dodgy drug firm. The plot may be
far-fetched, but so bad is the pharmaceutical industry's reputation in
the developing world that it has just the plausibility for which Le
Carre is renowned.
The non-fiction low point of recent years came in 2001. In a doomed
effort to protect prices in the west, 39 multinational drug firms (GSK
among them) began legal action against the South African government to
prevent it importing cheap drugs on the 'grey market'. It was a
spectacular own goal - an industry that has done more to improve the
human condition than most in the past 50 years ended up tarred as
heartless, profiteering and immoral.
GSK CEO Andrew Witty knows pharma has to work on its reputation, but
refuses to agonise over profitability. 'When we make money in the west,
we can afford to provide healthcare in the developing world that
otherwise would not happen. People don't always like it when we say
this, but we're just being honest. At a societal level, it's part of
our overall licence to operate.'
He's begun to put his money where his mouth is, pledging to re-invest
in least-developed countries 20% of the profits earned there, and
cutting the price of key drugs like Aids treatment Combivir by up to
75% in those markets to boot.
Perhaps inspired by similar developments in the IT industry, Witty has
decided to give 'co-opetition' a go - hence its groundbreaking Aids
joint venture with Pfizer. The two largest drug companies in the world
joined forces last November to create Viiv Healthcare, pooling their
knowledge to work together, instead of squabbling over who owns what.
He has also taken the radical step of going public with a big chunk of
IP on potential malaria treatments. All the data on the 13,500 most
promising molecules in GSK's 2 million-strong 'novel compounds'
database is to be opened up to allow anyone to check them out. 'It
might take us five years to do them all on our own,' he says. 'So let's
get together and maybe we can do it in a year.'
It may not exactly be thriller material, but in the real world, this is
as life-and-death as it gets.
via managementtoday.co.uk
Posted via web from Jack's posterous
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to PharmaGossip using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-03 09:43:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intelligent People Have "Unnatural" Preferences 
I see the offense, and I tend to concur on all the points listed.
I was personally interested in the teleology angle of the article.
Evolution and teleology always intrigue me since Stephen Jay Gould was so
effective at debunking any sort of teleology in natural systems.
Intelligence, by definition, would be not normal.  Any measure on a spectrum
that labels any portion of that spectrum implies a bias on that spectrum
from "standard."  It makes no sense to have a word like "tall" and then call
tall "normal."
What the article really says is that abnormal correlates with abnormal--if
one buys the embedded biases.  That is sort of interesting because it even
further debunks the neatness of any sort of teleological arguments about
evolution.  Causality is always a problem with multi-variate systems.  More
and more things are seemingly multivariate in causality (e.g. diseases).  Of
course complexity theory people have been saying this for some time.

@_date: 2010-03-05 08:59:44
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Intelligent People Have "Unnatural" Preferences 
There have always been non standard views of these things and there always
will be.  Standard views will likely continue to emphasize some property
contractual marriage and emphasize a stable household concept for raising
children.  Including LGBT communities in those stable models is increasingly
standard in educated/progressive portions of the US and Europe as it of
course should be.
The real issue is population growth.  Besides or with climate change, the
great issue of the 21st century is population.  We don't yet know what is
too much and what is too little.  My guess is that populations fall sharply,
so many on this list in their 20s will, I doubt, ever procreate.
The average person in Europe or N. America between 12-25 I'd guess will NOT
have a child.  That will come first in Japan, Nordic nations, California,
the Pacific Northwest in Canada and the U.S. and similar
progressive/technologically oriented places.  Places with a lot
of spirituality and especially religion will lag.  Those that are
fundamental and low tech (agrarian) will continue to explode with population
and die-offs.
Sexuality follows these trends.  It doesn't create them.  So, I think you
will see declining sexuality in the progressive places, and increasing
sexuality in repressed places.  There won't be one trend.  Androgyny will
increase in progressive places as it already has...men and women will
look more alike and, in many ways, be more alike in styles, preferences,
looks, etc.  Trans-gender desires and ambitions will increase.  There are
now more women body builders in my gym than male ones (an admittedly silly
personal data point--but it comes to mind).  That sort of thing will
continue.  As the original article suggested, women will become more
sexually aggressive (as has been well documented in progressive societies).
Men will become less so (also no surprise to sociologists.)  Individual
preferences will cover huge possible spectra in places that are
progressive.  Androgyny is already highly valued in Japanese urban scenes.
You see it more and more in places like France and California.  Make-up
sales, etc. have been down for years...reds have become tans and
creams...again, well documented business trends.  Dance clubs look very
androgynous.  Technology will factor.  People want sex to be safe, quiet,
legal and practical.  Technology can meet some of those needs for people who
are willing to forego deep emotional connections--more and more people are.
Again, the sociologists have published at length the tendancy of modern
young people to be more comfortable with being alone.
So, if I had to create a future of sexuality, I'd anticipate androgyny, sex
with robots and dramatic increases in personal/casual outlets.  I'd also
anticipate dramatic increases and acceptance rates of LGBT lifestyles.  I
think birth rates will fall markedly and that tending to the aged will be a
major issue in progressive/technological countries.
How any  of that relates to economic systems, I don't know.  I suspect we
will have more women leaders in all fields, more educated women than men,
and perhaps a continued male dominance for a longer time of technical fields
given biases and possibly some innate capacities.  I personally doubt the
capacity part, but I hear it from respected scientists, and while I find it
morally repugnant, if it is a simple fact that men are more tech savvy on
average than women, then so be it.  I'm not sure it should lead to policies
or actions.  There are already far more women than men in college
and various gradate schools1 in most developed societies.  The average
person taking a PhD in the US who is not foreign born is a woman.

@_date: 2010-03-08 01:52:56
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] NSFW: Hey, 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: NSFW: Hey, America! Our
draconian copyright law could kick your draconian copyright law?s ass
via TechCrunch by Paul Carr on 3/7/10
I?ve always had mixed feelings about the DMCA.
On the one hand, as an author, I like that it gives me a way to stop
illegal copies of my work being distributed in the US, so ensuring that
I can continue to make a living without having to get a proper job. On
the other hand, as an occasional journalist, I hate that it can also be
used by trigger-happy lawyers to prevent certain embarrassing documents
entering the public domain.
Thus conflicted, it was with some trepidation that I received news from
the old country that Gordon Brown?s government is getting ready to
enact its very own version of the DMCA. Called the Digital Economy Bill
(DEB), the new statute aims ? amongst other things ? to halt the rising
tide of intellectual property theft on the Internet. But unlike the
DMCA, its reach won?t be limited to national borders: any site anywhere
in the world that?s accessible from the UK needs to obey the law or
else it?s liable to find itself blocked from the entire country. I?m
not kidding, this is China-level enforcement.
The bill originated in the House of Lords (our second law-making
chamber) where it?s being tweaked and plucked, with various clauses
added and removed ? before being sent to the Commons (our first
chamber) for debate and a final vote. Here in a nut are the key clauses
as it currently stands:
Firstly, if the law passes, ISPs will be obliged to keep track of all
allegations of illegal file-sharing made by copyright owners. There
complaints will be used to produce an list of ?persistent offenders?
(subscribers who had received more than, say, 50 complaints about them)
which will be made available on request to the copyright owners. The
list will be anonymised, with subscribers identified only by a
reference number, but copyright owners can then apply to the British
courts to subpoena the names and addresses of the subscribers involved.
Copyright owners can then take legal action directly, claiming
substantial damages for each violation. The government is also able to
take action: demanding that ISPs cut off internet access from
households identified as persistent offenders.
A second ? and even more controversial ? clause was bolted on by
members of the House of Lords in response to the claim that over 35% of
copyright breaches occur not through P2P sharing, but rather through
media hosts like YouTube and file locker services like Rapidshare. The
new amendment will give the courts the power to demand that British
ISPs block access to any site that knowingly and unlawfully hosts
copyright material. That?s not just sites hosted in the UK but any site
anywhere in the world. As with the DMCA, the ISP won?t be liable until
they are notified of the illegal content (the ?safe harbor? defence)
providing they then take immediate steps to block the sites hosting
them. If, however, the ISPs refuse to act, they will be liable to the
full legal costs of the copyright owner. But unlike the DMCA, the
amended bill contains absolutely no penalties for copyright owners who
file bogus or spurious claims. The effects are about as chilling as can
be: it is in the copyright owners? interests to make as many claims as
they like, and in the ISP?s interests to immediately block every site
they?re notified of in order to avoid potentially huge legal costs.
Opponents of the bill point out that most cases will never come to
court as ISPs will roll over immediately, as they frequently do under
DMCA in the US. But the opponents don?t stop there. Hell, they don?t
really stop anywhere. Between the amended blocking clause which could,
in theory, see sites like YouTube blocked from the UK ? and the
potential for having one?s entire house disconnected from the web, the
DEB has come in from a veritable gale of criticism, much of it vented
right here in the blogosphere. Who?d have thunk it?
TechCrunch?s own Devin Coldewey notes that the ?persistent offenders?
list won?t just affect domestic file-sharers. Internet cafes, hotels
and anywhere else that offers public wi-fi access could find themselves
taken offline if their customers are found to be swapping copyright
files. If anything, these public access points are even more at risk as
it doesn?t take many teenagers using your cafe to rack up 50 copyright
violations: this despite there being no way for the establishments to
police what their customers are doing online. As Boing Boing?s Cory
Doctorow put it, almost entirely without hyperbole, ?UK Digital Economy
Bill will wipe out indie WiFi hotspots in libraries, unis, cafes?
In fact Doctorow is one of the bill?s harshest critics, writing
numerous posts about its dangers. Not only is he vehemently opposed to
the persistent offenders clause but he also rails against the
site-blocking amendment, arguing that it will essentially ban file
lockers from the UK, even when much of the content hosted on them is
perfectly lawful. In response to Doctorow and his ilk, thousands of UK
web users have signed petitions opposing the bill. Even members of
parliament have come out to publicly attack the proposed measures ? as
Tom Watson MP told me on Twitter: ?Enshrining net filtering at ISP
level scares me half to death?. Law has to have a starting point. This
isn?t it. Copyright reform for the internet age should be Step One. Rip
it up. Start again.?
A clusterfuck, then. A total shit show, even more draconian than the
DMCA and even more packed to the gills with chilling effects. There?s
an election coming up in the UK and the government is apparently
anxious that the law be pushed through before then, but to do so would
be a travesty ? instead the bill should be scrapped and revisited in
the next parliament.
Or at least that was my first thought. Then I actually read the bill.
And, you know what, it?s actually not that bad.
For a start, the first point of contention ? the compilation of a
persistent offenders list, and the potential banning of them from
accessing the Internet ? isn?t quite as unfair as it sounds. Despite
Doctorow?s claim that ?your entire family [can] be cut off from the net
if anyone who lives in your house is accused of copyright infringement,
without proof or evidence or trial?, there are actually multiple points
at which evidence comes into play, and the accused file-swapper is
given a chance to defend themselves. The bill requires the creation of
an independent tribunal body to hear claims of unfairness arising from
the new laws, and alleged infringers have not one but two rights of
appeal to the tribunal. With each alleged breach, the new law demands
that the ISP send a letter to the subscriber putting the allegations
and the evidence to them.
Only once a significant number of breaches have been alledged (the
drafters of the bill suggest 50) will the subscriber be added to the
persistent offenders list. Again, they will be notified. Only at this
point can the copyright owner appeal to the court ? using a law that
has been around for 36 years ? to get the name and address of the
offender. Even then, though, they won?t be taken to court. Instead, the
copyright owner has to send the subscriber yet another letter (this
will be their 52nd) warning them that legal action is imminent if they
don?t stop. It?s only then that legal action will be taken, leading to
a possible fine and ? only at the extreme end of the scale ? their
Internet access being disconnected.
The second point of contention ? the blocking of file-sharing sites ?
is still pretty bad, but again it?s not quite what some commentators
[*cough* Cory *cough*] suggest with headlines like ?Lords seek to ban
web-lockers (YouSendIt, etc) in the UK?. Yes, the courts will have the
power to require ISPs to block sites that egregiously host copyrighted
files. But they can only do so if the site involved has refused to
remove the copyrighted files ? a last resort against foreign file
lockers who ignore British court injunctions. More importantly it?s
also a power that the British courts have had since the 2002 E-Commerce
Directive Regulations (with ISP?s being similarly liable for inaction):
the new legislation simply creates a DMCA-style process for making
take-down requests easier to issue.
After several hours of reading ? not just the proposed new law but also
all of the existing copyright law, plus the current World Intellectual
Property Organisation Treaty (the UK is a signatory) and also hundreds
of pages of discussion around all of the above ? a few things became
For one thing, many of those opposing the bill don?t seem to be opposed
to the bill itself so much as they?re opposed to the entire notion of
copyright law, particularly when it?s used by ?greedy record companies?
or ?rich recording artists?. As one commenter put it on the Guardian:
?If you want to be solely a ?recording artist? and find you?ve been
caught short ? tough. No one owes you a living. You?ve been rendered
obsolete by technology (not me) and you either adapt or fade away like
so many other industries.? The only copyright law that people like that
will accept is one that lets them steal whatever they like.
Far be it from me to suggest that Cory Doctorow has an anti-copyright
agenda, but there?s no doubt he?s the world?s leading proponent of the
?give everything away free and reap the tangential rewards? model of
intellectual property protection. Creative Commons might work perfectly
for a man who makes his living writing and speaking about how he gives
things away free, but it?s not always the answer for musicians, authors
and filmmakers who don?t have that particular sideline. And I say that
as an author who just gave his last book away under a Creative Commons
license and who isn?t going to go broke any time soon.
Whatever Doctorow?s biases, headlines like ?UK Digital Economy Bill
will wipe out indie WiFi hotspots in libraries, unis, cafes? or ?Leaked
UK government plan to create ?Pirate Finder General? with power to
appoint militias, create laws? do nothing to encourage rational debate.
In fact, they?re curiously reminiscent of ?Obamacare will kill grandma?
claims from Republicans in the US. Why debate facts when you can drive
people to your way of thinking through scary headlines?
And yet, shrill objections aside, it?s equally clear that the Digital
Economy Bill has its fair share of potential problems. There?s not a
huge amount of new law in the bill, but there are a whole bunch of new
processes ? new takedown notices, persistent offender lists etc ? all
of which will need to work properly from day one. In the British
government?s haste to rush it through before the upcoming election,
there?s a huge risk of passing a bad statute which will prove
impossible to enforce.
Most clear of all though is that, beyond a general call to ?scrap the
bill and start again? (again: paging the Republicans), none of the
opponents of the bill are suggesting a credible alternative. For all of
our fears of ?chilling effects? the fact is that the Internet is
shitting all over the intellectual property rights of the UK creative
industries (industries which account for 7.9% of the nation?s GDP).
Existing law offers almost all of the protections required by copyright
owners, but it?s too slow and costly to enforce in the face of
widespread online infringement. A shake-up of the enforcement process
is much needed ? not just to protect fat cat record companies, but also
to ensure the livelihoods of thousands of musicians, authors,
filmmakers, photographers, artists and the rest who contribute to our
cultural landscape. To those people, the effects of an online copyright
free-for-all are just as chilling. If the DEB isn?t the right bill ,
then it is beholden on those attacking it to suggest an alternative.
Here?s mine:
1) My parents run a business that offers free wi-fi to their customers.
I know it?s impossible for them to act as copyright police and so,
alarmed by the proposed bill, they?ll likely choose to close down their
wi-fi hotspots. To avoid that, the law needs to distinguish between
domestic and business internet users when it comes to the persistent
infringers clause. For domestic users, the 50-strikes and you?re out
clause ? and the disconnection threat ? should stand: it?s a powerful
deterrent, and there are plenty of points at which householders can
appeal. For businesses and public wi-fi providers, the disconnection
threat should be dropped entirely ? it?s clearly a disproportionate
punishment ? but the fine should remain. In both cases, though, the
burden should rest on the copyright owner to prove complicity in the
infringement. Domestically, this is as simple as proving multiple
breaches from the same IP address ? there is a duty on the homeowner to
lock down their wi-fi and to know what is happening under their roof,
especially after receiving multiple notifications. For businesses,
though, the copyright owner should face the (almost impossible) task of
showing that the business owner is knowingly permitting copyright
breaches on their premises. They?ll basically have to send private
detectives round and catch the owner in the act ? something only worth
doing in extreme cases.
2) The current site-blocking amendment should be dropped entirely.
Instead it should be replaced with a virtual carbon copy (quelle irony)
of the DMCA?s takedown procedures, but with even more severe
punishments for copyright owners who file spurious claims. If an
alleged infringer files a counter-notice but the copyright owner
decides not to then pursue legal action, the former should be
immediately entitled to claim damages against the latter, set at a
fixed amount (say ?250 ? a little under $400) for every day each
affected file was offline. In the case of entire sites being blocked,
these damages could be enormous. The result: copyright owners will have
a costly disincentive against filing spurious claims.
3) Finally, and most importantly, the bill should be abandoned until
the next parliament. Rushing through legislation is almost never a good
idea ? and it?s not like it?s going to be a vote winner, either for
this government or the next one. With the full lobbying force of the
creative industries behind a new law, there?s virtually no chance that
it won?t be passed in the next twelve months so MPs should take the
next few months to revise it, to consult with experts, to explain it to
critics and generally to ensure that everything that can be done to
make it fair has been done.
The UK?s creative industries generate ?112.5 billion in revenue for the
British economy. The Digital Economy Bill should be passed, and it
should be passed soon. But more than all of that, it should be passed
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to TechCrunch using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-10 02:32:04
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ethan Kurzweil has a presentation posted on his blog 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Ethan Kurzweil has a
presentation posted on his blog from 8... via The Gong Show on 3/9/10
Ethan Kurzweil has a presentation posted on his blog from 8 months ago
that I just saw for the first time today. This is my favorite slide in
it. I would love to see the fit curve on this slide proved out with
empirical hosting/development costs data from startups over time.
Considering how long Bessemer has been in the business, I?m sure they
could do this if interested.
This graph feels intuitively right to me? but what does it mean when it
costs pennies to build and host a high-scale web service? As costs
approach zero, I?ll bet there will be an explosion in the number of
vertical-specific services that serve small niche audiences. By
explosion, I mean increasing by orders of magnitude. I can already feel
the reverberations of that explosion today echoing backwards in time as
the number of web services launching everyday is accelerating.
Very few of these services will be businesses, but that doesn?t matter
because they?ll cost nothing. That?s the point? businesses are hard to
create, web services will be trivially easy and cost zero.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Gong Show using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-10 08:24:30
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] absense of structural reactions to meltdown, 
Not that I am any expert, but I would say we are already in the 2nd dip
based on my local data.  Absent intensive Keynesian stimulus by the US,
Europe and China, I don't see how we avoid significant contraction globally
by late summer...probably 2-5% globally.  The closer it is to 5%...the
greater the risk of major political instability in marginal states (e.g.
Greece, Iran, Venezueala, Philippines, etc.)  I think it will be much closer
to 2%--much depending on China and India consumption patterns.  That will
still be stunningly painful.
Shipping rates are down.  Currency flows are down.  Housing is slipping
There is also some evidence consumption in China is slowing...savings rates
are up.  If that happens, if China starts to become "Japan-like," there
isn't enough government spending feasible that could return the world to a
place that avoids significant contraction.  If global contraction reaches a
multi-year double digit level, we will see major world system changes.
People will be looking for short/easy fixes of which there are none.
Consequently, they will make major errors...rapid nationalizations, huge
social wealth transfers, etc.  That will accelerate the problem in those
states and will disrupt productivity even more.  The outcome will be that
the wealthy relocate and the poor become much poorer in the medium term
after a short bump.
The states doing the right things will look like the following: Tight
austerity plans.  Smaller government.  Less social welfare.  More
infrastructure spending with enough social spending to keep people alive and
basically out of despair.  Big emphases on enhanced productivity and reduced
costs without outsourcing.
Education will get cut.  It is a too long term solution and radical change
is even more on the horizon than ever before.  Healthcare will get cut.  In
short, people will be allowed to die.  Green industries will get investment,
but it won't be enough to radically drive jobs.  The rich will hunker down
and stop spending.  When global tourism radically slows again, you'll know
we are in the peak of the problem.
I personally doubt that can be avoided now.

@_date: 2010-03-10 10:05:02
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] absense of structural reactions to meltdown, 
Hi MIchel,
This is a complex topic.  First, I would say, I am no classic conservative.
My fiscal conservatism relates to my knowledge of how economies evolve and
how governments work.
I believe in social welfare programmes and especially safety nets.  I
believe in social security programs.  I think all governments should strive
to provide them.
I am, as you know, a Keynesian.  I believe government spending should be
counter-cyclical to the business cycle to mollify adverse shocks from
the business cycle.  I also believe, following Robert Solow, that economic
cycles can be influenced by timed investment--and should be so influenced.
That said, Keynesianism speaks little to sovereign credit.  Governments now
are at the end of their legitimate ropes.  If they exceed that credit too
much, there are currency implications that Keynes did not have to cope
with.  Further, there is general loss of confidence in the state's ability
to provide meaningful funds for its legitimate purposes.  There is always
rhetoric that current money is imaginary, etc., which is to my mind highly
destructive.  Money is the basis of our social reality.  Understanding it is
the chief social science and will be for centuries more.  Nations that
manage money poorly impoverish and endanger their citizens--the worst
outcome of government.
The one thing that almost surely did not cause the current crisis is
government policy.  What may not have lessened is government intervention
done well.
We are now in a stark period.  Truly, even the doomsayers have no real idea
how stark it is because most doomsayers live in the happy world others have
constructed for them with policing, stable markets, good regulations and
minimal corruptions.
There is no solution to our crisis on the horizon and there are new
constraints we've never faced before (climate change and the end of labor).
It feels like an end game.  One assumes there is a "beyond" as we all do,
but I'll be damned if I can see it.  It certainly looks like an unhappy
existance for most going forward unless the rules change somehow through
Whatever life choices a person makes, whatever political and economic views
they hold, only a sociopath hopes for less propserous and less happy times.
There are many sociopaths, sadly.  Properity has always been about choices.
It still is.  It is the choice to avoid certain pains, and to relish certain
luxuries--travel, learning, mobility, security, etc.
Of course no one wants the planet to become uninahabitable or devoid of
beauty, but it is an easy choice for most of us regarding enhanced human
circumstances and a natural world. I'll take the enhanced human
circumstances every time and I consider myself to be a deep oriented
That is preface to saying states have three main purposes:
To enable safety and propertity (Life)
To enable the protection of freedoms (Liberty)
To allow people to seek their best lives (Pursuit of Happiness)
Here is what states cannot do in my opinion:
1. Guarantee happiness
2. Guarantee a standard of living
3. Change belief systems fundamentally
Right now states are at the brink of their credit.  If they lose that
credit, they will impoverish their peoples.  So they fail at all three of
their purposes.  Most that will so fail will do it trying to achieve one of
the three things that states cannot achieve (especially in the medium to
long term).
As such, I think states must act now like people who have spent too much.
They must conserve, save, and attempt to recoup wealth.  As a Keynesian, I
believe they must also attempt countercyclical investment to mollify
shocks.  This is extremely hard.  States don't do well with moderate
changes.  They either stay the same or change radically.  Both of those
paths are really bad right now.
I'm not optimistic.  Some will do it...New Zealand is looking like it is
responding in most of the right ways.  Sweden is doing OK.  Canada is
starting to do the right things.  The trick will be balanced, stable social
expansion--a managed capitalism.  That's really hard and requires superb
technocrats and an honest and nationalistic business community.  Few places
have both of those.  To get them, there has to be a new contract
between business leaders and government to be mutually supportive, to be
socially engaged, to avoid creating external costs and other problematic
externalities, and to not hold each other hostage in some sort of game.
Most won't achieve that.  It is very hard.  States don't like business and
vice versa.  That rhetoric is really destructive.  What we need now is the
cooperative environments of China, Sweden, Denmark, New Zealand...and the
old California or Massachusetts...or the even older UK.  It is hard to
maintain.  Greed kills it on the one side, and free riding on the other.

@_date: 2010-03-11 18:40:38
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Jobless Millennials 
It's right on target in my view.  Couldn't agree more....
On Thu, Mar 11, 2010 at 5:46 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2010-03-12 08:08:14
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Daniel Araya questions institutionalization 
There is always a delicate balance between vanguard actions and populism
that is almost impossible to master.  My guess is that an organization gets
one move to populism...and then it is stuck there.  Legitimacy is the issue
of populism.  Ideas are the issue of vanguards.
P2P is still experimental...really there is no "there" there yet.  The
actual models of long-term stable survival and renewal are all in test or
starting or yet to be discovered.  A few, like co-ops, are going strong, but
those are largely legal/stable and uninteresting to ideas types.
I think it is difficult to run a campaign of advocacy without relatively
simple and clear objectives.  Those are hard for P2P.  More sharing?  So
what.  Sounds like a kindergarten support agenda.  Right now P2P is neither
angry, organized or searching in any systematic way.
The Purple Movement in Italian politics is P2P.  But we don't understand why
or know how to connect or have theories of when it transfers to something
There needs to be the equivalent for P2P that Max Weber created for
bureaucracy...an idea of what it is and what it tries to go about doing.

@_date: 2010-03-12 13:28:42
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Planet Money Tracks a Toxic Asset 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Planet Money Tracks a Toxic
Asset via GOOD by Andrew Price on 3/12/10
The excellent Planet Money team is continuing its coverage of our
economic troubles by tracking the performance of a real, tanking toxic
asset: We bought one of those things that no one wanted, one of those
things that almost brought down the global economy: our very own toxic
asset. This one has more than 2,000 mortgages in it. We paid $1,000,
with our own money, for our piece. It used to be worth more like
$75,000. They've set up an interactive infographic where you can see
exactly what's in their troubled mortgage puree, and watch its value
change as people default or pay off their loans.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to GOOD using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-14 09:33:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Thorny Triangle: Cyber Confict, Business, 
Hi Athina,
Thanks for posting.
Power in a P2P world is an interesting topic.  The sort of Perry
Anderson/Benedict Anderson Marxism (or Marxism as the term was used in my
graduate study...and everyone seems to be in denial about the term these
days) is the branch I am most familiar with...and the that sort of power
study I think used to be interesting in a different technological time.
Both Andersons are amongst the finest writers in modern social science in
English.  Their influence is much deserved.  If either or both had lived in
Continental Europe, I dare say, the history of modern leftist theory would
have had two very different touch points than the usual suspects (Althusser,
Foucault, Derrida, Zizek, etc.)-- none of whom are even as remotely
interesting as either of the Anderson's in my opinion.  Britain is often
ignored on the Continent even as much as the U.S. is.
My own view is that that the Anderson brothers' work (and it is of course
very different) is dated and hegemony of the sort they saw in IR is really a
thing of the mechanical era in which the Anderson brothers mostly lived.  We
are now in a post mechanical era and I don't think they've kept up.  So, I'm
not sure their theories hold much water any more.  Imagined Communities,
however, is one of ten or so books I still regularly try to get politicians
and leaders in "the real world" to read from academia.  I have great esteem
for its insights...though I see those insights now as primarily historical,
as I mentioned.  I doubt BA would argue, frankly.
To your points:
1. What is purpose of power in the P2P enabled world?  I doubt there is
one.  There is no hope of intellectual hegemony.  That jinn is out of the
bottle.   Companies are now multi-national.  The iPod is as much an Asian
creature as it is a U.S. one.  China and India are both making major parts
of it including intellectual property driven parts.  Where is the
"nationhood" of it?
2. I don't think Asia is using any model of corporations or organizations
different than the US (or Northern Europe).  Southern Europe is still
developing by and large.  The power rests with corporations that move on
airliners or, increasingly, the airwaves.  They have offices in Singapore,
Tokyo, NY, San Francisco and London.  Their executives talk by the
Internet.  Some have cultural leanings, but the world is increasingly
mid-Atlantic and mid-Pacific in tone...the nation state is an annoyance.
3. As such, I would argue you conflate the world of the user (the subject of
control and power) with that of the controller...the multi-national
corporation.  And you confuse the power wielder of the state with the actual
power wielder which is that set of firms.  Like others here on this list,
you seem to believe the state and the corporation are co-conspirators.  I
can assure you that nothing is further from the truth (I've been on both
groups and will continue to pass back and forth as few others do...)  I'm
quite sure of what I speak.  If anything, the state has been captured by
corporations (in the China, the US and the UK, especially).  It must be so.
States are not equipped with the talent or the management skill to compete
with more nimble and more intellectual corporations. Universities debate
theories that are a generation old.  It literally leads to laughter in top
business circles.  Universities are used to identify talent...which is then
poached to business.  Our best minds are nearly totally in technology firms
and their supporting infrastructure of hedge funds, law firms, small fab
houses, etc.  That's where the bulk of the great brains are these days
especially outside of Europe.  The university/state/medical complex gets an
overwhelmingly second tier of thinkers--but that's where the best minds went
in the Anderson brothers' days.  Russia is the modern paragon of this
transformation where many great minds are now in London hedge funds or
Chinese manufacturing plants while the goons and idiots play Kremlin games.
China is similar from what I hear.  No serious Chinese thinker goes into
government any more.  That has been true in the US for a generation or
more.  The Obama's are few and far between...and Michelle Obama is a
corporate lawyer of the first order!
4. I think there are serious language issues associated with hegemony.
While people are learning about Mandarin, it will never dominate.  It is not
easy, it is not business-like and it is not a good language for supporting
technology (it is difficult to innovate with it).  This language issue (you
write in English) is key and Michel's list is in English, etc.   India has a
big long-term advantage on that front.  China is hiring every English
teacher they can...they get it.  The core Internet is in (American)
English.  That won't change.
5. China isn't a state in the old empire sense.  I think it is more a
culture.  The state apparatus there is in decline.  It will continue to be
in decline.  The American state has been in decline since at least 1953.
The real news of IR is that states don't matter...business cultures do.  The
US didn't try to win militarily in the Middle East...it tried to transform
the culture to a Western one.  In that, it has changed that part of the
world more in ten years than Britain did in 150 years.  Russia had no
cultural impact.  From what I hear, Afghan intellectuals are now reading US
mags and watching US news stations.  That's a meme that only Iran has
matched in the Middle East.  The US hegemony is (and always has been)
cultural.  10,000 troops in Japan are irrelevant.  What matters is Apple
computer and the NY Times.
I really like your emphasis on futures and wish more academic styled writing
(footnotes, etc.) would focus on speculation.  Thinkers have a
responsibility to speculate IMO.  Overall, I'm grateful for your sharing
your ideas.  I'm a bit autistic in my comments...I should be less
confrontational; Michel has yet to teach me his diplomacy.  I personally
prefer when people give it to me straight as they see it, and I try to do
the same.

@_date: 2010-03-14 23:49:04
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A Simple Question 
Why the labor crisis matters.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: A Simple Question via Financial
Armageddon by Michael Panzner on 3/14/10
Question: If things keep getting better in consumerland, why aren't
retailers looking to hire more staff?
Answer: Maybe they believe it's 2007 all over again?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Financial Armageddon using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-20 03:04:41
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A Bit More Garage Biotech 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: A Bit More Garage Biotech via
In the Pipeline on 3/19/10
Here's the sort of thing we'll be seeing more and more of - on the
whole, I think it's a good development, but it's certainly possible
that one's mileage could vary:
Ginkgo?s BioBrick Assembly Kit includes the reagents for constructing
BioBrick parts, which are nucleic acid sequences that encode a specific
biological function and adhere to the BioBrick assembly standard. The
kit, which includes the instructions for putting those parts together,
sells for $235 through the New England BioLabs, an Ipswich, MA-based
supplier of reagents for the life sciences industry.
Shetty didn?t release any specific sales figures for the kit, but said
its users include students, researchers, and industrial companies. The
kit was also intended to be used in the International Genetically
Engineered Machine competition (iGEM), in Cambridge, MA. The
undergraduate contest, co-launched by Knight, challenges students teams
to use the biological parts to build systems and operate them in living
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to In the Pipeline using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-21 17:25:40
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A free software model for open knowledge 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: A free software model for open
knowledge via Open Knowledge Foundation Blog by jwalsh on 3/16/10
Notes describing the talk on the work of the Open Knowledge Foundation
given last week at Jornadas SIG Libre.
I was happily surprised to be asked to give this open knowledge talk at
an open source software conference. But it makes sense - the free
software movement has created the conditions in which an open data
movement is possible. There is lots to learn from open source process,
in both a technical and organisational sense.
In English we have one word ?free? where Spanish like most languages
has two, gratis and libre, signifying separately ?free of cost? and
?freedom to?. The Open Source Institute coined Open Source as a
branding or marketing exercise to avoid the primary meaning ?free of
cost?. So whenever I say ?open? I want you to hear the word ?libre?
[Later i was told that libre can have meaning in at least 15 different
The best way to talk about the work of the Open Knowledge Foundation is
to look at its projects, which form an open knowledge stack similar to
the OSGeo software stack.
Open Definition
The Open Knowledge Definition is based on the OSI Open Source Software
Definition (which OSGeo uses as a reference for acceptable software
licenses). No restrictions on field of endeavour - non-commercial-use
licenses are not open as in the OKD. An open data license will pass the
cake test.
Open Data Commons
Open Data Commons is run by Jordan Hatcher, who started work on the
Open Database License with support from Talis, later extensive
negotiation with the OpenStreetmap community. ODbL is a ShareAlike
license for data, that obviates the problems of inapplicability of
copyright to facts, and greediness of the ShareAlike clause when it
comes to use of maps in PDFs, etc.
PDDL is a license that implements the Science Commons protocol for open
access data, explicitly placing it in the public domain.
The Panton Principles are four precepts for publishers of scientific
research data who wish that data to be freely reusable. Being openly
able to inspect, critique and re-analyse data is critical to the
effectiveness of scientific research.
Open Data Grid
The Open Data Grid is a project in early incubation; based on the Tahoe
distributed filesystem. It?s in need of development effort on Tahoe to
really get going. Provide secure storage for open datasets around the
edges of infrastructure that people are already running.
People are handwaving about the Cloud, but storage and backup are not
problems that it is really meant to solve. People make different claims
about the Cloud - cheaper, greener, more efficient, more flexible. Can
we get these things in other ways?
There is a saying, ?never underestimate the bandwidth of a truck full
of DAT tapes?
Comprehensive Knowledge Archive Network (CKAN)
CKAN is inspired by free software package repositories, perl?s CPAN,
R?s CRAN, python?s PyPi. It provides a wiki-like interface to create
minimal metadata for packages with a versioned domain model and HTTP
CKAN supports groups, which can curate a package namespace - e.g.
climate data - and assess priorities for turning into fully installable
CKAN?s open source code is being used in the data package catalogue for
the data.gov.uk project, part of the Making Public Data Public effort
in the UK.
The Debian of Data - datapkg takes Debian?s apt tool as inspiration for
fully automatable install of data packages, with dependencies between
them. This is currently in usable alpha stage with a python
Where Does My Money Go?
The next challenge really is to bring the concerns and the solutions to
a mainstream public. Agust?n Lobo spoke of ?a personal consciousness
but not an institutional consciousness? when it comes to open source
and open data. Media coverage, exemplary government implementations,
help to create this kind of consciousness.
Pressure for increased open access is coming from academia - for the
research data underlying papers, for the right to data mine and
correlate different sources, for library data open for re-use. Pressure
is also coming from within museums, libraries and archives - memory
institutions who want to increase exposure to their collections with
new technology, and recognise that open data, linked to a network of
resources, will work for sustainability and not against it.
The next generation of researchers, who are kids in school now, will
grow up with an expectation that code and data are naturally open. It
will be interesting to see what they make!
Meanwhile OpenStreetmap is feeding several startups, and more
commercial presence in open data space will be of benefit. Illustrative
that one does not have to be proprietary to be commercial.
Now higher-profile government projects opening data are helping to
mainstream. To what extent is open a fashionable position, to what
extent is open reflected throughout the way of working?
Open process; early release, public sharing of bugs, public discussion
of plans - everything in Nat Torkington?s post on Truly Open Data. The
opportunity to fail in public, to learn from others? problems, and
self-interestedly collaborate.
I had a great time at SIG Libre 10. Oscar Fonts? talk on OpenSearch
Geospatial interfaces to popular services has me itching to add an
OpenSearch +Geo interface to CKAN, as well as to work on getting the
apparent version skew in the Geo extensions resolved amicably.
Gen?s Roca spoke thought-provokingly on Retorno y rentabilidad (there
isn?t really an equivalent English word - ?rentability? - less
exploitative or focused than profitability). Rentability, especially
for online services, can come in ways that sustain an organisation
predictably, and don?t involve fishing in the pockets of ultimate
Ivan Sanchez showed areas of OpenStreetmap Spain with stunning level of
detail, trees and fences, MasterMap-quality coverage. I?m inspired to
pick up JOSM and Markaartor to add building-level detail from out of
copyright 1:500 Edinburgh town plans at the National Library of
Scotland?s map services.
Agustin Lobo talked about the distributed work and cross-institutional
support and benefit of the R project, and the impact of open source on
open access to data in science. He mentioned a Nature open peer review
experiment that was discarded - am thinking it wasn?t curated enough.
The talk helped me to connect the OKF?s work to the rest of the
The shiny slides prezi.com which many people asked for details of -
this should show embedded in the page I hope. I stupidly forgot to put
URLs on the slides which is partly why i have written this blog.
A Free Software Model for Open Knowledge on Prezi
Share This
Related posts:
- Keeping ?Open? Libre
- Open Software Service Definition Launched
- Free Knowledge Institute is launched
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Open Knowledge Foundation Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-21 17:41:10
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Massive Protest Against UK Anti-Piracy Bill 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Massive Protest Against UK
Anti-Piracy Bill via TorrentFreak by enigmax on 3/19/10
The UK Government continues to push forward the Digital Economy Bill
(DEB) that aims to protect copyright holders from online pirates. On
15th March the House of Lords approved the bill and handed it over to
the House of Commons.
To the absolute dismay of most outside the music and movie industries,
some of the most controversial elements of the Bill are unlikely to
receive any major scrutiny and will be dealt with quickly under the
so-called ?wash-up?, a short period between the announcement of an
election and parliament being closed down.
?It?s a deeply unsatisfactory and very worrying development,? a senior
executive from an ISP told The Guardian. ?The fear is that no one will
know what is being cooked-up before it becomes law. It?s legislation on
the hoof.?
But this situation suits the BPI just fine. This week a leaked memo
from the BPI fell into the hands of Cory Doctorow which showed that the
?LibDem amendment? ? a proposal under the DEB which would allow for
websites to be blocked if, essentially, the BPI didn?t like their
activities ? was in fact written by the BPI. Very cosy.
But the controversies don?t end there. Doctorow also received an
internal document prepared by the BPI?s Director of Public Affairs and
prospective Labour parliamentary candidate, Richard Mollet. In the
document he admitted that the only reason the DEB had a chance of
passing is because MP?s are resigned to voting on it without debate.
?Translation: if MPs got to debate the Bill, they would tear it to
unrecognizable pieces as they realized what terrible rubbish it really
is,? wrote Doctorow. The scandals go on and on, but we have to stop
Nevertheless, UK Music head Feargal Sharkey says that he is confident
that the DEB will be passed before the general election, although
others are not so sure.
?It will still be nip and tuck to get the Digital Economy Bill onto the
statute book before the election so the battle is not won yet,? wrote
Shadow Culture Minister, Jeremy Hunt, on his blog this week.
According to Jim Killock at the Open Rights Group, UK citizens aren?t
leaving anything to chance with 10,000 of them having written to their
MPs in the last three days to demand a debate on the Digital Economy
?It is outrageous for corporate lobbyists including the BPI, FAST and
UK Music to demand that MPs curtail democracy and ram this Bill through
Parliament without debate,? says Killock, adding: ?The British people
did not elect UK Music and the BPI to write our laws.?
Killock says that what is making the 10,000 so angry is the pushing
through of the DEB without debate, an act he describes as ?undemocratic
and dangerous?.
If you?d like to add your dissenting voice, please email your MP, write
to your local newspaper, and attend the planned demonstrations.
Article from: TorrentFreak, check out our new blog at FreakBits.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to TorrentFreak using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-25 02:06:12
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Jared Diamond [Flickr] 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Jared Diamond [Flickr] via The
J Curve by jurvetson on 3/23/10
jurvetson posted a photo:
Wearing the Economist colors at their conference on innovation today in
?It?s no longer possible for a country to collapse in isolation. Now we
all collapse.?
?The only path to stability is to equalize the consumption rates of the
first and developing world. Our dream is no longer possible in the new
?We are confused between consumption rates and our standard of living.
Most of our consumption is wasteful.?
And Paul Saffo had some sculpted nuggets in the panel that followed:
?Societies, and companies, mimic the communication networks of the day.
We have moved from the mainframe to networks.?
?Our myths struggle to catch up to our reality. How do we shed our
independence and lever our interdependence??
?There is maybe a 50% chance the U.S. exists as a nation by
In response to Kurzweil?s neo-cornucopian stance:
?Engineers flee into the future. Druids flee into the past. I would
hope we would do neither.?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The J Curve using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-25 02:14:45
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Response To The White House's Request For Feedback 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Response To The White House's
Request For Feedback On IP Enforcement via Techdirt by Mike Masnick on
Last month, we noted that the White House's "Intellectual Property
Enforcement Coordinator," Victoria Espinel, better known as the IP Czar

@_date: 2010-03-25 11:29:56
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open-source gadgets have the best chance in 
I think it is completely consistent with everything else I have said that I
not only agree, but see this as inevitable.  Mark Driver is a smart guy and
has it just right.
As soon as radical innovation ceases, free wins.  That's why the idea of
technology acceleration means the death of labor.  Fairly soon (10, 20, 50,
100 years...all soon really) the machines will be better than us and free.
Extrapolate the rest.
Once the technology slows, it becomes free because markets really only
support differentiation.  What people buy is differentiation.  The idea that
people can sell "utilities" that maintain consistent low levels of service
is absurd.  There is no market theory to support it except monopoly.
The same is true of medicine too.  As soon as doctors start to all do the
same things (which they are violently fighting) then, it becomes free.
There is no such thing as stable value in skill or labor.  It always
declines without productivity or innovation (in the medium to long term).
That's why classroom teachers and stable market professionals will always
earn less in the long run.  Either productivity goes up, or wages go down
given any forward progress of technology.
When systems stabilize, they go free.  Apache Server is the perfect
example.  There is no way to signfiicantly innovate upon its base which
developed over 20 years to a very slow changing, stable platform.
Ultimately, all labor is information-based.  Once the technology of
information goes stable, someone will simply supply the underlying IP for
the lowest possible cost--which of course is free.

@_date: 2010-03-25 18:39:13
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open-source gadgets have the best chance in 
It seem that you understand me correctly.
What is expensive is differentiation.  Living in this special city in this
style of abode is expensive.  Sheer calories and basic shelter are of
minimal expense in any developed nation.  A worker of almost any sort can
make ends meet in undifferentiated locations...they can even consume
luxuries.  In equal shares?  No.  In basic shares yes.  Differentiation is
what costs and what people pay for.
What capitalism is, is specialization--rarity.  Or if you like, scarcity.
Innovation is the most common form of scarcity because it is protected.  The
incentive to deliver it, is based on its protection.  In other words, the
price of generic drugs drops dramatically when the patent expires...watch
Nexium in three or four years when it goes from one of the biggest earning
items on earth to a few pennies per pill.
The problem with labor now is that people cannot differentiation
themselves.  Skills are being surpassed by automation.  That's new in
history.  As it accelerates, labor will become free.  As each technical
domain stabilizes, that domain will become free.  Free is a sign that
differentiation is difficult.
The classic example is cell phones which are now made all around the Pacific
Rim essentially for free.  The basic foundry for manufacture is trivial.
There is no skill to speak of in operation.  Those are the businesses young
Chinese entrepreneurs seek out...the way US WW2 vets wanted to own a gas
station--easy, basic, stable and little skill.   If a field where no new
sorts of basic cell phones come forward, you get all sorts of market
entrants like that, and the price of the item falls to free.
I see it happening everywhere where huge natural resources are not required
in production.  If such resources are required, the price falls to the value
of the resources.   Labor and IP go to zero.

@_date: 2010-03-25 20:02:26
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open-source gadgets have the best chance in 
Innovation in food industries is huge.  Cost reductions, improved nutrients,
etc.  Grocers are ready proof that people care about brands and quality.  It
is where differentiation is most apparent.
You are right about profit.  Profit approaches zero because it is difficult
to differentiate enough to earn rents for long periods.  In short,
competition is approaching infinity, so profit goes to zero.  If everyone
can make a cell phone, no one will cell one at a profit.
Yep.  Been saying that on this list more than a couple of years.  Exactly.
The problem with capitalism right now is that there are no expectations of
long term cash flows.  That dries up credit.  When credit dries up, the
system stops. We are slowing again right now...you can watch it in the
financial pages.  Capitalism is dying.  It won't "die" for decades, but the
changes are not far too obvious to be reversed unless some unforeseen
prospect of huge technology innovation (equivalent to the age of
microcomputers) is around the corner.  It isn't.  Stem cells and nanotech
are huge, but they aren't game changing.  There is not distributed
technology that can justify wide scale labor costs that are high.  Germany
has the best model...really high end products.  China has a good
model...really cheap labor.  The US is squeezed in the middle.  It is really
surviving now on fat accumulated over the decades and on huge advantages in
technical innovation. Those are slowing and closing.
It is true that product is interesting to small producers, but in the global
economy, it is meaningless.  Profit is what makes the world go round.  But
your conclusion is sound.  Wages are falling in real terms and profits are
drying up.  People will therefore go into small scale production.

@_date: 2010-03-25 21:40:14
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open-source gadgets have the best chance in 
That's the point though. Innovation is what people will pay for...if you
want what others don't want, it tends to suck for you...unless you can find
low prices.   There is always a thing with wine drinking professors...they
think they have unique insights on cheap wine...hilarious.
Costs are falling except for resources mostly.   Executives steal the rest.
Executive pay has offset hugely gains in productivity especially in areas
like Banking and Law where pay is just absurd.  There is no rational way to
justify those costs.  Trouble is, that skilled positions in those
organizations can often make a lot...based on skill, eg. a trader.  Hard for
a CEO to make 1/4 what a trader does.
Yeah, so long as technology stops improving.  Otherwise investments are
offset by depreciation...as when your computer gets old.   Someday, the tech
will slow down...as with cell phones...at that point you just get a good
Again, it's a market decision.  Personally, I'll generally go with what is
most expensive as my decision about what is best ceteris paribus... that is,
the market probably knows more than I do, so if I am not forced to be
knowledgeable or don't choose to be, I'll let the market judge.
True.  Or maybe investors.
What to do with profit?  Consume as they wish and invest as they wish.
Trouble is, investment is not a good choice if profits are declining...then
you get deflation...like Japan, where there is surplus investment and no
high returns projects.
What is small scale?  I'd define small as anything that doesn't entail
public investment rules (e.g. public firms or large scale financial
Really small is household scale/main street type firms that aren't
franchises.  Those that use community banks or personal financing.

@_date: 2010-03-27 16:12:06
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Breakthrough Low-Power Desalination and Purification 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Breakthrough Low-Power
Desalination and Purification Technology Brings Clean Water To Remote
Villages via Popular Science - New Technology, Science News, The Future
Now by Stuart Fox on 3/23/10
High costs, in money and energy, limit the usefulness of desalination
as a way to provide drinkable water in disaster areas. However, a new
method could lead to portable desalination devices simple enough to run
off solar power or a battery, but powerful enough to supply a family,
or even a small village, with clean water. Additionally, the new
desalination device also cleanses water of biological contaminants.
Developed by scientists at MIT, the desalination device is about the
size of a postage stamp, and can be fit together into larger daisy
chains. An eight-inch-wide array of the desalination chips can produce
four gallons of clean water every hour, while only using as much
electricity as a light bulb. Plus, when tested with water mixed with
plastic bits, human blood, and miscellaneous proteins in addition to
salt, the unit pumped out 99-percent-pure water.
The desalination chips separate water from contaminants by repelling
the foreign particles electrically. Since this method does not use
filter, the system can operate without high pressures. Simply pour the
contaminated or sea water in the top, and wait for the pure water to
come out of the bottom.
According to the developers, it will take about two years to develop a
commercial product containing 10,000 desalination chips. Whether this
technique can expand beyond portable low-energy systems, and into the
sort of large-scale desalination that provides many Middle Eastern
countries with potable water, remains to be seen.
[Technology Review]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Popular Science - New Technology, Science News, The
Future Now using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-27 19:18:55
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] In praise of the public domain 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: In praise of the public domain
via dw2 by David Wood on 3/26/10
James Boyle?s book ?The public domain: enclosing the commons of the
mind? is an extremely thoughtful, carefully written account of a major
The issue is that a very powerful and useful resource is, largely
unwittingly, being deeply damaged by people following actions that on
the surface seem to make sense.
The resource in question can be called ?the public domain?. It?s the
general set of ideas, designs, and artforms which we can all build on,
to create yet new ideas, designs, and artforms. Everyone who writes a
book or blog article, draws a picture, composes music, designs a
product, or proposes a new scientific theory, takes all kind of
advantage of this public domain. However, this domain is under
increasing attack.
The attack comes as a result of concepts of ?intellectual property?
being applied too aggressively. In this line of thinking:
- People generally need incentives to undertake arduous work to create
new ideas, designs, and artforms;
- An important aspect of incentive is expected monetary reward from
expected benefits from these ideas, designs, and artforms;
- Any technology or social practice that undercuts this potential
monetary reward is, therefore, suspect;
- In particular, the growing ability of computer tools and Internet
distribution means that we need to tighten laws governing copying;
- Otherwise, the incentive to create new ideas, designs, and artforms
will be undermined;
- As a result, laws about copyrights and patents need to be extended.
Of course, Boyle is far from being the first person to criticise this
general line of thinking. However, what makes Boyle?s book stand out is
the balance which he brings.
Boyle carefully explains the merits of the arguments in favour of
intellectual property, as well as the merits of the arguments against
extending laws about intellectual property. He believes there is
substantial benefit from patents and copyrights continuing to exist. As
he notes in the final chapter of his book:
If the answer were that intellectual property rights are bad, then
forming good policy would be easy. But that is as silly and one-sided
an idea as the maximalist one I have been criticizing here. Here are ?
1. Drug patents do help produce drugs. Jettisoning them is a bad
idea?though experimenting with additional and alternative methods of
encouraging medical innovation is a very good one.
2. I believe copyrights over literary works should be shorter, and that
one should have to renew them after twenty-eight years?something that
about 85 percent of authors and publishers will not do, if prior
history is anything to go by. I think that would give ample incentives
to write and distribute books, and give us a richer, more accessible
culture and educational system to boot, a Library of Congress where you
truly can ?click to get the book? as my son asked me to do years ago
now. But that does not mean that I wish to abolish copyright. On the
contrary, I think it is an excellent system?
(The text of the entire book is available free online, under a creative
commons licence.)
But Boyle also argues, persuasively, throughout his book, that there
need to be limits to the application of ideas about intellectual
property. As summarised at the start of the ninth chapter:
It is a mistake to think of intellectual property in the same way we
think of physical property?
Limitations and exceptions to those rights are as important as the
rights themselves?
The public domain has a vital and tragically neglected role to play in
innovation and culture?
Relentlessly expanding property rights will not automatically bring us
increased innovation in science and culture?
The second enclosure movement is more troubling than the first?
It is unwise to extend copyright again and again, and to do so
retrospectively, locking up most of twentieth-century culture in order
to protect the tiny fragment of it that is still commercially available?
Technological improvements bring both benefits and costs to existing
rights holders?both of which should be considered when setting policy?
We need a vigorous set of internal limitations and exceptions within
copyright, or control over content will inevitably become control over
the medium of transmission?
The Internet should make us think seriously about the power of
nonproprietary and distributed production?
Perhaps the most powerful argument in the list above is the third one:
we need a healthy public domain, for the good of all of us ? so that
new ideas, designs, and artforms can continue to be developed. To make
this argument more vivid, Boyle builds an intriguing analogy:
In a number of respects, the politics of intellectual property and the
public domain is at the stage that the American environmental movement
was at in the 1950s.
In 1950, there were people who cared strongly about issues we would now
identify as ?environmental??supporters of the park system and
birdwatchers, but also hunters and those who disdained chemical
pesticides in growing their foods. In the world of intellectual
property, we have start-up software engineers, libraries,
appropriationist artists, parodists, biographers, and biotech
researchers. In the 50s and 60s, we had flurries of outrage over
particular crises?burning rivers, oil spills, dreadful smog. In the
world of intellectual property, we have the kind of stories I have
tried to tell here. Lacking, however, is a general framework, a
perception of common interest in apparently disparate situations.
Crudely speaking, the environmental movement was deeply influenced by
two basic analytical frameworks. The first was the idea of ecology: the
fragile, complex, and unpredictable interconnections between living
systems. The second was the idea of welfare economics?the ways in which
markets can fail to make activities internalize their full costs. The
combination of the two ideas yielded a powerful and disturbing
conclusion. Markets would routinely fail to make activities internalize
their own costs, particularly their own environmental costs. This
failure would, routinely, disrupt or destroy fragile ecological
systems, with unpredictable, ugly, dangerous, and possibly irreparable
consequences. These two types of analysis pointed to a general interest
in environmental protection and thus helped to build a large
constituency which supported governmental efforts to that end. The duck
hunter?s preservation of wetlands as a species habitat turns out to
have wider functions in the prevention of erosion and the maintenance
of water quality. The decision to burn coal rather than natural gas for
power generation may have impacts on everything from forests to
fisheries. The attempt to reduce greenhouse gases and mitigate the
damage from global warming cuts across every aspect of the economy.
Of course, it would be silly to think that environmental policy was
fueled only by ideas rather than more immediate desires. As William
Ruckelshaus put it, ?With air pollution there was, for example, a
desire of the people living in Denver to see the mountains again.
Similarly, the people living in Los Angeles had a desire to see one
another.? Funnily enough, as with intellectual property, changes in
communications technology also played a role. ?In our living rooms in
the middle sixties, black and white television went out and color
television came in. We have only begun to understand some of the
impacts of television on our lives, but certainly for the environmental
movement it was a bonanza. A yellow outfall flowing into a blue river
does not have anywhere near the impact on black and white television
that it has on color television; neither does brown smog against a blue
sky.? More importantly perhaps, the technologically fueled deluge of
information, whether from weather satellites or computer models running
on supercomputers, provided some of the evidence
that?eventually?started to build a consensus around the seriousness of
global warming.
Despite the importance of these other factors, the ideas I
mentioned?ecology and welfare economics?were extremely important for
the environmental movement. They helped to provide its agenda, its
rhetoric, and the perception of common interest underneath its
coalition politics. Even more interestingly, for my purposes, those
ideas?which began as inaccessible scientific or economic concepts, far
from popular discourse?were brought into the mainstream of American
politics. This did not happen easily or automatically. Popularizing
complicated ideas is hard work. There were popular books, television
discussions, documentaries on Love Canal or the California kelp beds,
op-ed pieces in newspapers, and pontificating experts on TV.
Environmental groups both shocking and staid played their part, through
the dramatic theater of a Greenpeace protest or the tweedy
respectability of the Audubon Society. Where once the idea of ?the
Environment? (as opposed to ?my lake,? say) was seen as a mere
abstraction, something that couldn?t stand against the concrete
benefits brought by a particular piece of development, it came to be an
abstraction with both the force of law and of popular interest behind
To me, this suggests a strategy for the future of the politics of
intellectual property, a way to save our eroding public domain.
In both areas, we seem to have the same recipe for failure in the
structure of the decision-making process. Democratic decisions are made
badly when they are primarily made by and for the benefit of a few
stakeholders, whether industrialists or content providers. This effect
is only intensified when the transaction costs of identifying and
resisting the change are high. Think of the costs and benefits of acid
rain-producing power generation or?less serious, but surely similar in
form?the costs and benefits of retrospectively increasing copyright
term limits on works for which the copyright had already expired,
pulling them back out of the public domain?
How important are these issues?
We can all laugh at the famous xkcd stick figure cartoon lamenting
?sometimes I just can?t get outraged over copyright law?.
But Boyle writes persuasively on this topic too:
Who can blame the stick figure? Certainly not I. Is it not silly to
equate the protection of the environment with the protection of the
public domain? After all, one is the struggle to save a planetary
ecology and the other is just some silly argument about legal rules and
culture and science. I would be the first to yield primacy to the
environmental challenges we are facing. Mass extinction events are to
be avoided, particularly if they involve you personally. Yet my
willingness to minimize the importance of the rules that determine who
owns science and culture goes only so far.
A better intellectual property system will not save the planet. On the
other hand, one of the most promising sets of tools for building
biofuels comes from synthetic biology. Ask some of the leading
scientists in that field why they devoted their precious time to trying
to work out a system that would offer the valuable incentives that
patents provide while leaving a commons of ?biobricks? open to all for
future development. I worry about these rules naturally; they were
forced to do so.
A better intellectual property system certainly will not end world
hunger. Still it is interesting to read about the lengthy struggles to
clear the multiple, overlapping patents on GoldenRice?a rice grain
genetically engineered to cure vitamin deficiencies that nearly
perished in a thicket of blurrily overlapping rights.
A better intellectual property system will not cure AIDS or rheumatoid
arthritis or Huntington?s disease or malaria. Certainly not by itself.
Patents have already played a positive role in contributing to
treatments for the first two, though they are unlikely to help much on
the latter two; the affected populations are too few or too poor. But
overly broad, or vague, or confusing patents could (and I believe have)
hurt all of those efforts?even those being pursued out of altruism.
Those problems could be mitigated. Reforms that made possible legal and
facilitated distribution of patented medicines in Africa might save
millions of lives. They would cost drug companies little. Africa makes
up 1.6 percent of their global market. Interesting alternative methods
have even been suggested for encouraging investment in treatments for
neglected diseases and diseases of the world?s poor. At the moment, we
spend 90 percent of our research dollars on diseases that affect 10
percent of the global population. Perhaps this is the best we can do,
but would it not be nice to have a vigorous public debate on the
As for myself, I?ve already listed as one of my proposed high
priorities for society over the next decade,
- Patent system reform ? to address aspects of intellectual property
law where innovation and collaboration are being hindered rather than
Boyle?s book is a great contribution to the cause of finding the best
?sweet spot? balance between intellectual property and the public
domain. It deserves to be very widely read.
Footnote: Many thanks to Martin Budden for drawing my attention to this
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to dw2 using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-03-28 10:07:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
This makes complete sense and where I thought PayPal would have taken us 10
years ago.
Bad news for American Express, MasterCard and Visa...but still central
system approaches.  There is not way for people to P2P exchange value except
cash.  I suspect you will have complex code stations that download coupons
onto iPhone/Android like devices that do that, but you've still got to go to
the central switch.

@_date: 2010-03-28 18:29:40
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The grand alliance for the commons 
Hi Michel,
I have been reading these entries calling for alliances, etc. and it has
caused me to reflect a bit on what I believe myself.
I suppose, overall, I am suspicious of alliances because it generally forces
me to align with ideas I don't hold.  I don't see much organizational need
for that, myself.
But if I were to summarize my own views of P2P advocacy (as opposed to
interest), I would say I am interested in expanded access to ideas and
technologies that enhance productivity.  For me, the social means of
achieving this are very secondary.  I am quite happy if capitalist markets
do it, and just as happy if socialist-like experiments do it.  I have grave
doubts about the latter, but that's neither here nor there.  Whatever
works.  Truly, I don't care.
Enhanced productivity needs to enable broader access to the means of
enhanced productivity whether it be elite educational and training resources
or technical tools such as software.  As such, I see the mission of P2P as
surrounding access and productivity.  Productivity is always contrasted with
standards of externalities and similar trade-offs (e.g. pollution).  People
care a lot about those sorts of costs and justifiably so.
So boiled down, I think there is one issue: Greater access to means of being
productive with productivity defined in terms of minimal negative
Anyone who signs on to that, I guess is an ally.

@_date: 2010-05-03 03:00:32
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] MakerBots at Cambridge Mini Maker Faire 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: MakerBots at Cambridge Mini
Maker Faire via MAKE Magazine by Chris Connors on 5/2/10
At the Cambridge Mini Maker Faire, we had a whole mess of MakerBot
CupCake CNCs. People were very curious about all the plastic being
extruded and had lots of questions to ask of the hardy Makerbotters.
During the festivities, I had a chance to ask a few questions of my own.
Want to know more about the MakerBot? Get your hands on a copy of MAKE
Volume 21. The MakerBot site is full of good info, and you can see and
share lots of designs for parts that can be made over at Thingiverse.
Editor's Note: And don't forget our MakerBot CupCake CNC giveaway.
Deadline for entry is May 5th!
 From MAKE magazine:
MAKE Volume 21 is the Desktop Manufacturing issue, with how-to articles
on making three-dimensional parts using inexpensive computer-controlled
manufacturing equipment. Both additive (RepRap, CandyFab) and
subtractive (Lumenlab Micro CNC) systems are covered. Also in this
issue: instructions for making a cigar box guitar, building your own
CNC for under $800, running a mini electric bike with a cordless drill,
making a magic photo cube, and tons more. If you're a subscriber, you
can access the Digital Edition. Otherwise, you can pick up MAKE 21 in
the Maker Shed
Read more | Permalink | Comments | Read more articles in 3D printing |
Digg this!
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to MAKE Magazine using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-03 21:16:48
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Shiny_Robot_Bodies=2C_Sentient_Devices?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Shiny Robot Bodies, Sentient
Devices, ?Immortality Pills?, Immersive Holodecks, Desktop
Nanofactories, Etc. via Accelerating Future by Michael Anissimov on
My recent post on how the popular zeitgeist has already embraced
transhumanism provoked responses from transhumanist Guilio Prisco and
anti-transhumanist Dale Carrico, a lecturer at UC Berkeley. Carrico
In something of a surprise move, Singularitarian Transhumanist Robot
Cultist Michael Anissimov has declared victory. Apparently, the
superlative futurologists have ?won.? The Robot Cult, it would seem,
has prevailed over the ends of the earth.
Usually, when palpable losers declare victory in this manner, the
declaration is followed by an exit, either graceful or grumbling, from
the stage. But I suspect we will not be so lucky when it comes to
Anissimov and his fellow victorious would-be
Neither can we expect them ?to take their toys and go home,? as is
usual in such scenes. After all, none of their toys ? none of their
shiny robot bodies, none of their sentient devices, none of their
immortality pills, none of their immersive holodecks, none of their
desktop nanofactories, none of their utility fogs, none of their comic
book body or brain enhancement packages, none of their kindly or
vengeful superintelligent postbiological Robot Gods ? none of them
exist now for them to go home with any more than they ever did, they
exist only as they always have done, as wish-fulfillment fancies in
their own minds.
Breaking it down, all these ?toys? sound great. Desktop nanofactories,
especially, in the right hands, could totally decentralize
manufacturing and make it much easier for the world?s poorest people to
gain some measure of material wealth and security.
I?d like to address some of the technologies Dale mentions, because I
believe they are worthy goals and that intermediary steps to these
goals are incredibly beneficial themselves.
To start with ?robot bodies?, there are no robot bodies suitable for
human occupation today, but there are exoskeletons. For instance, Japan
is developing a ?Power Assist Suit?, which will retail at $10,000 USD,
to help elderly farmers in rural regions. If you want to ask how
transhumanist-flavored thinking can distinguish a society, look no
further than Japan. Japan is also working on developing brain-computer
interfaces with cooperation from corporate giants like Toyota, Honda
and Hitachi. There?s a reason why these initiatives are happening in
Japan. Japan?s culture is extremely future-friendly and open-minded to
transhumanistic visions, which include robotic exoskeletons and
brain-computer interfaces.
As for ?sentient devices?, many of my readers no doubt own iPhones or
Android-powered startphones and use their many useful features on a
daily basis, including a variety of applications. This is not like
having Einstein in your pocket, but it is certainly an improvement on
what we had before. The improvement in sophistication of mobile devices
in the last few years is nothing less than remarkable.
Regarding ?immortality pills?, it makes great sense to look for
compounds which have the potential to break up toxic accumulations of
molecular junk in the body. That is what Geron and the SENS Foundation
are doing, for instance. The Methuselah Foundation, while not working
on ?immortality pills?, has created excellent prizes for mouse
rejuvenation and organ printing. These organizations are fueled by the
kind of ?superlative thinking? that characterizes transhumanism and
which is criticized not only by outright anti-transhumanists like
Carrico but also insiders like IEET Managing Director Mike Treder.
As for immersive holodecks, I see few other things with the potential
to improve our civilizational resilience and save travel money.
Companies like Microvision are developing innovative heads-up displays,
projectors, and glasses to help bring virtuality into the real world.
The computational requirements needed to smoothly update a virtual
scene as someone quickly moves their head around to observe it are
formidable, but we are moving closer to this milestone. Ray Kurzweil
predicts that immersive VR will be the hip thing in the 2020s. I?ve
previously argued that full-body haptic feedback suits would be
necessary to truly experience immersive VR, and I predicted that such a
suit would be developed by 2020. I still stand by that prediction ? in
fact, it could be sooner. Companies have already developed vests that
can simulate hugging or combat. Guess where the hug vest was developed?
Desktop nanofactories, to me, seem more important and relevant than all
the technologies listed above. Why? They would vastly accelerate
progress towards all the above, probably so much so that it would
actually be a threat to the stability of society. Instead of desktop
nanofactories, today we have the explosion of 3D printing, which I
follow closely and with great enthusiasm. Each week I wonder what the
fabbing community will come up with next. Blogs like Fabbaloo chronicle
progress in the field. Groups like open source ecology take it to the
next level, making the open source fab lab a central feature of their
effort. The success of open source ecology is a testimony to the power
of desktop manufacturing units. As these manufacturing devices are
improved, they will be able to fabricate an increasingly larger array
of products. Their spatial resolution today is about 1 mm, but
eventually that will drop to microns and eventually nanometers.
To manufacture true utility fog would require nanofactories, and a
number of technological obstacles still remain between today?s
nanotechnology and the routine synthesis of rigid microscale or
macroscale objects from atomic components. Instead, we have Intel and
Carnegie Mellon working on ?poor man?s utility fog?. It could even be
possible to manufacture early-stage catoms (the ?atoms? of a
claytronics setup?) with current nanoscale manufacturing technologies.
In conclusion, even though the technologies that Dale lists don?t exist
yet, that doesn?t mean that we shouldn?t keep working towards them, or
that the intermediaries won?t be incredibly useful. The vision of
far-future possibilities is what inspires some of the projects above to
grind forward on a daily basis.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Accelerating Future using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-03 21:38:36
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Court Allows Unmasking of P2P Downloaders 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Court Allows Unmasking of P2P
Downloaders via Slashdot by Soulskill on 5/1/10
bricko writes "A federal appeals court says copyright-infringing
downloaders can now be outed. If you use or have used P2P, this may
interest you. From Wired: 'The RIAA detected what it claimed to be
infringing activity on an IP address the university linked to the
student. The unidentified student moved to quash a federal judge?s
order that the university forward the student?s identity to the RIAA.
The student asserted a First Amendment right of privacy on the
Internet, in addition to a fair-use right to the six music tracks in
question. The appeals court ruled in the RIAA?s favor (PDF) after
balancing a constitutional right to remain anonymous against a
copyright owner?s right to disclosure of the identity of a possible
?trespasser of its intellectual property interest."'"
Read more of this story at Slashdot.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Slashdot using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-05 02:53:53
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Thinking about predictability: More musings about 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Thinking about predictability:
More musings about Push and Pull via confused of calcutta by JP on
Chichen Itza photograph courtesy JuanRojo
If you?ve been following this blog for long, then you?ll probably know
that I?ve been interested in a number of themes to do with information
and its implications on business structures and process. You will also
know that every now and then, I use the arenas of food and music to
illustrate points or issues.
Of late, much of my time has been taken up in reading (and re-reading)
The Power of Pull, and I?ve written a couple of posts on the subject.
Messrs Hagel, Seely Brown and Davison have really made me think about
things; they?ve answered some of the questions I?ve had for a while,
and raised a number of new ones.
In parallel, I?ve also been delving into collapse theory, sparked off
by Clay Shirky?s excellent post on the collapse of complex business
models. That led me on to digging deeper into Joseph Tainter; I ordered
and read The Collapse of Complex Societies straightaway; if any of you
is interested in collapse theory, I would strongly recommend you read
it; it is also really worth reading a long book review that Professor
Tainter did, headlined Collapse, Sustainability and the Environment:
How Authors Choose to Fail or Succeed.
Clay has also been responsible for putting a third, connected, stream
of thinking into my head, via Kevin Kelly, another must-read person.
The Shirky Principle. [Incidentally, you can rest assured I will be
reviewing Clay's upcoming book, Cognitive Surplus. I've already ordered
it; how nice it was to see that the book was actually being released
same-day US and UK. I am so sick of artificial scarcities.]
?Institutions will try to preserve the problem to which they are the
solution.? ? Clay Shirky
So that?s where my head is right now. Thinking about institutions built
fundamentally around ?push? principles trying to survive in a ?pull?
world. Thinking about institutions that are designed that way through
no fault of their own; these principles have been the basis of
management and economics thinking for the best part of a century.
Thinking about institutions that ?try to preserve the problem to which
they are the solution?. Thinking about institutions that grow more and
more complex over time, and then collapse. Which leads me to the main
point of this post. Predictability. Esmeralda Fortune Teller Machine:
courtesy of MiniatureMadness In the Power of Pull (pg 37) the authors
articulate a number of ?instincts, assumptions and beliefs? that make
up ?the philosophy of push?:
- There?s not enough to go around
- Elites do the deciding
- Organisations must be hierarchical
- People must be molded
- Bigger is better
- Demand can be forecast
- Resources can be allocated centrally
- Demand can be met I am particularly taken with the Demand can be
forecast/Demand can be met statements. For some years now, I have been
bemused at the things institutions do in order to make something
fundamentally unpredictable into something somehow more predictable.
Through sheer serendipity I was at Burroughs Corporation when the firm,
and the industry, began to realise that the money was moving from
hardware to software; I was at Data General when the firm, and the
industry, began to realise that the money was moving from proprietary
to open; I was at Cap Gemini when the firm, and the industry, began to
realise that IT services were moving from national to global scale; I
was at Dresdner Kleinwort when the firm, and the industry, began to
realise that financial services were moving from analog to digital. In
each case, there was a significant shift taking place in the industry,
one that was going to transform the entire market radically. In each
case, there was a clear institutional response. And in each case, the
response was expected to provide a predictability of outcome that was
required to be of unusual precision for such an emergent venture in
such a changing environment. I saw the same thing when it came to
?agile? methods and practices. Everybody seemed to understand what the
methods and practices were; and then, for some strange reason, everyone
expected some incredible level of precision in planning and outcome
which militated against any concept of agility; this is what I was
referring to as the ?planning horizon? problem in a recent post. These
behaviours caused a level of cognitive dissonance in me, and I?ve
therefore been thinking about it for some time now. Right now I don?t
want to go into why people want this predictability, suffice it to say
that it appears to be a Push principle as articulated in the book. What
I want to do is concentrate on the things people do in order to achieve
this state of predictableness. My tea leaves: courtesy of Katherine
Finch. The easiest route to guaranteeing predictability is to control
the market, have a monopoly. Many companies have tried this in the
past, many continue to try this, despite legislation and regulation to
prevent this. It is easier to do this in some jurisdictions rather than
others; surprisingly, it would appear that some companies in
?developed? countries seem to be as adept in sustaining monopolies
while pretending to be otherwise, as their emerging-nation
counterparts: the processes get more sophisticated and get called
lobbying rather than bribing, but the outcome?s the same. Nevertheless,
global monopolies are hard to sustain: artificial scarcities (eg region
coding on DVDs) get met by artificial abundances (eg chipping of DVD
players). If you can?t have a monopoly, the next thing you do in your
quest for predictability is to try and control your customer, make it
hard for the customer to leave you. This is not surprising, since
financial backers (quite possibly the ones wanting the predictability
in the first place) are trained to ask ?where?s your lock-in? as part
of Due Diligence 101. Overt ways of controlling the customer start
looking anti-competitive; as a result, the practice has begin to ease,
although there are worrying signs that it will resurge in the guise of
customer data import and export. If you can?t lock in your customer,
then you do the next best thing. You convince yourself you have
predictability. You use a variety of financial and reporting tools to
sustain this pretence, often under the guise of ?risk management?. [In
this context, I would strongly recommend you read Michael Power's The
Risk Management of Everything, a wonderful little tract that you can
download for free here.] Sometimes when I look at everything that
happened in the financial markets, I cannot help but feel that the same
principles that Clay Shirky speaks of in The Collapse of Complex
Business Models applies in modern financial markets. The problem with
this approach is that you land up having no defence for ?black swans?.
In fact I would go so far as to state that the process of pretending
predictability is one that systemically creates and increases black
swan risk. If you can?t convince yourself, then it all begans to
unravel. Because you?re left with the temptation to convince others of
the predictable nature of business while not being convinced yourself.
Why? Because ?push? organisations work on this basis of precision in
predictability. The techniques people use to ?convince? others in this
respect are immoral at the very least and illegal at the extreme.
Institutions, particularly ?push? institutions, have grown up on the
mother?s milk of predictability, of smoothed-out forecasts, of a level
of precision that is no longer sustainable in a ?Pull? world. They?ve
resorted to using an extensive variety of techniques to try and hold on
to that predictability; some of them are sustainable in the short term,
some of them are downright illegal, none of them have any real value in
the long term. Which brings me to the question that?s keeping me awake.
Can a traditional Push institution really become a Pull institution,
bearing all this in mind? is that transition, that hybrid state, really
possible? how long can one institution uphold two sets of radically
different principles under one style of management? I tried to imagine
a Push institution outsourcing work to a Pull institution, to try and
understand what the working agreement would look like. And I didn?t
like the answer. Comments and advice welcome.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to confused of calcutta using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-06 02:17:43
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Linux Versus E. coli | The Loom 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Linux Versus E. coli | The Loom
via Discover Main Feed on 5/3/10
In 1991, a 21-year-old Finnish computer science student named Linus
Torvalds got annoyed. He had bought a personal computer to use at home,
but he couldn?t find an operating system for it that was as robust as
Unix, the system he used on the computers at the University of
Helsinki. So he wrote one. He posted it online, free for anyone to
download. But he required that anyone who figured out a way to make it
better would have share the improvement with everyone else who used the
system. Torvalds would later tell Wired that his motives were not
noble. ?I didn?t want the headache of trying to deal with parts of the
operating system that I saw as the crap work,? he said. ?I wanted help.?
In his quest to avoid crap work, Torvalds unleashed a monster. People
began to download the system, dubbed Linux, all over the world. Within
a few weeks, Torvalds was getting emails from hundreds of users,
explaining how to fix bugs and how to add new bells and whistles.
People began to write programs that would only work on Linux computer.
They founded companies around Linux-based software. Millions of people
chose Linux for their computers, and major computer companies like
Microsoft and Dell begn to support the system. Along the way, Linux
evolved. Torvalds?s first version contained 10,000 lines of code. Linux
now holds over 12 million lines.
Those 12 million lines may seem like a hopeless thicket of code, but it
actually has a hidden structure. It?s divided up into chunks, each of
which carries out a particular task. All told, they carry out 12,391
separate functions. The functions are also connected. If Linux carries
out one function, the system will direct the computer to carry out
other functions. You can think of Linux as a network, with the
functions joined together by links of control. Computer programmers can
map out that network as a so-called ?call graph.?
Linux bears an uncanny resemblance to the genes in a living cell. Many
genes make proteins that act as switches for other genes. The proteins
clamp onto DNA near a target gene, allowing the cell to read the gene
and make a new protein. And that new protein may, in turn, grab onto
many other genes. Thanks to this hierarchy of switches, cells can
respond to changes in their environment and quickly carry out complex
behaviors, such as reorganizing themselves to feed on a new kind of
A number of scientists have begun to compare natural and manmade
networks. A lot of the same rules appear to be at work in the growth of
the Internet, airport connections, brain wiring, ecosystem food webs,
and gene networks. But very often, scientists are finding, it?s the
differences between natural and manmade networks that are most
revealing, offering clues to the different ways in which people and
evolution build complex things.
In the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences this week,
Koon-Kiu Yang of Yale and his colleagues present the first detailed
comparison of Linux?s network to a gene network. (The paper will be
here.) Thanks to the open-source nature of Linux, the scientists could
look at every line of code in every version of the system over the past
two decades, from Torvald?s first primitive stab to its current
sophisticated form. And for a living cell, Yang and his colleagues
turned to the living equivalent of Linux?a biological network they
could analyze from top to bottom. They chose E. coli. coli, since it is
the best-studied species on Earth. (Why E. coli? There?s a certain book
that will explain it to you.)
Over the past fifty years, scientists have mapped 1,378 interactions
among E. coli genes. Out of that research, Yang and his colleagues
built a microbial call graph. They assigned each gene to one of three
categories. If a gene switched on one or more genes, but was not itself
switched on by another gene, they called it a ?master regulator.? If a
gene was switched on by a different gene and then, in turn, switched on
other genes, the scientists dubbed it a ?middle manager.? And if the
gene was switched on but did not then switch on any other genes, they
called it a ?workhorse.? The scientists drew the network of master
regulators, middle managers, and workhorses.
The scientists sorted all the functions in Linux by the same rules.
Here is the picture that emerged.
(N.B.: for the sake of clarity, the scientists only used 10% of the
nodes in the full Linux call graph. But the complete picture would look
the same.)
Both Linux and E. coli are organized into hierarchies. But their
hierarchies have different shapes. E. coli?s genome is dominated by
workhorses. Middle-managers and master regulators make up less than 5%
of the total number of genes. In Linux, by contrast, over 80% of the
functions are in the upper echelons. Each workhorse in Linux is
controlled to many middle managers. In E. coli, on the other hand, each
workhorse gene is typically controlled either by a few genes or just
one. And so in E. coli it?s the higher levels where genes have the most
links, not the workhorses.
Once Yang and his colleagues had drawn the two networks, they looked at
the paths information takes as it flows from master regulators down to
workhorses. E. coli?s genes are organized into relatively distinct
modules. When a master regulator swings into action?in response, say,
to a spike in temperature?it switches on a set of other genes with
relatively little overlap with the genes switched on by other master
regulators. Linux, by contrast, has blurry boundaries. Four out of five
Linux modules overlap, in contrast to 5% of E. coli?s.
The networks in E. coli and Linux don?t just look different. They also
grew in different ways as well. The oldest genes in E. coli?s
network?the ones shared by many other species of microbes?are its
workhorses. The genes higher up in the E. coli hierarchy have emerged
more recently. Those higher-ranking genes have also been undergoing a
lot of evolutionary change since they first emerged. The old genes, by
contrast, have changed little.
The history of Linux has played out differently. A lot of the oldest
functions in Linux are middle managers or master regulators, not
workhorses as in E. coli. And while old genes in E. coli haven?t
evolved much, programmers have heavily rewritten Linux?s old functions.
Both networks developed, step by step, as increasingly sophisticated
systems for operating things?computers or cells. But the Linux network
was the work of programmers, while E. coli is the product of four
billion years of evolution. The differences in the history and shape of
the two networks emerge from the ways in which they developed. The
programmers who built Linux did not have the time to invent entirely
new workhorse functions. It was simpler for them to just use the old
workhorse functions in new modules. But this strategy leaves Linux a
lot more fragile than a biological network. Its modules overlap, so
that in many cases, a workhorse function is essential for many
different modules at once. As a result, Linux gets buggy and prone to
crashing. And so as programmers improve Linux, they?ve had to fine-tune
its all-purpose functions at every step of the way.
E. coli is far more rugged. Mutations crop up all the time as the
bacteria multiply, and yet they generally don?t suffer a catastrophic
network crash. One reason E. coli is so robust is that its modules have
evolved to be distinct. Overlapping modules make cells particularly
vulnerable to mutations, because a single mutation can shut down a lot
of their essential biology. Natural selection favors organisms with a
more rugged network.
Because E. coli is the product of evolution, rather than of
programmers, parts of its genome have changed relatively little over
billions of years. The oldest parts of the network are the workhorse
genes?the ones that encode primitive proteins that do the fundamental
work of life, like building new pieces of DNA. They can tolerate very
little change. It?s much easier instead for E. coli to evolve new ways
of controlling those workhorses.
This kind of comparison is very new, and it?s not clear yet what
scientists will find when they compare Linux to other
genomes?particular to the genomes of more complex species like
ourselves. E. coli has only about 4300 genes. We have 20,000
protein-coding genes. A lot of those genes control other genes. Indeed,
a typical human gene has a lot of switches, all of which have to be
thrown in order for the gene to make a protein in a certain situation.
The human genome is also packed with thousands of genes that don?t
encode proteins, but which may encode RNA molecules that also switch
genes on and off. Scientists just don?t know enough yet about the human
genome to map its network the way they?ve mapped E. coli. But it?s
possible that when they finally do, it will be a lot more top-heavy,
with a lot more overlapping modules and multi-tasking workhorses.
If that turns out to be the case, biologists will have a new question
to keep them busy for a long time to come: how did Linus get to be so
much like Linux?
[Update: Fixed Torvalds's name and other typos. Thanks for the
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Discover Main Feed using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-06 17:47:15
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Adam_Smith_wasn=E2=80=99t_the_free-marke?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Adam Smith wasn?t the
free-market fundamentalist he is thought to have been via 3quarksdaily
by Abbas Raza on 5/6/10
It?s time we realised the relevance of his ideas to today?s financial
Amartya Sen in the New Statesman:
Smith discussed that to explain the motivation for economic exchange in
the market, we do not have to invoke any objective other than the
pursuit of self-interest. In the most widely quoted passage from The
 "It is not from the benevolence of the
butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from
their regard to their own interest. We address ourselves, not to their
humanity but to their self-love." In the tradition of interpreting
Smith as the guru of selfishness or self-love (as he often called it,
not with great admiration), the reading of his writings does not seem
to go much beyond those few lines, even though that discussion is
addressed only to one very specific issue, namely exchange (rather than
distribution or production) and, in particular, the motivation
underlying exchange. In the rest of Smith's writings, there are
extensive discussions of the role of other motivations that influence
human action and behaviour.
Beyond self-love, Smith discussed how the functioning of the economic
system in general, and of the market in particular, can be helped
enormously by other motives. There are two distinct propositions here.
The first is one of epistemology, concerning the fact that human beings
are not guided only by self-gain or even prudence. The second is one of
practical reason, involving the claim that there are good ethical and
practical grounds for encouraging motives other than self-interest,
whether in the crude form of self-love or in the refined form of
prudence. Indeed, Smith argues that while "prudence" was "of all
virtues that which is most helpful to the individual", "humanity,
justice, generosity, and public spirit, are the qualities most useful
to others". These are two distinct points, and, unfortunately, a big
part of modern economics gets both of them wrong in interpreting Smith.
More here. [Thanks to Shan Manikkalingam.]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to 3quarksdaily using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-07 18:32:33
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A Single Molecule Computes Thousands of Times Faster 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: A Single Molecule Computes
Thousands of Times Faster than Your PC via Popular Science - New
Technology, Science News, The Future Now by Clay Dillow on 5/5/10
Computing with Iodine
A demo of a quantum calculation carried out by Japanese researchers has
yielded some pretty mind-blowing results: a single molecule can perform
a complex calculation thousands of times faster than a conventional
A proof-of-principle test run of a discrete Fourier transform -- a
common calculation using spectral analysis and data compression, among
other things -- performed with a single iodine molecule transpired very
well, putting all the molecules in your PC to shame.
Using quantum interference - the vibrations of the atoms themselves -
the team was able to run the complete discrete Fourier transform
extremely quickly by encoding the inputs into an optically tailored
vibrational wave packet which is then run through an excited iodine
molecule whose atomic elements are oscillating at known intervals and
picked up by a receiver on the other side. The entire process takes
just a few tens of femtoseconds (that's a quadrillionth of a second).
So we're not just talking faster data flow or processing here; these
are speeds that are physically impossible on any kind of conventional
electronic device.
But don't trade in your conventional computing power just yet. Like
other quantum information platforms, molecular computing is in its
infancy; we understand some of its mechanisms, but it's difficult to
execute and there are still a lot of unknowns. Further, researchers
aren't quite sure how they could integrate such technology into
something that works the way we're used to our computers working.
Still, the very fact that researchers were able to pull off a
calculation at such speeds shows just how big of an impact molecular
calculations could have on the science of computing.
[Science Daily]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Popular Science - New Technology, Science News, The
Future Now using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-08 15:12:23
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Books_I=E2=80=99m_reading?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Books I?m reading via confused
of calcutta by JP on 5/8/10
Maybe I read too much.
People often ask me to share my reading list with them, and yet I
haven?t really done so except in fits and starts. There are a number of
reasons for this. One, I read too much. Two, I haven?t particularly
liked any of the book-sharing websites I?ve been pointed towards.
Three, when I do share the list, I want to do more than just list the
books, I want to say something about each of them. That?s the way I am.
Talking about book-sharing websites, what I?d really like is a
smartphone app that does something like this:
- scans barcode or ISBN number.
- identifies book, gives me chance to confirm and augment the data.
- lets me point the data towards one or more digital places it lets me
set up: my library, borrowed, lent, blog post draft,
amazon/abebooks/others recommendation engines, etc.
- lets me know when authors of books I?ve starred are in the vicinity,
current or planned. e. lets me know who else in my network is reading
the book or related books.
Regular readers will be familiar with my reading style. Around ten
books at a time. Books read at different paces. Books usually a mixture
of fiction and nonfiction, even reference. Some books read more than
So here?s my current list:
- Tainter, Joseph: The Collapse of Complex Societies. 1st reading.
Because Clay Shirky suggested it. Fascinating. Hadn?t really got into
collapse theory before. Think it is very important for anyone who seeks
to understand why companies fail in paradigm shifts.
- Johns, Adrian: Piracy. 2nd reading. Random bookstore buy, never heard
of the author before. Still spitting at the idiocy of the Digital
Economy Act, I owe it to myself to continue to delve into the entire
issue in depth.
- Sankar: Chowringhee 1st reading. Another bookstore purchase, the
illustration on the spine caught my eye. Silhouette of man, umbrella,
bike. Something very Calcutta about the set-up and the lighting. An
enjoyable regression into a Havanaesque Calcutta.
- Leonard, Elmore: Comfort to the Enemy. 2nd reading. Been a Leonard
fan for years. More a dipping into than a reading. The Carl Webster
stories are divine, and this a great triple.
- Eisenstein, Elizabeth: The Printing Revolution in Early Modern
Europe. 5th reading, at least. I try and read and re-read and
re-re-read this book regularly. For me to really understand and
appreciate the nuances of the internet and the web, I need to be
steeped in the learning of print. And it?s a fascinating subject
anyway, one that has significant light to shed on copyright and IPR and
socio-economic implications.
- Zanini de Vita, Oretta: The Encyclopaedia of Pasta. 1st reading.
Amazon recommendation. Trying to read this seminal tome from cover to
cover. I love food, love pasta, and this is a great book for beginners
and experts alike.
- Gawer, Annabelle: Platforms, Markets and Innovation. 1st reading. I
was aware of Prof Gawer?s earlier works, but hadn?t come across this
recent publication. It?s a collection of essays by the great and the
good in the sphere of platforms. Made all the more enjoyable by having
a presentation copy from the author.
- Gambetta, Diego: Codes of the Underworld. 1st reading. Very unusual
book by a very unusual man. Bought via a book review somewhere I can?t
remember. Shame. Fascinating study by someone who really knows his
subject, presents an intriguing set of observations that we can
extrapolate into all kinds of areas of strategic communications.
- Miller, Donald: A Million Miles In A Thousand Years 1st reading.
Loved Blue Like Jazz, was therefore positively inclined for any new
Donald Millers. Urged to buy the book as a result of something Chris
Brogan said, probably on facebook.
- Crawford, Matthew: The Case For Working With Your Hands. 1st reading.
Serendipitous visit to bookstore while waiting for someone or
something. Wonder why I?ve never heard of this guy before, loving the
book. Reading it very slowly as a result. Described as Heidegger and
the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance.
- Dodd, David: The Complete Annotated Grateful Dead Lyrics. 1st
reading, if you can call it that. Amazon recommendation. Didn?t know
when the book had been published, the Dead oeuvre is large enough to
warrant a Harry-Potter-sized book designed to give you wrist strain as
you read. I?m random-dipping into it.
- Perez, Carlota: Technological Revolutions and Financial Capital 9th
reading? Something like that. One more of those books I keep picking up
regularly to learn about the environment we?re in, its causes, the
You will notice I haven?t panned any of the books. You know why? Life?s
too short. If I don?t like a book, the best thing I can do is not to
mention it. If I read four or five hundred books a year, and mention
maybe 30 in the blog, that?s a sign in itself. Why waste energy?
Talking about energy, hope you find the list useful. Tell me what I can
do to improve it.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to confused of calcutta using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-09 03:07:07
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Arrayent: Bringing You The Internet Of Things 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Arrayent: Bringing You The
Internet Of Things via Singularity Hub by Aaron Saenz on 5/6/10
Silicon Valley based Arrayent is finding ways to bring even the
simplest of electronic devices onto the web. When you connect your
household devices to the internet you gain a level of control and
monitoring that creates some cool possibilities. Turn your sprinklers
off and on with your smart phone. Track how much power your TV has used
over the last month. Get a text or email alert when a smoke detector
goes off at your house, even if you?re on the other side of the world.
Arrayent builds the wireless boards, the internet gateways, and the
online services that allow other companies to install this kind of
internet connectivity into their products. They?ve already shipped more
than 100,000 units and a new development kit launched on May 5th is
likely to lead to many more applications being available in the near
future. We don?t know if Arrayent is going to be a major player in
building an internet of things, but they?re off to a pretty good start.
See an application of their technology in the video below.
Arrayent sells the devices and web services that allow other companies
to put their products on the Internet of Things.
As we recently discussed, there are many companies looking for ways to
take a wide range of consumer products and give them an online
presence. This would essentially create an Internet of Things (IoT) ?
an interconnected web of goods that would do many of the same things
people do: post Tweets, send emails, update their status. Those
messages will make these products more useful by letting you interact
with your products wherever you are via your computer or smart phone.
The IoT is going to give physical objects a digital identity, and that
digital identity will let you track, control, and optimize the real
world object. Eventually, these digital identities may become so
helpful that we think of them as more important than the physical
object they are associated with. Is digital data really that essential?
You bet. Watch this following ad from Arrayent to see how a simple
device, a smoke detector, becomes easier to use and more powerful when
added to the Internet of Things. Fair warning, the video is a little
boring, but the idea is exciting:
So a tricked out smoke alarm is pretty cool, but it?s really the
smallest drop in the bucket of what the Internet of Things could
contain. Arrayent knows this, and rather than dreaming up all the
possible ideas for themselves, they are allowing others to develop
their own applications. The Arrayent development kit (now available for
$1900) gives companies a chance to play with their wireless boards,
ethernet gateways, and internet services and find the best way to
integrate them into products. Essentially Arrayent is providing an easy
way of putting a lot of commercial goods on the IoT.
The Monster won an award for innovation at CES 2010. It uses Arrayent
IoT technology to let you track and control the use of electricity for
your home appliances.
Part of what I find promising about the Arrayent components is that
they are really cheap. They typically cost just $5-7 to build. The
internet services Arrayent provides are included in this setup and
consumers won?t have to pay a monthly fee to use these objects.
Conceivably that means you could incorporate IoT capability into almost
anything electronic without raising its price very much. Consumers are
likely to adopt new IoT enabled products if their expense is
competitive. I mean, wouldn?t you pay $10 more to get a DVR you could
remotely control via your smart phone? Well, I think some people
already have that:
As the commercial demonstrates, some of the applications of the IoT are
already here. Arrayent is just trying to let companies produce more.
They?ll provide the hardware to get your electronic device on the net.
Once there, Arrayent also runs a cloud-based server to manage the
internet traffic that arises when your objects start talking. The
Arrayent internet service isn?t really the same as the web humans surf.
Your household objects won?t be Google searching on Chrome. Instead the
data is handled by the Arrayent software and directly sent where it
needs to go. That doesn?t mean that Arrayent?s IoT enabled products
can?t do very web-like things: they helped build a Mattel device that
lets tweens instant message each other while not be exposed to
strangers on the world wide web.
Arrayent's IoT system let Mattel create an instant message toy that
bypasses the traditional internet. That's a very internet-like
application of the IoT.
Arrayent?s wireless board, ethernet gateway, and cloud-based server
provide all the necessary components to put a product on the Internet
of Things. That makes it very enticing for all kinds of electronics
manufacturers to purchase a development kit and create the next
generation of web-enabled goods. We should remember, however, that
Arrayent has a lot of competition. ioBridge sells IoT enabling
hardware, and the list of companies looking to handle the data flow
from objects is growing every day (Pachube, IBM, WideTag,
SenseNetworks, etc). As we said before, it?s much too early for us to
predict which, if any, of these companies will be a driving force
behind developing the IoT. What is becoming clear, however, is that
businesses are starting to see the advantages of taking their goods
online, and consumers will have many more of these products to choose
from in the near future. The Internet of Things is being built one
small piece at a time, but it is growing.
[image credits: Arrayent]
[video credit: Arrayent, Verizon FIOS]
[source: Arrayent Press Release]
Related Posts:
- Building an Internet of Things (video)
- GlowCap Uses Light, Sound, Embarrassment to Get You To Take Your
Pills (video)
- Turn The Side of a Building Into an Arcade with Pinwall (Video)
- The Next Generation of 3D Printer: RepRapII (Video)
- Hospital Orders 100 iPads - Is it the Doctor's Pad of the Future?
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Singularity Hub using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-09 03:09:48
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Data-Driven Life 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Data-Driven Life via
KurzweilAI.net Accelerating Intelligence News on 5/2/10
"Almost imperceptibly, numbers are infiltrating the last redoubts of
the personal," observes writer Gary Wolf. "Sleep, exercise, sex, food,
mood, location, alertness, productivity, even spiritual well-being are
being tracked and measured, shared and displayed. "First, electronic
sensors got smaller and better. Second, people started carrying
powerful computing devices, typically disguised as mobile phones.
Third, social media made it seem normal to share everything. And
fourth, we began to get an inkling of the rise of a global
superintelligence known as the cloud." (Source:
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to KurzweilAI.net Accelerating Intelligence News using
Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-10 08:32:20
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcf_discussion] Supporting The Minister of 
I actually think there is a relatively simple cloud computing answer to this
It would be fairly easy to have a location where a list of valid serial keys
would be deployed.  These could be traded as need be...essentially a token.
False use of a token would block the using system from again using that
software until certain administrative procedures were undertaken within the
cloud.  Double machine use, etc. would constitute false use.
This would be a relatively interesting commons...sort of an open iTunes.
People in the primary and in the after market could then charge whatever
they wanted for a valid key (including no charge)...much as the used book
sale function works on Amazon.com.
This would be simple...easy, voluntary and obviously open to people offering
whatever they want for free.  Once you own a key (which is in essence a
contract)...you own the right to execute code, see code, or whatever a key
entitles you to on the cloud.
The code won't execute without a valid key, etc.  Keys must be renewed
every 7 days by a touch to the cloud that registers an IP address and
machine ID or changes a random number assignment.

@_date: 2010-05-10 12:34:58
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [fcf_discussion] Supporting The Minister of 
Yes.  But the difference is that the contract is cleared through a co-op
rather than being Org to Individual.  Thus, barterning, credits,
non-traditional currencies, etc. all become easily adapted to this.  Perhaps
that is a final state or an intemediate one to things demanded by those who
do not accept or like the idea of IP.

@_date: 2010-05-11 09:23:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the p2p approach utopian? 
I suppose I represent the conservative side which is generally dismissed.  I
do believe humans are "flawed" or, rather, that there is no such thing as
perfection.  I don't think humans can be trusted (to share and be mutually
beneficial on their own) and I do believe law and order are necessary to
shape workable societies of any scale.  Personally, I would define those who
don't think so as "utopian" not as something other than conservative.  I
also think turning mutual greed to common good is a vein of conservatism but
not a very attractive one.  It is the one the left likes as a straw man.
This is conventional Marxism of the modern European political variety.  I
personally will not discuss it.  It is and has been socially irrelevant for
more than generation, in my opinion.  I doubt it will again become relevant,
but I stay tuned hoping to hear new ideas from time to time.  So far, I have
been disappointed.  There is little or no innovation from that sector.
Their "critiques" are typically self-involved and narcissistic (which is
ironical to say the least.)
I suppose what I would reject out of utopian is the idea of "end state."  I
doubt humans have an end state.  There is no perfection.  There is no goal.
We simply wander on evolving to meet changing circumstances.  I doubt
completely that there is any historicisty or some such work to any of
this...that is, I doubt (completely) that there is an end to history...left
or right.
The part of P2P that is decidely utopian is the side that hopes for certain
social institutions--like rural co-ops--as political solutions to the
disempowered poor.
The green vein is important and also slightly utopian in that it makes
assumptions that are convenient rather than scientific.  It assumes we are
on the path of doom rather than looking to organize and affirm that
argument.  I don't disagree with that position, but again, it is a position
that is convenient to a sort of utopianism.
As I have already argued, artificial scarcity is a term that makes
little sense to me as a term or as an idea.  It seems to be anti-realist in
the extreme...almost child-like.  In simplist terms, that which people wish
to be scarce as a society is and can be scarce.  To argue otherwise
is anti-systematic in a way that obviates any hope of dialogical solutions.
So, for as long as people choose "scarcity" of whatever forms, it is not
artificial, but very real and completely natural.  The human/nature
dichotomy is part and parcel of what got us into these messes.
Technical point:  I see no need for these to be "open."  That is a
consistent but not necessary body of thought.
I understand that you argue with the European left because they entertain
such arguments.  But they are totally irrelevant.  P2P is a technology.  It
is a way of achieving desired outcomes.  In that sense it is political.  It
is, so far as I can tell, not ideological.  P2P does not exist because
someone believes certain principles.  It exists because certain modes of
organizing lead to desired outcomes.  Or so say I.
For a modern Marxist, I would think this would be true.  Open is choice
based...it is inherently anti-ideological.
I was with you up to the end of here.  I don't have an end goal, so the
following is...old school.
In fact it doesn't require anything.  It is a logical outcome from where we
find ourselves.  It is not inevitable; it is a possible solution that is
logical.  It isn't historically certain, it is a way we can work together to
solve certain issues we have (e.g. problems in the production and especially
the distribution of intellectual goods and services--possibly even some
commodities, though I doubt it.
Agreed.  But this again is technology, not politics.  It is a how, not a
why.  It must be the communities themselves that grasp why.
Disagree.  I think this is fun, but it is a distraction.  Neo-liberalism is
not an enemy.  It is a mode of technology.  Disliking it is like working to
build word processors because you "dislike" typewriters and the injustices
inherent with them.  It makes no sense.
Actually, this will be the P2P movement's most likely downfall.  What is
needed is enabling of technology...not enabling of passions.  If the
passions are not inherent, the effort will fail.  We don't need "comrades."
We need engineers who build commons because they make social sense given
where humans find themselves...not because it is some sort of counter
That is genius and indeed correct.  I am no one's enemy.  I disagree with
many (if not all) political approaches in one form or another.  What I
personally believe in is the capacity to evolve, change and stigmergize.  I
don't see any historical, political or social drivers necessary beyond
having the basic economic ideas of why co-ops and commons can and do work.

@_date: 2010-05-11 17:42:28
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] on the greek crisis (must-read) 
The good news is that there are now lots of efforts from Ireland to Estonia
that will either end well or badly.  So we will know next time what worked
and what didn't (at least under these circumstances.)
My own view is that taking the hard medicine now is wise.  I predict Ireland
and Latvia, and Estonia will outperform.  When their people return from
abroad, they will come back with investment and know-how.
The only real answer is to be competitive.  Short of that, there will be
pain.  You can certainly abandon the world system, but that has actually
worked far worse than these drastic contractions.   Truth is, devaluing a
local currency would have given a haircut too, just more to the rich than
the poor.  And what would happen?  The rich would leave.  Some thing that's
good, but it isn't.  If the rich leave, they take skills and capital with
them.  All that is left is old fixed expenditures...never very exciting as
the Bolsheviks found out.
It is a dark time.  But there are no simple answers.  The world let
Argentina off relatively lightly.  But no such sympathy will exist for small
nations that produce little of any real value to the rest of the world.  I'd
personally stay with the Euro...and try to get stronger.  If a nation
doesn't do that, they impoverish generations of people.

@_date: 2010-05-12 20:15:33
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Kopernik: Design and Technology Matchmaking for the 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Kopernik: Design and Technology
Matchmaking for the Developing World via Big Think by Maria Popova on
Earlier, we noted the paradox of brilliantly innovative design-for-good
concepts that never materialize into the mass market. Today, we're
turning to a new platform that seeks to battle precisely that:
Kopernik, a new portal that connects innovative designs and
technologies with the communities that need them, microfunding their
execution along the way via donations from ordinary supporters like you.
Co-founded by World Bank and UN Development Fund alums Ewa Wojkowska
and Toshihiro Nakamura, Kopernik seeks to revolutionize the traditional
model of top-down assistance from aid agencies and empower local
organizations to take the fulfillment of their needs in their own hands.
The platform offers a refreshingly straightforward process. First,
tech-seeking local organizations -- which range from the African Centre
for Advocacy and Human Development to Sisari Women Initiative Group to
Action for Child Development Trust -- submit proposals for the designs
and technologies they need, and how they will be implemented to aid
their community. Then, donors browse proposals and choose which ones to
support. Once enough funds to cover the cost of production have been
raised, Kopernik relays the proposal to the technology providers, who
in turn bring it to life and ship it back to the technology-seekers.
Finally, once the technology is implemented, its recipients report on
how it's being used and progress reports get posted on Kopernik for
full transparency and accountability.
The projects being funded are remarkably wide-spanning, from providing
displaced families with LifeStraw for access to clean drinking water,
to granting computer access to local organization staff, to equipping
refugees with self-adjustable glasses, something the pivotal importance
of which we covered last week.
 From solar-powered lanterns twice as bright as kerosene lamps to
rollable water containers that make water portability tremendously more
manageable to online English courses, the products funded through
Kopernik address a wide array of social, economical and health issues
in countries where more traditional solutions, if at all affordable in
the first place, may take years to implement. More importantly, the
platform gives hope for improving quality of life through a
collaborative process and a cross-pollination of design, technology,
commerce and community, rather than the siloed and largely inefficient
model of traditional product development and aid delivery. By making
problem-solving a grassroots process, Kopernik empowers communities to
take ownership of their problems and the respective solutions, which
any social psychologist can attest is essential to long-term progress
and economic development.
Maria Popova is the editor of Brain Pickings, a curated inventory of
miscellaneous interestingness. She writes for Wired UK, GOOD Magazine
and Huffington Post, and spends a shameful amount of time on Twitter.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Big Think using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-15 15:53:24
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Disintermediation: The Disruption to Come for 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Disintermediation: The
Disruption to Come for Education 2.0 via O'Reilly Radar - Insight,
analysis, and research about emerging technologies. by Rob Tucker on
On the largest of scales, we rarely have the luxury of designing
technological systems. Instead, technologies happen to us - our
experience of them being ragged, volatile, turbulent and rife with
unexpected interactions. Tim?s posts about the emerging internet
operating system (here and here) describe a great example of this - the
winner of that particular fight being very much TBD and the factors
determining victory or defeat being themselves the subject of lively
debate. When we talk about Education 2.0, though, we are prone to think
that we can design it - that we can consciously and deliberately lay
the groundwork for its effective implementation. Our deliberation,
though, may be less powerful than the larger forces driving its rapid
evolution. One such force will certainly be disintermediation.
Disintermediation is a process in which a middle player poised between
service or product providers and their consumers is weakened or removed
from the value chain. Disintermediation is driven by the fact that
middle players consume resources and in removing them from the chain,
these resources are recovered to enable either lower cost for the
consumer, better value from the provider, or both. Disintermediation
can be total, in which case a middle player is removed entirely. It can
also be partial, in which case an intermediary is carved up and the
different ways in which they formerly added value are segmented,
replaced, or done away with as circumstances permit. Understanding the
process of disintermediation is critical to understanding the ways in
which Education 2.0 will evolve.
An example of what disintermediation looks like is what happened to
travel agencies. Before the Web, travel agents served as direct points
of contact to facilitate travel arrangements between customers and
service providers (airlines, hotels, rental car agencies, etc.) . In
1980, for example, a travel agent might meet with a family who wanted
to travel to Europe. The agent contacted TWA, arranged for lodging and
tour bus service within the European vacation, served as a vendor for
?traveler's checks? and provided a ?one stop shop? for the traveling
family. The value proposition for the travel agent was that he or she
was the retail outlet for knowledge about travel - in this case
European travel. Dealing with the producers of this knowledge (the
Airlines, French Hotels and the Italian tour bus service, for example)
was cumbersome and required significant subject-matter expertise.
Disintermediation of travel agencies occurred in two distinct phases:
an initial phase in which technology enabled travel agents to do their
job better and a ?terminal? phase in which these same agencies were
disintermediated. Phase one of the process began with the shift to
computerized reservation systems within the service providers -
American Airlines and their Sabre system, for example. This was
initially greeted by travel agents as a positive development. Sabre
made their jobs easier - they could help more clients faster and with
more comprehensive service. As the Web matured, though, services like
Expedia, Travelocity, Hotwire and Priceline.com, allowed the end user -
the consumer - to make travel arrangements directly and with far
greater transparency regarding price and available services than the
travel agents had been able to provide. First the savviest of the
travelers, the ?road warriors? who flew hundreds of thousands of miles
a year, but soon ?mom and pops,? came to use the electronic services
instead of their local travel agent. In a single decade, the number of
US travel agents declined by 45%.
The lessons of this example apply rather directly to Education 2.0.
Teachers, schools, and districts occupy ground not too different than
the travel agents of 1998. Specifically, the value proposition of the
current educational system is that it understands the landscape of
human knowledge and that it can plan and enable the exploration of this
landscape in a way that is cost and time effective. Learning is
educational travel.
But we now see the rapid development of Web 2.0, with devices like this:
and an application environment that will do for the landscape of human
knowledge what Expedia did for physical travel - organize it,
connecting the consumers of information directly with the information
itself - classic disintermediation. We don?t know who the Travelocity
of human knowledge will be, the Priceline.com of learning. Google is
obviously the player to beat. Niche players will abound, though, -
specialists in particular kinds of ?intellectual travel?, for
particular age groups or particular subjects.
How deep could this disintermediation go? Deeper than we would expect.
If we take the primary function of school to be the dissemination of
knowledge, the disintermediation could be near total. As a thought
experiment we can imagine the following: The student?s experience may
be ad hoc and fluid - with constantly shifting and boundary-less
?classes.? It may be much more spontaneous and self-organizing - and
all the more engaging for its voluntary essence. We may see the
emergence of services that check a student?s progress against
algorithms of likely educational success - simple AI versions of the
20th century guidance counselor. There may be tests that check for
subject progress or mastery that any student is free to take whenever
they are ready - no need to wait for ?test day.? Self-paced,
self-directed, self-driven. There may be constant and direct input from
industry and Gov 2.0 about what students need to know: If it looks like
there?s a glut of chemical engineers coming up, for example, students
might be advised to shift to a track more consistent with electrical
engineering. They might get this information right about the time
they're learning to ride a bike. There will always be physical schools
- students need to go somewhere during the day to enable the engine of
modern economic progress: two parents working. But these schools will
evolve into things that look more like civic centers - hubs for
community involvement and rich relationship-building, augmented by more
spontaneous micro-communities that span the globe, forming and bursting
like soap bubbles. None of these things are certain. What is certain is
that disintermediation rarely has a delicate touch. It will change the
way we teach and change the way we learn in the decade and decades
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to O'Reilly Radar - Insight, analysis, and research about
emerging technologies. using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-18 19:40:51
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Job Losses and Productivity 
Once again...the same thesis...appearing in a different place.
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Job Losses and Productivity via
The Bonddad Blog by bonddad on 5/17/10
On May 11 I wrote the following:
Personally, I think what has happened over the Great Recession is jobs
that would have disappeared by natural attrition over a period of say
5-10 years were accelerated out of existence by the recession. For
example, a manufacturer was thinking, "I'll continue to move in the
area of automation at a slow rate." But then the recession hit and he
said, "no time like the present to at least start getting rid of
The next day, a NY Times article observed:
For the last two years, the weak economy has provided an opportunity
for employers to do what they would have done anyway: dismiss millions
of people ? like file clerks, ticket agents and autoworkers ? who were
displaced by technological advances and international trade.
The phasing out of these positions might have been accomplished through
less painful means like attrition, buyouts or more incremental layoffs.
But because of the recession, winter came early.
This is a central problem to the long-term unemployment the country is
facing. Consider this:
Ms. Norton is one of 1.7 million Americans who were employed in
clerical and administrative positions when the recession began, but
were no longer working in that occupation by the end of last year.
There have also been outsize job losses in other occupation categories
that seem unlikely to be revived during the economic recovery. The
number of printing machine operators, for example, was nearly halved
from the fourth quarter of 2007 to the fourth quarter of 2009. The
number of people employed as travel agents fell by 40 percent.
This ?creative destruction? in the job market can benefit the economy.
Pruning relatively less-efficient employees like clerks and travel
agents, whose work can be done more cheaply by computers or workers
abroad, makes American businesses more efficient. Year over year,
productivity growth was at its highest level in over 50 years last
quarter, pushing corporate profits to record highs and helping the
economy grow.
But a huge group of people are being left out of the party.
Millions of workers who have already been unemployed for months, if not
years, will most likely remain that way even as the overall job market
continues to improve, economists say. The occupations they worked in,
and the skills they currently possess, are never coming back in style.
And the demand for new types of skills moves a lot more quickly than
workers ? especially older and less mobile workers ? are able to
retrain and gain those skills.
There is no easy policy solution for helping the people left behind.
The usual unemployment measures ? like jobless benefits and food stamps
? can serve as temporary palliatives, but they cannot make workers?
skills relevant again.
I've covered one big reason for this problem: educational achievement.
The data indicates that higher educational levels leads to higher wages
and lower rates of unemployment.
But consider this chart, which is a 10-year chart of output per hour in
logarithmic scale:
Output per hour increased during the great recession, indicating that
productivity increased. Simply put, despite a massive drop in
employment, the amount of work done increased, telling business they
could indeed get by with less. That means the from a business owners
perspective, the massive cut in payrolls was a good thing, as it
lowered their fixed costs (by lowering payroll expenses which are
usually some of the largest a company faces) but didn't hurt overall
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Bonddad Blog using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-18 20:06:44
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?Screw_the_Apocaholics_--_The_Optimists?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Screw the Apocaholics -- The
Optimists? Case via Paul Kedrosky's Infectious Greed by pk on 5/18/10
The NYT has a review/summary of Matt Ridley?s latest, ?The Rational
Optimist?. Worth a read in its entirely, but here are some excerpts
from the John Tierney piece:
?Forget wars, religions, famines and poems for the moment,? Dr. Ridley
writes. ?This is history?s greatest theme: the metastasis of exchange,
specialization and the invention it has called forth, the ?creation? of
?In ancient Babylon, it took more than 50 hours to pay for [an hour of
reading] light from a sesame-oil lamp. In 1800, it took more than six
hours of work to pay for it from a tallow candle. Today, thanks to the
countless specialists producing electricity and compact fluorescent
bulbs, it takes less than a second.
? ?Empires bought stability at the price of creating a parasitic court;
monotheistic religions bought social cohesion at the expense of a
parasitic priestly class; nationalism bought power at the expense of a
parasitic military; socialism bought equality at the price of a
parasitic bureaucracy; capitalism bought efficiency at the price of
parasitic financiers.?
Progress this century could be impeded by politics, wars, plagues or
climate change, but Dr. Ridley argues that, as usual, the ?apocaholics?
are overstating the risks and underestimating innovative responses.
?The modern world is a history of ideas meeting, mixing, mating and
mutating,? Dr. Ridley writes. ?And the reason that economic growth has
accelerated so in the past two centuries is down to the fact that ideas
have been mixing more than ever before.?
? But with new hubs of innovation emerging elsewhere, and with ideas
spreading faster than ever on the Internet, Dr. Ridley expects
bottom-up innovators to prevail. His prediction for the rest of the
century: ?Prosperity spreads, technology progresses, poverty declines,
disease retreats, fecundity falls, happiness increases, violence
atrophies, freedom grows, knowledge flourishes, the environment
improves and wilderness expands.?
More here.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Paul Kedrosky's Infectious Greed using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-18 21:50:59
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Job Losses and Productivity 
I personally think one of the areas of greatest unemployment will be
education.  Schools are hopeless obsolete.  They are, in most rural places,
the largest employers by far.  It is an equation that makes no sense as
governments run out of money.  Why have teacher intensive schools in rural
places?  It's not that I'm against them; I'm not.  They're simply obsolete.
It is a matter of time.  People will fight it, and they'll lose.  It's like
farming.  Same outcome.
The world is moving to urban cores at an extreme rate now.  Birth rates are
dropping.  Work is becoming intensive, 24 hour and service oriented.
Increasingly, people get paid for things they find hard to describe to
others.  Jobs are non-standard and standard is automated.  Even traditional
jobs (e.g. nursing) become highly unorthodox (e.g. Nurse Jackie on HBO).  So
many people here have invented unusual niches to pay the bills.  That will
continue.  Those who cannot innovate will, sadly, be very poor.   How
society copes with those very poor will define the future.

@_date: 2010-05-19 09:47:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Job Losses and Productivity 
My own view is that civil society and private funding are essential elements
to large scale success.  This is very hard.  People have it in their minds
that they will "appropriate" funds from others.  So long as that confictive
foundation underpins most governmental actions, I believe governmental
reforms are unlikely to succeed and highly likely to fail.  That is, of
course, my own opinion.

@_date: 2010-05-19 10:30:49
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Job Losses and Productivity 
Hi Michel:
Sorry you are having these intrigues with our Greek friends.  Sounds like
typical research funding issues to me, but alas, politics is everywhere.
The real global issue now is sovereign debt.  How governments use funds is
the crux.  Regardless of how those funds have been used in past (for war,
for paying old people, for paying doctors, or for bailing out banks), for
most nations, we are at the end of the rope.  There is not future in more
debt.  Therefore priorities need readjusting.  Schools will not be a
priority.  First, the payback is not clear.  Second, they are hopelessly
labour intensive for no good reason.  Computers can replace much if not most
of it (I prefer Tony Bates' and Stephen Downes' arguments as my surrogates.)
Regardless, the issue is labour and debt.  Employment cannot increase
without market capacity.  Therefore, real wages are frozen, unemployment
is rising, and traditional Keynesian stimulus is only adding to debts.
There is now some evidence that the US has broken this cycle (it seems ahead
of where Europe finds itself.)   But the politics are easier in the US where
socialism is less entrenched.  Europe, I must say, appears to be in a
very bad way...particularly the so called PIIGS.  (Portugal, Ireland,
Italy, Greece and Spain.)  But France and some of the Nordic countries are
not that far behind.  The UK as well.  It looks grave.
The real question is what China does.  If China starts to consume, then
Europe might be saved.  That seems unlikely.  China wants the US to go
greater into debt so it can sustain its foreign currency funded growth.
That too seems unlikely.  The net of all this is that capitalism, for the
most part, will remain stegnant (especially in Europe) for a generation.  If
that is true, Asia will grow, Europe will become poorer, and global
environmental crises will worsen.  That is the outcome I predict.
Regardless, it will be a terrible time to be poor.  That's what makes
deploying co-ops all the more vital.
I am very sorry, by the way, for what is happening in your adopted land.  I
don't see any good outcomes emerging.  Sadly, it seems civil war is likely.

@_date: 2010-05-19 10:56:06
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Job Losses and Productivity 
Hi Michel,
I doubt there is any sovereign credit left for most nations.  Even those
with low national debts (e.g. Canada and Norway) have exceedingly high
consumer debt loads.  Two countries looking relatively good long term are
Russia and Brazil.  Both are politically unstable (comparatively) but
economically promising.  Politics is relatively easy to fix.
I want to say very specifically (and i work for a Ministry of Education)
that education is NOT a priority.  It is a long-term payback and the systems
do not now produce a "product" that the markets want to consume. That is,
schools don't work.  There is no good evidence they do work.  Organizations
like Don Bosco in India are doing far better than many schools.  TVET is the
answer.  And TVET could be done through co-ops better than in schools.
Literacy is falling even with intensive school investment.  Cuba has very
high literacy, what does it gain them?  Are they happy?  Are they free?  Are
they satisfied?  If so, why do they continuously try to leave?
What is needed is low debt, high investment in innovation, and lots of
skills.  The best models for that now are the BRICS and the US.  Much as I
wish I could sign on to the traditional liberal model of being
pro-government, pro-public schools, pro-debt, it's over.  It is simply
over.  The sooner the left accepts that and finds a new way, the sooner the
world will be a better place before it is wrecked utterly by the right.

@_date: 2010-05-19 11:16:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Job Losses and Productivity 
Hi Maria:
I believe it is easier to fix governments because those political moves can
happen rapidly and decisively.  That is not true of an economy which is like
a garden...it must be grown over time.
Russia is technologically savvy, has an educated diaspora that wants to be
back, and ultimately is a powerful and world-class culture.  China has yet
to develop a modern culture the world envies.  It imports tech from Japan
and consumption from the U.S. and Europe.  It is not yet its own thing.
Brazil has its own music and literature.  It has a way of life.  The
problems of crime, mafias and poor health are Victorian.  The US and Britain
had them as well as they became empires.  So too will Brazil, India, China
and Russia have to have their bouts of neo-Victorian urbanism...broken
cities, abused poor people, high pollution, and corrupt politics.  It is a
stage of development.  I think Russia is almost out of it...moving into the
depressions that will purify the nation and turn it back to "traditional"
values...sort of a neo-Tolstoy era.  What is needed is a stable upper class
gentry that can establish "the rules."  Ideally that gentry would be a
techno-intelligencia like it is now in the US (Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, etc.)
or like it is in the Nordic countries.

@_date: 2010-05-19 11:35:52
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Job Losses and Productivity 
Hi Michel:
I'm not sure what "education" is.  I doubt it leads to happiness.  I doubt
it leads to wealth.  I doubt it leads to good citizens.  It correlates best
with wealth.  But most of it is wasted and silly.  The entire university
system of the West is now more wasteful in my view than it is productive.
It is more broken than the states that support it.
Regardless, it is rapidly becoming software.  There is simply no arguing
that Rosetta Stone teaches students languages better than classes.  If that
is true, how long is it before we have Rosetta Algebra, etc.  And at that
point, what do we need with the little red brick buildings and the pleasant
27 year old young ladies who hold hands and wipe noses?  Morever, what do we
need with the professors whose "research" helps no one live longer, better
or wiser?  People who believe they are owed the right to think what they
want and write what they want on the public's dime.  Why?  For whom?  It has
become silly.  It is a matter of time, whether you or I like it or not.  It
is dying and will die in the next 30-50 years totally.  I have talked with
enough leaders from the field to know this is true.  They know it.  Now we
must prepare for it.  For profit universities in the US are crushing the
state schools in terms of enrollment and use of technology.  Soon it will
reach a tipping point.  Europe will follow.  Contemplating the Frankfurt
School is a luxury for the rich...not a national necessity.  What nations
like India and China need is people who read Make Magazine and who build low
cost or free software and bicycles from open source machines.  You don't get
that by training philosophers and poets.
As to debt, inflation doesn't restart the clock.  It destroys the clock.
Once it is destroyed, there will be poverty and misery (for the poor) unlike
anything yet known.  It is very likely the poor will simply be slaughtered.
They cannot defend themselves (we will sadly soon see this in Thailand) and
they cannot appeal to world outrage (there isn't any.)   Whatever
neo-liberalism is, I hope it is orderly financial markets, jobs, and free
trade of innovative goods and services.  That is what we need.  The old left
is dead.  Long live the new left...libertarian, anti-state, co-op intensive,
civil society supporting, and willing to earn and trade with a moral sense.

@_date: 2010-05-19 12:04:25
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Job Losses and Productivity 
Education as you mean it is a luxury that we should cherish.  It is not
something that is a matter of course.  People must want music and poetry.
They must dream of it.  Those dreams do not come from walking to a room when
a bell rings.  Wikipedia feeds millions of minds every day.  The purpose of
schools is to rank order children so they can be processed for social
status.  That is the reality.  The sooner we are rid of it, the sooner we
will have more creativity, more productivity, and more dreams.  MHO.

@_date: 2010-05-19 19:22:10
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Investing in the Poor 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Investing in the Poor via
Marginal Revolution by Alex Tabarrok on 5/19/10
The Unincorporated Man is a science fiction novel in which shares of
each person's income stream can be bought and sold. (Initial ownership
rights are person 75%, parents 20%, government 5%--there are no other
taxes--and people typically sell shares to finance education and other
The hero, Justin Cord a recently unfrozen business person from our
time, opposes incorporation but has no good arguments against the
system; instead he rants on about "liberty" and how bad the idea of
owning and being owned makes him feel. The villain, in contrast, offers
reasoned arguments in favor of the system. In this scene he asks Cord
to remember the starving poor of Cord's time and how incorporation
would have been a vast improvement:
"What if," answered Hektor, without missing a beat, "instead of giving
two, three, four dollars a month for a charity's sake, you gave ten
dollars a month for a 5 percent share of that kid's future earnings?
And you, of course, get nothing if the kid dies. Now you have a real
interest in making sure that kid got that pair of shoes you sent. Now
it's in your interest to find out if he's going to school and learning
to read and write. Now maybe you'll send him that box of old clothes
you were thinking of throwing away. Under your system you write a check
and forget about the kid, who'll probably starve anyway. Under our
system, you're locked into him.
...the real benefit comes about when those 'evil, selfish, horrible
corporations' get involved. How long will it take for a business to
realize that there's a huge profit to be made in those hundreds of
millions of starving children?...Imagine a world where a bank gives a
loan to a corporation to build a school, hospital or dormitory. Not
because its the right thing to do; who cares! They'd do it because it's
the profitable thing to do. And because of that, my system, not in
spite of greed and corruption and incorporation, but because of it,
will work better than yours in any time period with any technology you
So who do you stand with, JC or Hektor?
Hat tip to Robin Hanson for lending me the book and from whom I cribbed
the description of ownership rights. Hanson offers other thoughts on
the novel. And here are earlier comments from Reihan Salam.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Marginal Revolution using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-19 20:20:45
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Plan B - Skip College - NYTimes.com 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Plan B - Skip College -
NYTimes.com via  on 5/16/10
A group of economists argue that it?s time to develop alternatives for
students unlikely to succeed in pursuing a higher degree, or who may
not be ready to do so.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to  using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-20 20:25:25
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Betterness Manifesto 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Betterness Manifesto via
Umair Haque by Umair Haque on 5/20/10
So you want to build a better 21st century. But how? That's what many
of you have been asking me on Twitter and elsewhere.
We can feel it, I suspect, most of us, deep in our gut. Bailouts,
global debt crisis, fourth estate destroyed, nature ravaged, future
stolen. Welcome to the roaring teens.
Unless we do something about it, there won't be much of a tomorrow.
Here's the score. The global economy faces a series of tectonic
structural shifts. The great gears of this vast machine must be reset
over the next decade. Consumption must fall. Savings must rise.
Investment must be more productive. Incomes and wealth must be shared
more broadly. Borrowing from tomorrow must slow. The rate at which we
value the future must grow. Growth itself must be revitalized.
Think of it as a great reboot of prosperity itself. How will it happen?
Who will reset these great gears? Institutions are the "dials" that
tune the gears, that set the rates. Exurbs, corporations, arms-length
exchanges, industries, resources, "profit", and "GDP". All that's the
stuff of the industrial era. Yet those are the institutions that still
surround us today. A better kind of prosperity demands a new set of
institutions. New kinds of cities, companies, communities, markets,
capital, contracts, growth (to name just a few).
It's up to each of us to build them. Want betterness? Betterness
doesn't begin with Ben Bernanke, Lloyd Blankfein, or Anderson Cooper.
It begins with you. Creating a better 21st century means choosing to
stop living in the 20th century.
So what can you do? Here are eight ways to kick start betterness:
Invest. More specifically, stop investing in corporations that don't do
good. Put your money where your mouth is and support companies that
are, yes, profitable, but that profit by doing meaningful stuff that
matters the most. Stop investing in bad, start investing in good. The
key word here isn't good, it's investing: take an interest, engage, put
your money to work for the long haul. Stop speculating by the Jim
Cramer style nano-second.
Allocate. It's a mystery why so many keep their money parked in big
banks that bleed them dry through bailouts. Move your money to a better
bank, a local bank, a community bank, a bank that hasn't needed a
bailout, or a totally new kind of bank, like BankSimple. Switching
costs are low and the benefits are clear.
Cut. "Consume" less. Do you really need another pair of designer jeans,
three soy mocha Frappuccinos a day, or a bigger TV? Really? Betterness
happens not through naked, aggressive consumption of disposable,
mass-produced stuff, but by learning to spend your hard-earned cash on
smaller amounts of awesome stuff that's made with love, ethics, and
Work. You're worth something. Stop giving your talent away to
organizations that misallocate it, underutilize it, and possibly even
abuse it. If you're doing something meaningless, quit. Betterness can't
happen if you're spending your life churning out toxic junk. It can
only happen when more meaningful work is done. Find a company that's
better. Better yet, start one. No, it's not easy. But here's the thing:
over the next decade, the businesses that can't do better, the ones
you're giving your talent away to, are to go extinct anyway. Cut the
cord now, before the axe falls and cuts it for you.
Live. If you're living somewhere meaningless, move. Exurban sprawl,
mega-highways, big-box stores: that was the American Dream in the 20th
century. In the 21st, it's closer to the awesome Richard Florida's
dream of thriving, tightly-connected communities, that make up vibrant
cities. Living somewhere where you're forced to, like it's groundhog
day, hit the same old big, lame, toxic businesses, over and over again?
Those places and spaces were built to support an industrial economy.
Today, they're a barrier to letting it crumble and fall. Move somewhere
where there's a local community made up of passionate, talented people,
a community you can nurture and that nurtures you. It just might be
good for your soul.
Civilize. The Dark Mountain folks think the big problem in the world
today is civilization and that we need to get radically uncivilized. I
think the the opposite: we need to get re-civilized. We've forgotten
what civics means. Join civil society. Become a volunteer. Mentor
someone. Get involved with a local non-profit. Do something that has,
in the parlance of economists, positive externalities: an activity that
benefits others more than it benefits you. The basis of civilization is
not naked self-interest, it's shared interest.
Support. Support what you think matters. Want a thriving democracy? Buy
a newspaper. Want haute couture? Stop buying fast fashion. Want green
energy? Invest in going off-grid. Every choice you make with your
money, time, and effort reflects your true support for betterness.
Reflect. The 20th century was built never to allow room for reflection,
only work. Take time out, no matter what. Pick a favourite place, a
caf?, restaurant, park, or avenue. Hang out and reflect. What would
betterness mean in your life? How are you helping betterness happen?
How could you help betterness happen? Without time to reflect on those
questions, and explore and refine your own answers, none of the above
can happen.
None of this is easy. And no, it won't magically create a paradise
overnight, or possibly ever. These aren't the only paths to betterness,
or even the best ones. This is just a blog post. Here's the point. It
is only by accepting the hard truth of personal responsibility for
yesterday that each of us can begin to create a better tomorrow.
Institutions are emergent: born from the bottom up, they suddenly catch
fire, and then transform the fabric of economies. It's through small
changes massively distributed, like those above, that 21st century
institutions are most likely to spark and ignite a great reboot. Call
it a new American Dream. Its details aren't visible yet, but it's
outline looms large. It's about a more meaningful prosperity, that
matters in human terms, and it is institutions to support and nurture
meaningful work, play, and living, that the 21st century demands.
Real change doesn't begin with governments, presidents, or prime
ministers. It begins with each of us. In the 20th century, never-ending
mass-marketing, monopoly, and mega-politics came together to convince
us, each and every one, that we're not really free: just free enough to
choose between different flavors of the same old toxic junk. It was a
trick, a ploy, a television hallucination. We're the freest people in
history. It's time to use it like we meant it.
Every revolution begins from the bottom up. Fed up with the status quo?
Tired of the 20th century? Then don't just talk about it. Reject it and
refuse it. Build a better 21st century instead.
One of history's greatest builders once said: "be the change you want
to see in the world". Let me update Gandhi's wisdom for the next
decade. Want a revolution? Be the revolution you want to see in the
Note: This is my opinion. You're more than welcome to disagree. If
you'd like to, be polite and add to the discussion by letting us know
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Umair Haque using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-21 09:36:18
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance economics book 
I hope it isn't just me who notes the irony that the book costs 99 USD.

@_date: 2010-05-21 09:43:21
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance economics book 
I'm sure it is a profound critique...and he will be willing to share just
after everyone else does.  That is, the "vanguard of the sharing theorists"
cannot be held to the same low standards...as the masses.

@_date: 2010-05-21 10:40:11
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance economics book 
Hi Michel,
Perhaps the benefit of the doubt is warranted.  He can quite easily donate
his earnings to a commons if that is the case and make a note of that at the
book's web page.  Or, he can make the book public domain when his costs are
It simply strikes me as typical of the academy.  All talk, no walk.

@_date: 2010-05-21 16:40:56
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] RedBlueCNC: A modular CNC 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: RedBlueCNC: A modular CNC via
MAKE Magazine by John Baichtal on 5/20/10
MAKE subscriber Nick Santillan of Vancouver, BC, an ID student at the
Emily Carr University of Art & Design, created this CNC for his thesis
I decided to tackle on making CNC machine by allowing people to be more
experimental with them to progress CNC technology from the bottom-up.
The end result is a prototype that is completely modular; users can
rearrange the CNC in a few minutes to specifically suit the tasks. So a
desktop CNC that can engrave below the surface can be transformed into
a wall-plotter in a few minutes using only 1 wrench. Also it can
transform into a wheeled-cart for ease of transportation. This allows
DIY hobbyists to concentrate on new tool-head development without them
having to learn how CNC mechanics works.
I created a blog that goes through my entire year-long process, and
will continue updating it when I experiment with it. I currently have a
Makerbot plastruder, though have not have the time to install it yet.
The prototype is a fully functional 3 axis CNC (with a 4th axis lathe
not yet shown), with a little fine-tuning I should have a video of it
in action hopefully by the end of the month. Read more | Permalink |
Comments | Read more articles in Toolbox | Digg this!
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to MAKE Magazine using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-24 09:33:42
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P pharmaceuticals and fuels? 
As I mentioned to Jamais Cascio, the fear about this surprises me at one
level...disappoints me at another.
It definitely suggests backyard biology and economic revolutions on the
scale of IT/Personal computers.  I'm encouraging my sons to think that way
right now.  It is amazing how wide open the field is.  It seems unappealing
at first, like coding in an assembler code, but the rewards are staggering
and I suspect it is a matter of time before there are "higher level"
languages.  Some recent evidence suggests we should not move too fast to
high level languages in biology, however as much is lost in aggregation in
terms of resilience.
My suspicion is that we have just witnessed one of the real turning points
in the history of our species, and the press barely noticed and the
blogosphere mostly whined about it.

@_date: 2010-05-24 09:46:07
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
Hi Michel:
Here is a profound statistic I read this weekend: 50% of French nationals
over 50 do not work for a living and are on some form of pension--usually
from the government.  In an age where people live to be 80 regularly, how
can such a system work?

@_date: 2010-05-24 14:20:41
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
I am reading a good book now by Matt Ridley called the Rational Optimist.
He points out that doom and gloom about the future is an old sport that
rarely if ever plays out to be true or useful.  The reality he claims is
that things are getting wildly better rapidly, and will get wildly better
still.  Whether or not he is ultimately correct or not is, I suppose, in the
eye of the beholder.  He makes compelling arguments to my mind.
I recommend it for anyone who wants to pay his publisher 26.50 rather than
99.95 to the publisher of the book on abundance for all.

@_date: 2010-05-24 14:53:10
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
Yep.  Been following him longer than I've followed John Robb.  He's a
polymath genius...
On Mon, May 24, 2010 at 2:44 PM, j.martin.pedersen <

@_date: 2010-05-24 15:09:24
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
No I read it completely.  Do you know the story?  He was the one person who
acted honourably in the whole affair and almost single handedly stopped the
banking crisis when Northern Rock fell.  By the way, he immediately resigned
when he was criticized by the state.  He was non-executive and still waded
in up to his neck to save the firm and the system.
In addition to that, he's written two or three books on the evolution of
cultural and social norms that top biologists I know regularly pass on to
their graduate students.
He is an economic and social conservative to be sure.  Many of his ideas and
arguments are outlandish and unsupportable (he was, for instance, an early
defender of Bjorn Lomborg.)
Intellectually, he's remarkably courageous, he's shown himself to be a man
of convictions and swift action, and is unafraid of offending those on "his
side."  As a conservative, he is an outspoken atheist often seen speaking
beside and in support of Richard Dawkins.
Try him out, I think you'll be favourably impressed.
On Mon, May 24, 2010 at 2:57 PM, j.martin.pedersen <

@_date: 2010-05-24 18:26:33
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
I rather like the Cybernet book chaps I scanned.  Good argument.  Very h+.
 Personally I am increasingly in the Michael Anissimov camp and find the
Dale Carrico's tedious and typically wrong.  I am very pro technology as the
salvation of anything worth living for.  I am very against ideals.  I am
pro-science, anti metaphysical in the extreme.  I tend to believe
metaphysics has been the most profound evil visited on the planet--with the
possible exception of Marxism and other forms of naive metaphysical
As to Tiqqan in general, it sounds rather 1980s, but I don't know enough
about it.  When I hear all that sort of post-structuralist rubbish I sort of
lose hope.  It reminds me of smart people wasting their lives trying to be
clever.  Personally, I admire useful.  Clever or enlightened...not so much.
In terms of Tiqqan as a vehicle of faith...kabbalism is no more absurd than
any other superstition...nor any less so.  If I could find one I could buy
into, I probably would do so.  It makes aches and pains and the thought of
death a bit more tolerable, I suppose.
Spiritualism to me is, like socialism, and maybe like capitalism (though not
markets) a great idea in decline.  It fulfilled a period of usefulness in
human history that appears, to me, to be ending.
On Mon, May 24, 2010 at 4:54 PM, j.martin.pedersen <

@_date: 2010-05-25 00:37:44
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?utf-8?q?The_Future=E2=80=99s_So_Bright_I_Gotta_S?= 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Future?s So Bright I Gotta
Sell Healthcare Services via Paul Kedrosky's Infectious Greed by pk on
The percentage of U.S. GDP accounted for by the service sector over
time. Check, in particular, the ascension to dominance of this venture
capital investment in ourselves that we call healthcare.
[via Early Warning]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Paul Kedrosky's Infectious Greed using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-25 01:14:31
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Review: Rational Optimist 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Review: Rational Optimist via
Overcoming Bias by Robin Hanson on 5/22/10
On Thursday Matt Ridley presented his new book The Rational Optimist at
CATO, and I commented (vid available). Here?s roughly what I said:
The formula for a successful popular non-fiction book these days is a
sandwich: meat between bread slices. The bread is a general thesis that
can be explained in a paragraph, with both a normative part to let
readers take sides, and a positive part to let readers display
sophistication. The meat is 400 pages of entertaining and
vaguely-related but mostly unnecessary detail. Most readers would be
overwhelmed if all this material were actually required to understand
the thesis, but would also be insulted by a 40 page book.
Ridley achieves this formula well, and his meat is unusually dense and
informative; I learned lots. But since reviews are supposed to focus on
the bread, so let?s go there.
Ridley?s positive thesis is that specialization and trade among
non-relatives was the key driver of innovation that let humans advance
far beyond other animals. We have good evidence of trade over 100 mile
distances about 80,000 years ago, and it may go back much further. I
completely agree with Matt here; trade was a key. And since people tend
to think that whatever made humans unique must be great, since we
humans are of course great, this should lead folks to think trade is
Ridley attributes the farming and industry growth speedups to humans
recruiting more living species via domestication, and then recruiting
dead species via fossil fuels. I instead attribute those speedups to
percolation transitions that increased network scales, first for trade
and then for expert talk.
Ridley?s normative thesis is optimism, that things have long been
getting better, and this will long continue. While I mostly agree,
Ridley overstates his case. For example:
Knowledge ? is genuinely limitless. There is not even a theoretical
possibility of exhausting the supply of ideas, discoveries, and
inventions. This is the biggest cause of all for my optimism. ? The
combinatorial vastness of the universe of possible ideas dwarfs the
puny universe of physical things. (p.276)
Well possibilities may be inexhaustible, but their value is not. Within
a million years we?ll find pretty much all combos that give value to
creatures like us, and for trillions of years thereafter they?ll be
little net gain. Balking at paying large costs to avoid small risks of
climate change catastrophe, Ridley says:
The trouble with this reasoning is that it applies to all risks, not
just climate change ?. Why are we not spending large sums stockpiling
food caches in cities so that people can survive the risks from North
Korean missiles, rogue robots, alien invaders, nuclear war, pandemics,
super-volcanos? (p. 333)
But we should spend such sums. Just as we get more careful with our
kids as we live longer, the more optimistic we are about our long term
future, the more we should spend now to safeguard it.
Ridley is also too tempted to conflate optimism about the total power
of our civilization with about optimism about individual quality of
life. While he accepts that totalitarian governments have at times
reduced quality of life, and may do so again, he doesn?t directly
acknowledge that farming reduced life quality, via wars, slavery,
nutrition constraints, etc. And I envision that, within a century or
so, new em tech will allow far more rapid population growth, reducing
per capita wealth.
Overall though, Ridley is right: optimism is rational, even if uncool.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Overcoming Bias using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-25 01:24:40
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Singularity &gt; Climate Change &gt; Peak Oil &gt; 
That same argument keeps being rewritten over and over again...
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Singularity > Climate Change >
Peak Oil > Financial Crisis via Early Warning by Stuart Staniford on
While lying awake late at night worrying about what kind of world my
children will inherit, I find it helpful to come up with schemas for
the most obvious and inevitable of the large societal problems. It
makes them seem slightly more manageable to place them in order of
importance, or time. Further, being clear on what are the biggest and
most important problems is an essential prerequisite to thinking about
solutions: these problems all interact, and solutions to the smaller of
them may not be radical enough to address the larger of them.
In this post, I would like to argue for the above ordering of problems.
I mean the '>' symbol in two senses: "A > B" meaning both "The main
impact of A will fall later in time than the main impact of B", and
also "A is a more serious and fundamental threat to humanity than B".
While a full explication of the arguments would occupy a number of
books, today you are going to have to make do with a single measly blog
post, albeit longer than usual.
Peak Oil > Financial Crisis
I think it's indisputable that we are in the middle of the financial
crisis right now. We had the main private sector crisis in 2008, now we
are finding out which sovereign governments are going to end up needing
to default, and perhaps that will induce a second wave of private
sector defaults. By contrast, I think the arguments for a very
near-term peak in oil supply have started to look quite weak. Firstly,
work on the expansion of Iraqi oil supply continues apace. But even if
Iraqi production couldn't expand much, it's likely the 2008 peak of oil
supply will be exceeded.
However, I've never been able to get too terribly excited about the
financial crisis as a massive long-term threat to humanity. At the end
of the day, debt is not a physical quantity. The fact that humanity,
collectively, has written too many debt instruments means that we have
been too optimistic about the future, and created more promises than
can be actually serviced. However, that doesn't create any fundamental
physical constraint on our activities: it just means that the excessive
promises need to be renegotiated to be more in line with the our actual
future capabilities. This process will be painful and difficult in the
short term, but I can't see how it poses any fundamental difficulty to
the continued operation of civilization. There have been financial
crises and sovereign debt defaults for many centuries, and we have
survived them: we will very likely survive this one too.
By contrast, peak oil, when it does come, represents a significant
physical constraint, and will require a large scale transformation of a
number of important infrastructure elements, one way or another, over
the course of a few decades. It's also an unprecedented situation -
nobody has written papers about the many previous oil peaks over the
centuries. Since infrastructures like transportation are critical to
the operation of society, if we were to blow the handling of peak oil,
it could be quite dangerous.
Thus I argue that peak oil is both probably later than the financial
crisis, but ultimately more important and threatening.
Climate Change > Peak Oil
At the same time, I don't believe peak oil by itself is really a mortal
threat, unless we seriously mishandle it. Fundamentally, our society is
so wealthy and creates such a large economic surplus relative to our
actual bodily needs that we have tremendous amounts of waste and
potential for conservation. We can perfectly well get to work, or the
grocery store, on scooters instead of in SUVs if we have to, or
electric hybrid bicycles if it comes to that. We can take fewer foreign
vacations, and we can video-conference instead of flying off on
business trips. We may not want to, we may bitch and moan, but it's
certainly possible to do these things rather than experience the end of
the world. Fundamentally, what the post-peak period requires is that we
get a few percent more efficient in our oil usage each year. We've
already proven our ability to do that in the late seventies and early
So the real threat of peak oil is that we'll refuse to accept what
needs to be done, and instead start fighting resource wars and the like
(see Cheney, Dick, Iraq 2003). Converting ever larger fractions of our
food supply to fuel is also a spectacularly dumb approach that we have
a choice whether or not to do. The issue is thus more
social/political/cultural than it is technological.
However, the great thing about peak oil, especially compared to climate
change, is that when it occurs (and even in the run-up as we saw in
2005-2007) it will call attention to itself in an impossible-to-ignore
way. When you have not quite enough oil, the price goes through the
roof, and everyone immediately realizes that there is a major
not-quite-enough oil problem, and begins thinking in terms of smaller
cars, hybrid cars, skipping the family vacation this year, etc. The
price feedback is immediate and relentless until enough conservation
has been achieved for however much oil is available this particular
year. And the same thing will be true all the way down - if at some
point we need to transition from gas scooters to electric scooters,
there will $40/gallon gas pointing out to us the immediate urgency of
that step.
By contrast, climate change lacks the immediate personal feedback. We
all pump the greenhouse gases up into the air, and there is no
immediate consequence to us - no equivalent to paying a high price at
the fuel pump. Instead, the gases gradually accumulate and the climate
slowly warms, and the oceans slowly warm, and over the decades, the
floods, the deadly heatwaves, the hurricanes, the forest fires, the
disease outbreaks, the coastal cliff collapses, the species extinctions
and bizarre ecological catastrophes all get more and more common and
more and more serious. But because both the climate system and the
major infrastructure in the economy have decades and decades of lag
built in, by the time the problem is so incontrovertible that everyone
can agree on its true urgency, it will be very late, and we will
already be locked into an enormous amount of damage. Thus ultimately, I
think climate change poses the more serious threat because it doesn't
map so naturally to the way human incentive structures work.
And by the same token, I think the bulk of the climate change problem
will occur later than peak oil. I think it's pretty much inconceivable
that peak oil will occur later than around 2030, but climate change
will just really be getting going then, and will gradually turn into a
more and more furious rolling catastrophe, with the worst impacts in
the second half of this century, and getting more and more severe until
we finally get the situation under control (or succumb to it).
Singularity > Climate Change
But still, as enormous as the transformation required by climate change
is, I don't think it's the biggest monster under the bed. True, most of
our industrial society has been powered by fossil fuels for a couple of
centuries, and it's all we've ever known as individuals. But perfectly
good high-net-energy alternatives are known in modern wind, solar, and
nuclear, and there's no in-principle reason we can't transition to them
provided we make a serious all-out effort.
And the good thing is, although it's the largest such transition we've
ever attempted, it's fundamentally a kind of challenge that we in
Western Civilization recognize. We've created a problem, and the
solution requires technological innovation. We need better renewables,
smarter grids, more efficient electric cars. This stuff is fun for
techies to think about, and Silicon Valley is already on the job with
massive investment in clean-tech in the last five years. A defining
feature of western civilization is that we value innovation highly. The
patent was invented and became widespread in medieval Europe; with one
minor exception for the Greek city state of Sybaris, there is no
evidence of earlier civilizations using patents. Braudel, in comparing
medieval European civilization to other world civilizations at the time
points out that Europe was the only place with a clear concept of
fashion. Other civilizations simply didn't have the concept that it was
valuable to dress or decorate in a new and different way than your
forebears. So while other civilizations have certainly created many
innovations, none has institutionalized and glorified the innovation
process in the way that ours has. And to this day, across the
contemporary political spectrum, innovation is valued and seen as the
way to solve all our problems.
However, the problem that we are gradually innovating more and more of
our fellow citizens out of jobs, and thus out of any meaningful stake
in our society, is not one that obviously lends itself to innovation.
In that case, innovation looks to me like the problem, not the solution.
I have not yet talked much about the singularity on this blog, so let
me briefly recap the main ideas of the techno-optimist computer
scientists who have mostly thought about this, and then give my own
The basic idea was first formulated by computer scientist and science
fiction author Vernor Vinge, but in recent years the most visible
exponent has been computer scientist and inventor Ray Kurzweil. I was
first introduced to these ideas via the latter's book The Singularity
is Near, which I take to be still a reasonably current exposition of
Kurzweil's thinking.
The argument goes like this:
- Throughout pre-history and history, the rate of evolution has
accelerated. Physical evolution proceeds slowly at inventing new forms,
once humanity came on the scene prehistoric cultural evolution
proceeded faster, then with writing faster still, then a globally
integrated society, now Internet connected, has innovated faster and
faster still. The rate of change is now breathtaking.
- In particular, computers are now getter faster and faster and more
capable. The rate of physical computation speed is increasing
exponentially according to Moore's law, in which the amount of
computation that can be done by one chip doubles every two years
(roughly stated). There are no major physical limitations that will
prevent Moore's law continuing decades into the future.
- Computers are now slowly getting smarter and smarter as we solve
particular problems one at a time. Eg, the voice recognition problem is
slowly coming under control, face recognition is starting to be a
commercial proposition, driving a vehicle is now at the
pretty-decent-research-prototype stage, etc.
- By the mid 2030s, available computers produced each year will exceed
the information processing capacity of the entire human population, and
by the mid 2040s it will exceed it by a factor of a billion.
- With ever-increasing progress in neuroscience, we will be able by
then to reverse-engineer the human brain, and use computers to create
general human-quality intelligence, except it will be able to go faster
and faster than the basic version that biology has managed to produce
to date.
- Once machine intelligence surpasses human intelligence by a
sufficient margin, it will continue to accelerate the rate of
intellectual and technical progress at rates massively higher than at
present, and this acceleration will continue at ever greater rates. The
name singularity comes from the idea of a comparison with a black hole
where there is an event horizon beyond which one cannot see. Once
ever-accelerating machine intelligence takes over, things will happen
so fast and furiously that we today have no idea what will happen and
cannot predict the consequences.
- Nonetheless, you shouldn't worry about any of this, because we will
be able to use all this amazing technology to augment and transform
human consciousness. We will be able to reverse engineer how we work,
modify and improve on it, download ourselves into new/better/synthetic
bodies, cure world hunger, etc, etc, etc... So life will be better
overall.Obviously, in compressing an entire long book into seven bullet
points, I am leaving out a variety of nuances and supporting lines of
evidence, which readers are welcome to explore on their own, or we can
discuss further on this blog in future. My overall reaction to the book
was to first feel incredibly depressed for a few weeks, and then spend
a number of months in research gradually sorting out which parts I
believed and which I didn't. Herewith my take:
- (Accelerating technical progress). I think, with some caveats, this
is broadly qualitatively true. Our society does innovate faster, than,
say the Ubaid proto-civilization, and in turn, the Ubaid were
undoubtedly innovating faster than Homo Erectus. However, you can, and
Kurzweil does, overstate the issue. Probably the best metric of overall
rate of technical progress in the industrial era is growth in the
global world product, and that has been a few percent a year throughout
that time - it is not dramatically accelerating recently, though
industrial growth is faster than pre-industrial growth.
- (Moore's Law). The historical rate of progress in computer speed is
incontrovertible and general technical consensus is that there is no
near term barrier to it continuing (eg see this book for a summary of
the issues). I don't see a reasonable basis for questioning this,
though of course future events are always somewhat uncertain.
- (Computers getting smarter). This is incontrovertibly true. While the
speed with which this would happen was overstated in the early years of
AI, it is the case that with each passing decade more and more things
traditionally requiring human expertise can now be done by computers
(chess, voice recognition, driving, etc).
- (Available computer power will exceed human information processing
capability in 25 years or so). As a statement of raw computing power,
this seems plausible, though of course the further we try to
extrapolate Moore's law, the less certain the result.
- (Ability to reverse engineer human intelligence and produce a
synthetic equivalent also within about 25 years). Here I think Kurzweil
gets onto thinner and thinner ice. At the moment, we computer
scientists have no real idea how to produce anything like the
generality and flexibility of human reasoning, so it's going to take
major conceptual breakthroughs before we are able to do so. So I think
the time estimates here get much less certain than he indicates - raw
computation power alone doesn't make for a general flexible
intelligence, and fundamental breakthroughs are hard/impossible to
predict in advance. At the same time, it does seem reasonable to
project that the general direction at present will continue, with more
and more tasks being automatable, and as neuroscience and cognitive
science and computer science all continue, it seems likely there will
be major progress in these areas. However, I think the timing is much
harder to project.
- (Further acceleration and singularity). The further out we go, the
more speculative it all gets. However, I don't dispute the general
proposition that machine intelligence comparable to or better than
human intelligence will be a complete game-changer and things will
never be the same again and we can't predict what the world would look
like afterwards. That much seems elementary.
- (This will be good for the average human). Here I found Kurzweil's
reasoning very fantastical... In particular, I think he seriously
neglects the fact that medical progress is far slower than computer
progress and there are excellent unavoidable reasons for this: new
medical technologies require massive clinical trials to establish their
safety and efficacy, while new generations of chips and computers
don't. Therefore, progress on silicon intelligence will continue to be
much faster than progress on biological intelligence. This might not be
so good for many of the biological types...The choice of "singularity"
as metaphor for this all this is interesting, I think. Falling into a
black hole would not normally be considered a pleasant or desirable
prospect, but this was the metaphor picked by people who think this
will be a good thing.
I think the key issue to analyzing the goodness, or otherwise, of these
trends is to look at why/how technologies get adopted. I've spent the
last decade working in technology startups building and selling new
computer technologies, so I think I have a decent understanding of
this. There are basically two main selling points to any new technology:
1) This is whizz-bang cool and will enhance your social status to own.
and then, either:2a) This will enhance your productivity and allow you
to do more/better of whatever it is you do in less time (for a
utilitarian or business proposition).2b) This will be fun to do (for a
consumer/entertainment proposition)
Usually points 1) and either 2a) or 2b) points are required to close
the sale. Technologies do not get adopted because they generally
improve human welfare, they get adopted because they work on these
points for specific sets of customers. Thus corporate voice recognition
phone systems did not come around because all our lives are improved by
it, but because it allows companies to handle more customers with fewer
staff, thereby providing a return on investment to the project. If in
the future, we get automated vehicle driving systems, the reasons will
have nothing to do with overall human welfare, but with the specific
profitability equations of trucking firms, or taxi-firms.
Likewise, new consumer technologies do not get deployed to the benefit
of poor people, they get deployed to the benefit of people who can and
will pay for them (aka customers).
And this will continue to be the case in the future.
So in my view, the dominant social effect of all these
ever-accelerating-integrated-globalized-world-stuff is to create a
divide: if you are sufficiently smart/skilled/creative to stay employed
and take advantage of all the new toys, life gets better and more fun
and you feel more powerful and enabled. But if you are not sufficiently
smart/skilled/creative (or you just decide the game is fucked), then
you are out of a job and now you can't afford most of the fun stuff and
not only that, you live in the midst of a society that you know doesn't
have any use for you and doesn't value you.
And unfortunately, we have this:
and this:
So the fraction of people below the divide is growing steadily. Slowly,
but steadily. In fact, if you look at the trend, it's pretty close to
linear. Here is the employment/population ratio for men 25-54 again,
with a linear and quadratic fit. They barely differ:
Given the way technology is adopted by businesses, one of the effects
of a singularity that I would expect is that the employment-population
ratio would fall to zero. Machine intelligence, if equally good, will
always displace human intelligence from the workplace because it
doesn't insist on going home at night, doesn't have any human rights,
and can be replicated in arbitrary quantities (meaning it will cost
much less) and be customized to the task at hand. If we extend the
employment population ratio out to 2100, and extrapolate the trends, we
get this:
The orange circle shows Kurzweil's approximate singularity date with my
contention that it will be signalled economically by an
employment/population of zero. I don't find it plausible that that
curve is going to bend over that far, but maybe. I wouldn't necessarily
have a great deal of confidence in a linear or quadratic extension
either - it's hard to believe that another few decades of Moore's law
won't have some pretty massive effects on the economy, and on
employment in particular.
My best guess is that a singularity of some kind is probably coming,
but slower than folks like Kurzweil think. However, just as the
gravitational tidal forces from a black hole tear you apart some time
before you reach the singularity, I think the tidal forces of
increasing automation are already at work and will become gradually
more stressful over the coming century.
Finally, I note that there are complex interplays between these various
For example, consider the effects of peak oil in the context of
increasing automation. Reversalist thinkers like the Archdruid, or Jim
Kunstler, believe that one effect of peak oil will be to cause
replacement of machines by human labor again (on the theory that with
less energy, we'll need to use more human labor, just like we did back
in the day, when we had less energy before). However, this certainly
isn't evident in the data to date, and it's not at all obvious that it
follows. Consider, for example, the decision as to whether to lay off
the security guards, and replace them with security robots. This is a
decision that companies will take individually based on the economics
and quality of the security robots, but presumably over time, these
will improve and there will be more robots and fewer humans doing
physical security, and the employment-population ratio will drift a
little lower.
However, consider the implications for oil demand. An employed security
guard will be driving to work in his (or her!) pickup truck, and if you
pay him enough, he may even fly off for a yearly vacation, or to his
daughter's wedding on the other side of the country. If he's not
employed, he probably will use far less oil like that, and the robot
that replaces him will run on a little electricity and no oil.
So it's not at all clear that less oil implies less automation.
Similarly, addressing climate change by switching to renewable power
doesn't prevent continued automation either, because machines can be
fundamentally more efficient than humans at converting sunlight to work.
And so I think, in the longer term, the threat to most of the nine or
ten billion of us that there will soon be is that the economy simply
won't need us to operate. And if we address the financial crisis, solve
peak oil, and fix climate change with ever increasing amounts of
cleverness and innovation, we will probably simply hasten that day.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Early Warning using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-25 09:55:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
On Tue, May 25, 2010 at 8:22 AM, j.martin.pedersen <
To my mind, idealism is the hope that there is an ideal...a best way of
living...a best that is attainable or worthy of directing oneself toward
(e.g. heaven, justice, truth, spirtual enlightment, etc.)   I don't much
care for that as a general worldview and see virtually all manifestations of
it as problematical.
That said, I think there are local optimums, local plans, local
possibilities, but that these are quite autonomous of any ultimate harmony
or purpose including "justice."  They are, in short, consensus.  Consensus
never lasts.
I see Nara Japan as a beautiful and functioning society, but my Western
views find many of its precepts flawed.  Does that mean my society is
"better"?  No.  It means we are different and have arrived at differing
views of local optimums.  Europe sits in judgment of the US regularly and
sometimes vice versa.  I see few differences really, but people have local
preferences and ideals.  Americans strongly prefer the US by and large, and
Europeans strongly prefer Europe in the main.  What can we learn from this?
People like what they know.  Culture is path dependent.  I like different
things about both of them.  When pressed, most experience people would say
the same.  Sometimes the things one person likes are mutually exclusive.
Science does not seek an ideal or a perfection.  Technology is meant to ease
a demand or need or to fulfill a desire.  Those are not grand ambitions to
my way of looking at it.  They are attempts to understand or live in a
pragmatic, local and useful way.  Science, to my way of looking at it, isn't
a "thing" or a philosophy.  It is the concept of the pursuit of better
answers where better means more evidential and compelling.  It is
specifically opposite to idealism which has an answer that if feels is right
and then tries to apply it...I call that metaphysics.  It is a system of
reasoning where reasoning itself becomes the deity.  Science is not about
reason but about more compelling conceptualizations.  It isn't "done."
There is no final answer.  It is more of a way of thinking...or a way of not
thinking that there is a single solution or an optimum body of knowledge.
Scientists who I admire are at best ambivalent about answers that exist even
in their own fields.  That is, they tend to approach things with a
skepticism about finality and accuracy.  Instead, they are all about the
unknown.  The problematic.  Engineers tend to solve problems with more and
more refined sets of solutions.  They are about "fixing" or solving.  It
uses science, but science is more about walking into the darkness with
minimal preconceptions other than that which is highly evidential.  Still,
it is tentative.
No engineer or scientist can "dream" a vision of an optimum.  That makes
them something else.  Science only allows doubt and the attempt to be more
evidential or factually compelling.  If you add "consensus improved" science
links to engineering, medicine, etc.
Markets are defined as the means by which people trade to achieve consensus
optimums at a local level.  Some lose in markets by finding their choices
sub-optimal or their starting points unsatisfying.  My own view is that I am
glad I am not those people.  Do I hope they will live better?  Yes.  Do I
work to make their lives better as a purpose?  Sometimes.  Compassion is a
useful part of our being.  But I do not envision systems where unfairness
and bias are removed by rules.  That seems contradictory to me with a a long
trail of failure to suggest it doesn't work.  Instead, I see a local problem
that requires technology (e.g. business and management solutions) or
science/engineering (e.g. improved means of understanding value-creating
outcomes) as more realistically pragmatic solution sources.
Capitalism and socialism are theories (metaphysics) about how markets ought
to work.  I doubt both of them have much long-term value but rather were
tenative social experiments whose flaws are now mostly evident to consensus
bodies.  If you follow Matt Ridley's ideas, he'd argue that only the liberty
to adjust and the process of continued interaction to arrive at various
stable consensus positions will improve our lot.  Mostly, that means science
and technology as I mean the terms.

@_date: 2010-05-25 16:30:27
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Seven-Atom-Long Transistor That Will Change the 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Seven-Atom-Long Transistor
That Will Change the World [Computing] via Gizmodo by Jesus Diaz on
It only measures seven atoms but, according to project lead scientist
Michelle Simmons, computers made with this transistor?the smallest ever
made?will "solve problems that would take longer than the life of the
universe with a classical computer."
Simmons says that the silicone crystal-embedded transistor is the first
that put us in a solid path towards true quantum computers, which she
predicts will be available for deployment in commercial applications in
just five years.
Developed by the University of New South Wales' Centre for Quantum
Computer Technology (CQCT) and the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the
atomic part is "the first electronic device in a silicon systematically
created on the scale of individual atoms". This means two things: One,
it has the potential to reduce Moore's Law to smithereens. The other
one: It will eventually reduce current CPUs by a factor of one hundred,
while accelerating processing speed beyond our wildest dreams. [Atomic
Fabrication Facility via Telegraphc]
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Gizmodo using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-25 13:11:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
On Tue, May 25, 2010 at 10:09 AM, j.martin.pedersen <
Well inequalities are interesting.  London is said to be the most unequal
city in terms of GINI in the world.  But as I travel it, I am not struck by
the suffering I see regularly in Latin America, the Caribbean or what I saw
in Africa.  So is London unequal, or is the world?  And why should the world
be equal?  Isn't rich relative?  To a person in many parts of Africa or
Central America or Asia I am fabulously wealthy for having a car, a washer,
a stove a TV and a computer.  So who is unjust, Ridley or me?  Why should he
balance if I do not?  What amount of consumption is ultimately fair?
Emancipatory from what?  Science has freed us from a lifespan of 40 in 1820
England to one that is now well over 75.  It has freed us from plagues,
etc.  Is the world perfect?  No.  Will it ever be.  Depends on how you
define perfect.
These are metaphysical words that really have no reality to them...like
artificial scarcity, they are implicity rhetorical.  Transcend from what and
to what?  At whose behest?
Read the book...the improvement is everywhere.  We move forward in great
leaps.  When I was 20, I had no inkling of the power of the Internet I use
over 10 hours most days...at age 47.  That's astonishing improvement.  In
1963, the GDP per person in Korea (South) was 200 USD.  Today it is over 50x
that.  People starved daily in China in 1968...millions upon millions.  Now
they sell 100,000 PCs a day there.  Are these misleading pieces of
rhetoric?  Is there no goodness afoot?  My life is hugely better than it was
when I was young.  Perhaps I just lucky.  I enjoy better healthcare, better
learning, better entertainment...all at a fraction of the costs it once
was.  I have access to software like R which is astonishingly powerful and
absolutely free.  I see everywhere around me the price of access to learning
and power dropping rapidly.  Anyone who cares to can learn amazing things
for free on the Internet all day every day.  And access is reaching people
who never dreamed of it.  China has more Internet users than Europe.  In my
lifetime, they felt wealthy if they had a bicycle.  How can this not be more
desireable for millions and millions?

@_date: 2010-05-26 08:23:15
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
Yes, I agree with Michel, progress for whom and at what price?
Can anyone structure an argument that any group in the world is materially
worse off than they were 30 years ago?  Any group?  Simply adding the
Internet alone makes such claims implausible in my opinion.
Global life spans are up.  Deaths from wars are down.  Deaths from disease
are down.  Deaths from strokes, cancer and heart disease come later and less
frequently than ever before in virtually all societies.
It is hard to find a statistic globally or locally where things have
dramatically declined for humans in the last 30 years.  Truthfully, that is
even so for the environment where the 1970s were probably the global nadir
for environmental evils climate change notwithstanding.
I believe climate change is a problem...a crisis of great proportions, but I
also believe it can be overcome.  I further believe that the issues of
capitalism are not from its failures but from its successes.  Automation is
making labour increasingly irrelevant.  That is the issue...along with
climate change.

@_date: 2010-05-26 08:29:05
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
I can certainly agree with each of these points.  If that entitles me to
some epithet I don't choose, I suppose that is OK.

@_date: 2010-05-26 12:12:54
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
I agree with the points.  Whether that makes me an "X" is what I dispute.
Liberal has many meanings in many contexts.
I'm not sure that labels and standards are helpful.  Why can I not take a
position issue by issue?  I agree to no group's specific limits.
On Wed, May 26, 2010 at 12:03 PM, j.martin.pedersen <

@_date: 2010-05-26 18:17:48
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] nice article 
I doubt Europe is dead.  It was haughty just a few months ago proclaiming
its superiority over the rest of the world by maintaining socialism in the
face of US and Chinese collapse.
Markets are fickle.  Europe will come back in style.  It is hard to imagine
that a 300,000 Euro house in the outskirts of Paris is equivalent to a
300,000 dollar house in the outskirts of Oklahoma City.  The Euro is
probably undervalued.  Like the US, Europe is trying to re-energize its
economies by lowering their prices.  It will work.  No matter how good for
gets, I'd rather have a similar Merc than a Ford and if the prices are
similar, the choice is easy.  Same Swiss cheese or Wisconsin cheese.
Hasselblads versus Nikons.  I'll take the elite Euro merchandise if it is on
sale.  Europe doesn't buy that much US tech or Japanese stuff.  They either
buy cheap Chinese or their own stuff.  When the world can buy Europe on the
cheap...they will.  Who drinks Australian wine when you can have French?
If Europe isn't expensive, it immediate overheats as the rest of the world
drinks its booze and drives its cars until they all cut their work weeks to
30 hours and retire at 43.

@_date: 2010-05-28 10:47:12
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
Thanks for your response.  My own view is that violence outside of state
structures or immediate self defense is nearly always wrong.  There are, I
suppose, just revolutions against tyranny of one sort or another.  My own
view is that these should be few if there is an open society, free
elections, an open economy (or relatively so) and the rule of law.  One can
be too quick to see tyranny and abuse in a species that is, after all, only
a few thousand generations removed from living mostly in caves and tree
tops.  32,000 years ago, we were biologically essentially the same as now,
but we had little or no concept of anything we call governance, fairness,
justice or most other fineries of civilization we now rely on.  Or so the
best experts seem to think.
I may be tainted in some minds for adopting the mores of conventional
society, and in finding comfort in stable governments and economies, and you
are right in that I believe that thinking that way is in my own best
interest, the interests of those I care most about, and the interests of
most people I know.
Revolution may sweep me and my type aside.  If it does, so be it.  We are a
vicious species.  I will defend myself as any other sane person or culture
would.  My guess is that the new boss will be the same as the old boss...or
worse.  And we will get fooled again.
On Fri, May 28, 2010 at 7:51 AM, j.martin.pedersen <
considers the enormous agency that go into maintaining the bloody,
violent structures of inequality that make it possible to "just run
ahead of everyone else".
For what concerns progress of the human kind and technology, and the
statement that less die from war, I suggest taking a look at the coltan
driven crisis in the Great Lakes region in the late 1990s, in which more
than 2.5 million people were killed to mainly fuel Nokia's explosive
growth and Sony's many laptops.
What about one million Iraqi children killed as structural implication
of the technology (or technique if you want) of a trade embargo? The
thousands born with horrific defects already and those to come in the
next 1000 years in the region due to depleted uranium that needs to be
gotten rid of somewhere, somehow?
There are at least 37 armed conflicts in the war, right now:
"Most of these are civil or "intrastate" wars, fueled as much by racial,
ethnic, or religious animosities as by ideological fervor. Most victims
are civilians, a feature that distinguishes modern conflicts. During
World War I, civilians made up fewer than 5 percent of all casualties.
Today, 75 percent or more of those killed or wounded in wars are
Africa, to a greater extent than any other continent, is afflicted by
war. Africa has been marred by more than 20 major civil wars since 1960.
Rwanda, Somalia, Angola, Sudan, Liberia, and Burundi are among those
countries that have recently suffered serious armed conflict.
War has caused untold economic and social damage to the countries of
Africa. Food production is impossible in conflict areas, and famine
often results. Widespread conflict has condemned many of Africa's
children to lives of misery and, in certain cases, has threatened the
existence of traditional African cultures. "
Who feeds the arms? People sitting in their armchairs and spouting ideas
of just running ahead...
There are also many more slaves in the world than ever.
Earthquakes resulting from "just running ahead" and depleting water
tables, thus destablising the ground.
Pig flu from Smithfield just running ahead and farming in outrageous
ways all over the world, especially in Mexico.
What about Iraq in general with respect to fat wankers in SUVs? The
theft of the Iraqi oil and repression by mercenaries - all just what the
poor wants the rich, fast and powerful to do? What nonsense! What
disgusting nonsense.
Those statements Michel made to illustrate - and supporting them - are
at once a declaration of war _and_ a justifcation for it as well.
Go and take what you can take and care for no one else, and be faced
with resistance and severe resentment from those who are robbed in the
process. The weapons of the weak might not cut it, but at least, in a
Fanonian sense, there is a psychic degree of liberation in throwing a
molotov cocktail, a suicide bombing, or an assissination.
That is - in very simple terms - the world that is created by the
pretend nonsense of just going ahead and not showing solidarity. It is
pissing on everyone else and hundreds of years of struggle that has made
it possible for non-aristocrats to live a little bit better, as you so
eagerly proclaim. This is not some intellectual matter, but a matter of
life and death.
You would have zer0 seconds in front of your screen if it weren't for
those ideals and ideological struggles that went before you (unless you
are like Ridley, The Man in the High Castle), and to not even recognise
that is sad. If it werent for those struggles you would also be on the
assembly line producing CPUs for the elite. Instead you have
uncritically joined them and turned your back on the past struggles that
have fought and given their blood, sweat and tears for your present.
It is a living contradiction, unless you are old money, to hold this
position - in a sense it is self-denying, for it is also your past.
In any case: it means war, class war. So prepare your fort, for there is
a resistance building.......

@_date: 2010-05-28 17:26:22
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Dead End of Contemporary Liberalism 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: The Dead End of Contemporary
Liberalism via Cato Unbound by Patrick J. Deneen on 5/18/10
Phillip Blond?s diagnosis of the pathologies of our age is as
perceptive and piercing as any that I have yet encountered. He follows
in a long tradition of independent thinkers, willing to break with ? or
at least to bend his relationship to ? party and partisans with a
clear-sighted analysis of the failings of the contemporary political
alignments. Echoing earlier analyses that call attention to the unholy
alliance of State and Market such as those of G.K. Chesterton, Hilaire
Belloc, Wilhelm Roepke, E.M. Schumacher, Russell Kirk, Robert Nisbet,
Alasdair MacIntyre and Wendell Berry, Blond has captured the
centralizing logic of this alliance in our own time with clarity and
chilling insight. He calls to account the consistent core of radical
autonomous individualism that lies in the deepest commitments of many
on today?s Left and Right, noting that the seeming political battles
that are daily waged through shouting matches on the television or in
the pages of newspapers in fact obscure the deeper philosophic alliance
that underlies the degradation of the civic life in modern nations.
At base, Blond recognizes that the great error of the age lies in the
embrace of liberal anthropology, the theory of human nature advanced at
the advent of the early modern period that underlies many Left and
Right versions of liberty. The normative claim that human nature is to
be understood (through the conceit of ?the State of Nature?) as
consisting of radically individuated selves motivated fundamentally by
appetite and fear is in fact based on a fundamental falsehood,
essentially denying the social and political nature of humans and
requiring active State intervention for its purported realization. In
Red Tory, Blond writes that
liberalism has promoted a radical individualism which, in trashing the
supposed despotism of custom and tradition concerning the nature of
true human flourishing, has produced a vacated, empty self that
believes in no common values or inherited creeds. But in creating this
purely subjective being, liberalism has also created a new and wholly
terrifying tyranny. For, in order to strip people of their cultural
legacy and eliminate the idea that people should enjoy degrees of
prestige according to their nature and capacity for virtue, and by
making everyone instead the same sort of individual with basic needs
and rights, an excess of centralized authority is required. The rule of
the virtuous person is displaced by the explicit control of the
centralized state.
Ironically, modern forms of collectivism are the result of this
radically individuated theory of the human self: ?the extreme
individualism that underpins the liberal account of human nature in the
end demands collectivism as a means of preserving the sanctity of the
singular when confronted with the reality of others.?
Blond recognizes that it is this liberal anthropology that underlies
both the Left?s infatuation with the State as an agent of liberation,
as well as the Right?s embrace of the Market as the primary engine of
human liberty. While seemingly opposed, both agents are understood to
derive from, and ultimately support, the maintenance of the autonomous,
freely willing self. Both are curiously anti-social entities, relying
on impersonal mechanisms for the supply of human goods. Both ask little
of individuals by way of actual concern for, or deep involvement with,
the lives and fates of others. Our relationships, either through the
State and the Market, are rendered abstract and theoretical, with each
serving respectively as the impersonal replacement for actual human
relations and commitments. Each relieves selves of the burdens and
obligations of care, and instead derives from an understanding of
polity and society in which the self can be only truly liberated when
relations are rendered fungible, voluntary and contingent. To resort to
the taxonomy developed by Albert O. Hirschman, such anthropology
requires a society structured around ?exit? over ?loyalty,? and thus,
one in which ?voice? is replaced by the sound of an exit door closing.
In his remarks at Georgetown University, at the invitation of the
program that I founded and direct ? The Tocqueville Forum on the Roots
of American Democracy ? Blond briefly offered a short intellectual
history of this tradition, attributing the origins of this radically
individuated autonomous self in the thought of Jean-Jacques Rousseau. I
fear that this brief synopsis of Rousseau?s argument ? in which he
suggested that it is Rousseau?s depiction of ?society [as] primordial
imprisonment? that underlies a libertarian-collectivist axis ? provides
too much comfort to Anglo-American thinkers who are accustomed to
thinking that the American constitutional order ? based in the liberal
philosophy of Locke, Smith and the Founding Fathers ? offers a bulwark
against the collectivizing spirit of subsequent progressive thinkers
like Rousseau, Marx, or the American progressives like Croly and Dewey.
A school of thought now popularized by Glen Beck has arisen to explain
that all of America?s woes lie in our betrayal of the Founder?s Lockean
vision for the Siren song of Progressivism.
While left underarticulated, Blond?s argument implicates the
anthropological assumptions of classical liberalism as well, indeed
suggesting that there is a profound continuity between the thought of
the likes of Hobbes, Locke and Smith and the apparently opposite
philosophies of Rousseau, Marx and Dewey ? and that we are now reaping
the consequences this combination in the unfolding events of our time.
Blond?s insight is that both classical liberalism ? beginning with an
anthropology of the radically individuated self ? and progressive
liberalism ? aspiring to the overcoming of alienation that such
anthropology fosters, aimed ultimately at the absorption of the
individuated self into a collective whole, whether as ?species-being,?
?the religion of humanity,? or ?the general will? ? are both profoundly
hostile to and destructive of those intermediary institutions defined
as ?civil society.?
The contemporary Right ? most often the defenders of free market
capitalism ? aid and abet the destruction of civil society by advancing
the liberal anthropology through its individualistic economic
assumptions, while the contemporary Left defends radical individualism
in its defense of ?lifestyle? liberalism through an equally ferocious
defense of individual rights. In both guises, the defense of
anthropological liberalism in the economic or personal sphere requires
a corresponding displacement of inherited or cultivated loyalties and
commitments to intermediary commitments in the civic realm ? family,
neighborhood, community, Church, fraternal order, guilds, unions, and
so on. Both require a re-education program that renders us mobile and
relatively uncommitted, regarding the ties of family and community as
obstacles to fulfillment of the self, whether economically or toward
the end of ?autonomy? or ?self-realization.? Both encourage the ethic
of ?voluntarism? and ?preference neutrality,? defining us most
fundamentally as individuated selves, and displacing the central role
of civil society in fostering a more expansive conception of the self,
one interpenetrated and defined by relationships and thereby fostering
an ethic of mutuality.
The other intellectual figure missing in (but friendly to) Blond?s
account is Tocqueville, who understood with prophetic clarity that this
form of individualism would lead not to a libertarian paradise, but a
collectivist nightmare. Conservatives (and libertarians) have long been
sympathetic with Tocqueville?s warnings about the rise of ?democratic
despotism? (for instance, Paul Rahe?s recent book Soft Despotism,
Democracy?s Drift is the newest, post?Cold War iteration of this
embrace), yet have generally been remarkably willful in ignoring his
explicit analysis connecting individualism with collectivism. In Vol.
2, Book 4, Ch. 3 of Democracy in America, Tocqueville wrote
As in periods of equality no man is compelled to lend his assistance to
his fellow men, and none has any right to expect much support from
them, everyone is at once independent and powerless. These two
conditions, which must never be either separately considered or
confounded together, inspire the citizen of a democratic country with
very contrary propensities. His independence fills him with
self-reliance and pride among his equals; his debility makes him feel
from time to time the want of some outward assistance, which he cannot
expect from any of them, because they are all impotent and
unsympathizing. In this predicament he naturally turns his eyes to that
imposing power which alone rises above the level of universal
depression. Of that power his wants and especially his desires
continually remind him, until he ultimately views it as the sole and
necessary support of his own weakness.
The contemporary conspiracy between State and Market ? apparently
locked in battle, but more fundamentally consonant in their hostility
toward, and evisceration of, the institutions of civil society ?
mutually reinforce each other, strengthening simultaneously commercial
and State concentrations of power that recent events reveal to have
been deeply intertwined. Both are based upon the radically individuated
anthropology of classical liberalism, an anthropology that both
necessarily precedes and ultimately succors the progressivist
liberalism that it purports to oppose. Blond?s analysis follows a line
of analyses that inferred the same deeper complicity, from that of
Tocqueville to Bertrand de Jouvenel, from Robert Nisbet to Pierre
Manent. Yet, for all the insight of this piercing recognition of the
deeper complicity between our two ?parties,? we continue to engage in
the sound and fury of a shadowboxing match in which the only winner is
concentrated economic and State power and the only loser is liberty.
The only true locus of human liberty is to be found in the institutions
of civil society, yet our dominant philosophies both regard its
requirements for stability, self-sacrifice and generational continuity
as an obstacle to individual liberty. So long as we continue to define
liberty badly, we will continue to lose it.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to Cato Unbound using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-28 21:36:29
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] john pilger on the greeks 
On Fri, May 28, 2010 at 9:11 PM, j.martin.pedersen <
It's good to believe in something and to use yourself toward some purpose.
I doubt there is one purpose or one set of allied good purposes.  The
trouble with goodness is that it must be collaborative to make any moral
sense.  No one can have the right ideas individually because the right ideas
are necessarily dialogical, situational and path dependent.  Otherwise, we'd
know them and all move toward them.  In other words, Fanon, Marx, Jesus,
Buddha or the Cato Institute or anyone else can't help you.  The answers are
out there in the practice of living, not in the reflections of people who
lived in another time.
You are right to object to fetishes about objects.  But those are not
"technology."  They are instruments.  Technology is the capacity to solve
issues...not an instrument or device in itself.  When people are armed with
skills and capacities and collaborate in civil societies, then the prospect
exists of real progress toward something we all mostly recognize as superior
within a sphere.  That's what, say, the Danes have achieved.  They have
found how to collaborate together to form a worldview that works for Danes.
Does it work for people from Texas?  Probably not.  The Danes themselves
must set their rules for who can collaborate with them...who they will work
with.  At a global level, certain problems demand collaboration across a
broad spectrum of entities.  This is indeed very difficult to
achieve...maybe impossible.  But it cannot be forced and it cannot be
demanded or sloganed.  It simply has to evolve into crises and then
respond.  Otherwise, someone must seize power.
The Economist magazine has an excellent article in the last issue or two
about Chavez destroying Venezuela.  It comes from a point of view.  Indeed,
Matt Ridley was once an editor for the Economist...and a good one in my
view.  But the article is worth reading whether you agree with them or not.
I sometimes don't agree with them.  In this case, I think they are spot on.

@_date: 2010-05-30 15:27:17
@_author: Ryan 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Gulf Oil Spill: With so many oil resources, 
Sent to you by Ryan via Google Reader: Gulf Oil Spill: With so many
oil resources, can't we just drill somewhere else? via The Oil Drum -
Discussions about Energy and Our Future by Gail the Actuary on 5/29/10
This post is an adaptation of one posted in December 2009, relating to
a talk given at that time. A PDF of the talk can be found here.
There is a huge amount of oil which theoretically can be extracted. The
question isn't whether it is there--the question is whether the cost to
extract the oil will be cheap enough for us to be able to afford the
oil. If oil is too expensive, the high prices seem to cause a
recession, similar to what we recently have been experiencing.
In many ways, people who say we have lots of oil are correct. All one
has to do is include the oil which is extremely expensive and slow to
extract. Much of the cheap, easy-to-extract oil has already been
Economic theory talks about oil prices rising, and substitutes being
found, which will tend to bring prices back down. When oil prices rose,
we found substitutes, but they were poor substitutes-- generally more
expensive, and hard to scale up. Corn ethanol requires huge land use
and imported fertilizers. Wind isn't a transportation fuel--it is a
substitute for natural gas and coal in electricity production. Making
sufficient electric cars and trucks to replace our current fleet would
be a huge expensive project, requiring many years, at best.
In the above slide, I purposely exaggerated the impact of an oil price
rise on food and gasoline. The effect would be greatest on a low income
individual. It would also be very great, if the price rise were to
something like $400 barrel.
This is pretty obvious, if you think about it. Does it sound like
anything we have run into in the last few years?
Many people think of the effects of peak oil as a future event. But we
are really experiencing them here and now. Oil production stopped
rising in 2005, so by 2006, we were feeling the effects of the squeeze.
The effects were being felt as early as 2004, when oil prices began to
The US was the earliest place where drilling for oil, and the earliest
place where production began to decline, in spite of technological
improvements and increased drilling. But fortunately, when oil begin
declining in 1970 there were other places that were not too hard to
After the US 48 states production began to decline, production was
ramped up in a number of places, including Alaska, shown here. It
production began to decline only a few years later.
The North Sea was another place where production was ramped up after US
production began to decline. It too began to decline rather quickly. I
didn't show Mexico, but it was another nearby location that was ramped
up, but then began to decline, after US 48 states production began to
At this point, most of the fields that are in easy to access locations
are in decline, and we are "stuck" with what is left--the slow to
extract, expensive oil from difficult locations. Deep water oil is one
of the kinds of oil we have left, but it is expensive to extract, and,
as we have just seen, if there are oil spills, they can be very
difficult to stop.
So many people have equated high prices with oil shortages, that people
have come to believe that if prices are low (or at least relatively
low, compared to recent past prices), everything is OK. But we really
need lots of quite inexpensive oil to fuel the economy, or it goes into
a recession. Reduced credit reduces demand, and has the effect of
bringing oil prices down.
In the above slide, the cutback in credit is especially important.
Without credit, many people cannot buy new cars, new houses, or
expensive Christmas presents. All of these use oil in their manufacture
and distribution, and keep oil prices up.
US consumer credit (including things like credit card loans and auto
loans) peaked the same month as oil prices. Mortgage loans peaked about
the same time, and many types of commercial credit have been affected.
The government has tried to pick up the slack with additional
borrowing, but this is not the same.
The EIA indicates that on a constant dollar basis, energy expenditures
more than doubled between 1990 and 2008. Going forward, the EIA sees
more increases in energy expenditures, on an inflation adjusted basis.
I might mention that one of the major uses of new technology is to
bring down prices. There are limits to what can be done--if oil is very
deep in the ocean, it is likely never going to be cheap to extract. The
need for new technology to bring down prices is probably as great or
greater with fossil fuels as it is with things like wind, solar, and
biofuels. Fossil fuels are at least well adapted to running our current
infrastructure. Anything that is very different will require huge
expenditures for conversion.
In my view, the big question is how debt (and financial institutions
holding the debt) will fare. The front page story on today's Atlanta
Journal Constitution is "Troubled banks find it hard to stay afloat".
How long will bailing out failing banks with printed money work?
The growing gap is the concern. Regardless of whether oil production
remains flat, or declines fairly steeply, we have a major problem. With
many people from around the world interested in using oil products, and
many new cars in places like China and India, the gap between
production and what we would normally consume (if prices were low and
credit were available) is likely to continue to grow, even if somehow
oil production could be kept flat. If we intentionally decrease deep
water drilling, it will tend to make the gap worse.
The advanced economies have in the recent past been able to "offshore"
their energy intensive industries to places like China, giving the
illusion that countries can get along with only non-energy intensive
services like finance. But for the world as a whole, there seems to be
a close relationship between growth in oil consumption and GDP growth.
Since finance and some other services don't need much oil to grow, the
relationship is not exactly 1:1. Efficiency growth would also tend to
make GDP growth higher (but declining energy return on investment would
tend to lower it).
My big concern is international trade. If debt defaults are a problem,
this could interfere with the workings of the whole system, especially
if it leads to major countries (perhaps Greece) defaulting on their
In the years since fossil fuel use has developed, world population has
greatly expanded.
We are already seeing problems with people in some of the poorer
nations having adequate food. Even in the US, there are people at the
margins who are "food insecure". Currently, there are government
programs to help, but states are finding it increasingly necessary to
cut back, because of falling tax revenue.
It would be a lot easier to get politicians to talk about the situation
if there were a good solution in sight. There are some partial
mitigations, but they likely don't get us back to "business as usual".
Voters are likely to be very unreceptive to such news.
We are in the midst of a predicament, even if we continue to ramp up
deep water oil from the Gulf of Mexico. If there is less oil from the
Gulf of Mexico, it will make our predicament even worse.
The world doesn't really have many more good, cheap places to drill any
more. Any place we do drill, requires substantial capital investment
and long lead times. Much of the remaining oil is in solid form, like
the oil sands, and oil shale. Such resources will be very slow to
extract, so it is very difficult to ramp them up, even if we decided we
wanted to. There may be other limiting resources as well, such as
water, meaning that this obstacle needs to be overcome as well. So
there are no easy substitutes for oil from the Gulf of Mexico.
Things you can do from here:
- Subscribe to The Oil Drum - Discussions about Energy and Our Future
using Google Reader
- Get started using Google Reader to easily keep up with all your
favorite sites

@_date: 2010-05-30 19:01:07
@_author: Ryan Lanham 
@_subject: [p2p-research] simon schama predicts a revolution 
Simon Schama is certainly a wise and learned voice.  We seem to also be in
an era of brinksmanship...as with Korea...how close can we get to the edge
without going over.  That usually ends badly, but it seems to be the new
It is hard to see an economic end game that doesn't become explosive at some
juncture.  But the brinksmanship keeps daring that juncture to commence...a
horror no one wants.
I think Paul Krugman is closest to my own opinion when he thinks that the
current worries over debt are tying the hands of policymakers making the
next crisis impossible to weather without huge suffering in places not used
to it...like Europe and English speaking North America.  On the other hand,
it seems that something must be done about the continual shifting of debt to
stronger and stronger institutions until they too crack under the weight.
Very difficult times to be a policy maker.
