
@_date: 2009-11-18 13:49:27
@_author: Robin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Carbon trading - stage one 
Interesting spam here. I think you can expect more like this.
I have done extensive research on carbon trading when it was just
starting, early 2000s and published a bunch of articles in Dutch
press, including the main business newspaper.
For anyone interested in this sort of material, find some critical
info here: Personally I think that if you want to commodify the air/ or the
'right to pollute', it would only make sense if each person in the
world would get an equal right to Co2 emission, based on what is
sustainable (around 90% less than what we pollute now). Fair
distribution you might call it. Then, let the trading begin (and the
money flows North to South).
But unfortunately the allocation per state has (already!) been done
with the trade-agreement Kyoto Protocol, on basis of how much each
(Northern) state was polluting already.
On Wed, Nov 18, 2009 at 5:24 AM, J. Andrew Rogers
Carbon offset projects can also damage communities. There are many
examples of this:
"The emerging global carbon offset market has created a lucrative new
commodity while essentially distracting from the real and difficult
steps needed to avert the climate crisis. In hundreds of locations
around the world, polluting private companies are building up new
profit centres to capture green finance. These carbon projects are
subsidizing some of the most polluting companies in the world.
The reality of these projects is startling. Even renewable projects
that look the best at the outset are rife with conflicts. A brief look
at market fundamentals suggests why such conflicts are almost
inevitable. The most reliable providers of offset credits will
inevitably be big, highly-capitalized firms or agencies in a position
to hire carbon consultants and accountants, liaise with officials, or
pay the fees needed for UN registration.
These projects are not set up to deal with the real complexities and
intricacies of communities and livelihoods. They require enormous
quantities of resources in terms of land, water, and machinery and do
not benefit the local communities or ecology. They generally take
place in regions where people have little political power, engendering
a deeper North?South divide."
Life happens at the level of events, not of words

@_date: 2009-11-19 15:48:09
@_author: Robin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Carbon trading - stage one 
I would love to, but it isn't easy generally to write "what to think of carbon trading". There are many angles to it, and it really depends on the values and priorities someone adheres to. Do you want to think within or outside the system? Do you want to think of a way out of the system (transition) or a way that neglects the current system completely ;)
First there is the already put in place de facto privatisation of the right to pollute that already occured with the Kyoto Protocol, and the way the EU for example implemented this. This de facto privatisation could, arguably, be perceived as a legally approved new implementation of colonialism (but this would also depend on further outcomes of the Climate Protocol processes and how individual states would continue to implement carbon trading)
Then there is another angle to it. This is related to the way markets and money currently function. I can imagine there would be other ways of dealing with carbon trading on a P2P level, if the rules of the games would be set up differently in relation to how it is delt with currently. To that end, I think it would be useful for James Burke to reflect a bit more about the poster he uploaded here:
framework/2009/11/16 He makes a distinction between "cap and trade" for "private sector" and "carbon taxes" for "Public sector", which frankly follows the green/social democratic neoliberal agenda. I would love to see an elaboration of that.
I might have time to write something in December. At the moment I am busy organising a nomad conference first in Berlin and then New York that starts tomorrow. I have a piece of writing for that, which I was hoping to send later

@_date: 2009-11-19 16:54:52
@_author: Robin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Carbon trading - stage one 
As I remember from my research 8 years ago, they have been generally
good when the total amount of the market is little and when we talk of
a closed loop. One example include I believe a specific toxic in the
US in the 80s?
One of the problems with the current schemes is that this is far from
reality. The market we talk about here is huge. Encompassing billions
potentially (especially when markers get even merged), including
loopholes and an allocation of carbon credits based on "the biggest
mouth gets most rights".
Just a quick google on carbon trading + loopholes bring these ones up:
Loophole breeds speculation in EU carbon market
EU?s carbon market threatened by loophole
One of the things that really bothers me for example is a recent
example of the Dutch government. They argue in favour of new
coalplants with the argument that the country can get a competitive
advantage in offsetting carbon (mostly by putting it under the ground)
and that Dutch companies could sell this tech further to China.
Climate change is realpolitics pur sang which is not bringing us any
further. How to design a climate system that promotes green "free" technology ?
Life happens at the level of events, not of words

@_date: 2009-11-19 18:49:57
@_author: Robin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Nomadic Conference in Berlin/ New York 
Something I am working on together with a lot of other people, including some who are also on this list.
Please forward to people who care about these networks, and share whatever observation you may have.
A loose network of nomads, skillsurfers, hackers, open space fanatics and hospitality exchange addicts is hosting a conference on (postmodern/neo)nomadic culture, with a strong focus on setting up spaces/bases/places that are open for nomads. The conference takes place in Berlin from the 20th to the 30th of November, or maybe even longer. And in New York from the 5th to the 6th of December See  With this initiative we would like to better our existing ecosystem to sustain current forms of nomadism in the western world. In practical terms, we want to make it easier for nomads to go beyond conventional housing, jobs and schooling. We also would like to improve our real social networks (real social in terms of meeting up in real life).
What is a nomad? A nomad is someone who believes that traveling (physically or mentally) is a way to learn (about others and about themselves) and to experience life. Some of the nomads travel for work, others for study, others to learn from random encounters on the road.
In essence, we would like to create a shared way of living/ cooperating that goes beyond borders, and which brings these people together. What we would like to see is a network of bases that are shared with (neo)nomads.
The 'bases' we currently have encourage more cooperation, sharing and solidarity between participants. For most participants these places are life-learning/changing places, for many others they mean family. In addition, they potentially could also be great vehicles for experimenting new solidarity networks, practical skillsharing, exchange of nomadic crafts, social/political activism, p2p related projects, as well as nomadic cooperatives and other forms of social entrepreneurship. The initiative for nomadbases is one that is closely related to hospitality exchange. In the past 5 years we have seen a great leap forward in this field, examples include networks such as  and  See for an overview here: Where hospitality exchange has a focus on P2P exchange for mostly (for free) short-term accomodation, we would like to go beyond, towards rather long-term hospitality.
In essence what we would like to accomplish is a self-sustained network of communities, houses, farms, squats, collaborative work-spaces, etc. that are open for shared living with people that travel as a way of life. These places would be autonomous nodes within a larger network that function as convergence places to teach/learn/share and to meet like-minded people who you connect with and work on projects together.
Closely related to this is also a rise of networks in terms of skillsharing. Examples include skill-exchange networks such as Traveling School of Life, School of Everything, Journeyman and Wwoofing. In an ideal world these networks would be more connected both offline as online, for example by having integrated/ exportable personal profiles (tag-system, friends, skills, desires). As such you would know who would be where when, and you would easily know where to be if you want to learn skill x and share desire y.
The potential of these networks and models is enormous, and go much further than what is described here so far. They are a basic vehicle for social transformation. Without going too far in terms of ambitions (which could be plenty), this conference is just a small step in bringing people together who share these ideals.

@_date: 2010-07-12 18:50:58
@_author: Robin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
I am not sure what is mend with happiness either if you take into consideration how much work one has to do just to get a decent livelihood. So many people I met in the US (a country with a high penetration of capitalism) who have more than one job just to be able to survive... Or even people who are so addicted to wealth or (social) status they forget to live.
Pre-industrial workers had a shorter workweek than today's
"Before capitalism, most people did not work very long hours at all. The tempo of life was slow, even leisurely; the pace of work relaxed. Our ancestors may not have been rich, but they had an abundance of leisure. When capitalism raised their incomes, it also took away their time."
Since the 1960s, the consensus among researchers (anthropologists, historians, sociologists), has been that early hunter-gatherer societies enjoyed much more leisure time than is permitted by capitalist and agricultural societies

@_date: 2010-07-13 14:21:06
@_author: Robin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What comes next? 
What an absurd statement. How do you define capitalism? It currently consists of many elements: a 'free' market, state-regulation, wage-labour, competition, private ownership of means of production, etc.
All of those can be replaced and have been replaced. I personally like to look at how competition works and how that is effectively making us less efficient. I like to co-operate not compete (though I do see how competition can be embedded within co-operation I can't see any benefit in it being the other way around!)
If you're talking here about market-capitalism, then please say so. Then you're talking about the allocation of goods, products and services, not about the other elements (per se).
I believe we can also find many ways of replacing market capitalism, through a community controlled and p2p based way of networking people, groups, etc. In the past there have been many examples of how this has been implemented. I think here for example of the cooperative movement of late 19th Century, that has effectively been co-opted by the state, resulting in the social welfare state.
With the 'decrease' of the social-welfare system, the increase of autonomy and new technology one can expect a resurgence of systems that are based on this and that we can explore again old & new ways to replace these capitalisms and to ensure its sustainability. That's why I am on this list for example.
Economic efficient outcomes? That's a statement that comes straight out of any generic scholar-book about liberal economics. I see ourselves living in a highly inefficient society, as per the reasons you are stating yourself also below. Those are no bugs, but features of a system whose only way to survive is by creating problems (environmental waste for example) that can only be solved by having more penetration of the same logic. Its existence relies on crises.

@_date: 2010-07-21 17:26:32
@_author: Robin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] criticizing zeitgeist movement and venus project 
Dear list-members,
 From time to time I still meet people who advocate the Zeitgeist movement and the Venus Project. I have criticism towards these projects but never have had time or interest to dive deeply into it.
I am however very surprised there is little to be found around the web. Even in Wikipedia there isn't anything listed:
 (see the talk page for some stuff)
The only thing I could find is a good critique off the usage of conspiracy theories by zeitgeist.
 & My main concerns are:
* Claims of holding "the truth" and "the solution"
* Usage of conspiracy theories & heavy usage of propagandist style/ * Technical approach to solving problems
* Relying on a statist approach, Top-down structured
* Against free speech; Not thinking for yourself.
* A militant like movement where members become warriors/ evangelists.
I was wondering if anyone has any good resources that can be used and I would like to see also where this approach differs from a p2p approach, and what it shares.
I remember some discussions on the e-mail list but nothing really coherent.

@_date: 2010-07-23 23:13:33
@_author: Robin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] criticizing zeitgeist movement and venus project 
I have been researching more about it this week and came to the conclusion that the Venus Project must be a joke. It actually comes very close to the novel Player Piano ( by Kurt Vonnegut.
I wrote a bit about it on Sharewiki.org:
Not sure this is worth a blog-post, as previously asked by Michel.

@_date: 2010-07-25 16:33:25
@_author: Robin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] criticizing zeitgeist movement and venus project 
Interesting observation. You can argue the same about Hitler. Remember he got into power by blaming the (international) banking system for the problems in German Society? And in fact, you could even see all the "followers" of Zeitgeist (many people in my own networks) as people who say "We didn't know", while all information about the fallacies and fascist tendencies of the Venus Project are clearly on their website. But who read "Mein Kampf" anyway? A clear exaggeration but an interesting parallel at the least...
In other words, your blog-post reads: "What the first movie does, is make the viewer question all that is around him/her, and that seems to be its only objective". That's exactly the purpose of the movie! To confuse your reality, to let you know that there is no truth and then, when you've reached a state where your whole world-view has fallen apart, to replace it with something that is even more insane. This is mass-manipulation at its best, not even to mention the use of all the propagandist material, the manipulation tools and the amazingly high amount of lies in the first 3 movies.
And what are Fresco's ideas behind it? Engineers to look after "social evolution" (sic!), destroying all current cities and replace them with his own designs and to have engineers and artificial intelligence look after our social well-being. Apart from that he proposes to restore traditional family values and thinks that humans are uncapable of making decisions. In addition, he thinks we should all wait for the world to collapse and then for Venus to take over. In other words: to make all people zombies. You can't do anything about it at the moment... all you can do is build up the movement, and wait. If any of this information was in the movie, no-one would take it seriously...
In addition, you also argue in your blog-post that Fresco is beyond his time. I think he got stuck somewhere in the 50's. For me Fresco is repeating and reproducing the very same logic and paradigm that holds us back today: a deep lack of democracy and freedom; a deep lack of trust in people themselves. If you think also that people are generally stupid, that's o.k. to think. But if you think you are better capable of making decisions for them and we can better have engineers to look after them, than you're on a dangerous path, highly dangerous. In my analysis, Fresco is utterly conservative. But we live in confusing times, so many see him as progressive...
And the whole build up of his Venus ideology resembles so much of a marxist-leninist approach: first we will take over the state, and then slowly we move towards our dreamed state of being. No political scientist would take any of this serious. I personally thought it was a joke, as if grandpa never read anything about social history and political science. It is an extremely poor ideology. That or he's simply For me, promoting Zeitgeist -the activist and communication arm of the Venus Project- in any form is a complete denial of humanity, for the ideas behind it: to reach sustainability by means of a dystopian state. It is intrinsically designed to be authoritarian and driven by dictatorship! I think Zeitgeist supporters should become aware of the dangers of the ideas they are supporting by broadcasting the movie, spreading the flyers, sending the e-mails, linking to the movie, to the websites, etc.
However there are interesting debates we could have, such as the role of artificial intelligence and how to democratically embed any form of a resource-based economy. Those ideas have nothing to do with the Venus Project in my opinion. Besides, they are not new.
Read also this e-mail on the open manufacturing list, one of the only few references I could find on our common lists.
this is Fresco's reading list; filled with old books:

@_date: 2010-07-25 17:28:07
@_author: Robin 
@_subject: [p2p-research] criticizing zeitgeist movement and venus project 
Apologies. I guess I got mixed up with what I read. The things is that this whole Venus also kind of gets me emotionally. I simply can't understand why people are falling for this.
Thanks for the smiley :)
