
@_date: 2010-12-12 08:53:17
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
I'd like to tell a related story. I coordinate a network that trains farmers on a new method of rice farming called the system of rice intensification (
In my experience, out of 10 farmers, we talk to, 8 or 9 would raise all kinds of problems and reasons why the method will not work. But 1 or 2 would want to try the method out immediately and would keep bothering us for more information, what the requirements are, how to start, etc. etc. The latter (the "early adopters") are the people we usually focus our training attention on. Our success-on-first-try (SOFT) rates are usually much better with them than with the former, who tend to give up too soon.
It is often the success of the early adopters that gets the skeptics to eventually try the method too. And then some of these skeptics often turn out to be eventually as enthusiastic in their promotion of SRI, after they have actually tried it out. The important thing is to convince them to try it out first.

@_date: 2010-12-13 22:24:01
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
Hi Martin,
I would like to continue our dialog; sorry for the long delay.
When you are travelling or are in remote, you usually have no choice but to be off the net. I don't think getting off the net for a few days will give you the feel of not having access. It is not long enough. When you asked people to "log off", I initially thought you meant to try living without the Internet. When you take such a critical position of the Internet (as I do... see for instance  it is
important to balance that critique with what could it mean if we were
*without* it.
On the material basis of the information sector, I think you are right
to point it out. However, the essence of the sector is the immateriality
(or intangibility, the term I use more often) of information, and it is
this intangibility which determines the special unique features of the
information sector (in particular, the near-zero marginal cost and the
non-rival nature of information goods).
In the same way that industrial sector of the economy has a basis in the
agriculture/natural resources sector, yet is distinct from it, the
information sector likewise has a basis in the industrial sector (the
entire hardware infrastructure of the information sector is part of the
industrial sector) but is distinct from it. And the distinctions are
quite clear: the agriculture sector is a sector of living goods, the
industrial sector is the sector of non-living material goods and the
information sector is the sector of non-material goods. We all know, of
course, how the industrial sector impinges on the agriculture/natural
resources sector (which we might also call the ecological sector). So
as far as ecological disruption is concerned, the greatest challenge is posed by the industrial sector, including that  part on which the information sector is based.
I think this way of looking at the major sectors of the economy answers
your concern -- it fully acknowledges and recognizes the industrial
(non-living, material) sector. I have said elsewhere that the solution is a shift to closed material loops, fuelled by renewable energy (easier said than done ...)
Let me clarify that I don't believe in the "progress" principle of one
replacing the other, of the agriculture/natural resource economy being
replaced by the industrial economy which is turn is supposed to be
replaced in the future by the information economy. I look at it more as
diversification of options and choices. Some people can choose to live
their lives mostly in the agricultural sector, or in the industrial
sector, or in the information sector, etc. What is important is for the
strengths and positive aspects of all these sectors to be enhanced and
the "dark side" minimized.
What led me to answer your post is actually the impression (which could
be wrong...) that you were focused on the 90% that is bad and were
criticizing some of us for focusing on the 10% that we considered good
(such as the potential for abundance, of which critique I believe
triggered these exchanges, or the benefits of the intangibility of
I've compared it earlier to the half-full, half-empty debate (ok, 10%
full, 90% empty...). I don't mind that others focus on the 90% bad state
of the world. I have also been through a pessimistic phase myself and
know the feeling.
But I do consider it misguided to criticize people who focus on the 10%
good, for not focusing on climate change, the extinctions of species
(actually I did mention them in my abundance paper, but the paper's
critics must have missed it) and all those other bad things that make up
90% of the state of the planet. At a certain point, when one decides to
work on the 10% part that is good in order to expand it, so that it
becomes maybe 11% then 12 then 15, 20, 50 and so on, this work will
require *all* of one's attention, that one concludes: let others work on
the 90% if that's what they want, I want to focus on the 10%, the
positive advocacies, and turn them into the future of this planet.
This is actually what I like about the P2P list. Many (most?) people are
working on the 10% good, instead of dwelling too much on the 90% bad.

@_date: 2010-12-18 18:41:44
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
Since these exchanges used my paper on abundance as example of what
seems to be seen by some as a failing of the ICC, I'd like to respond.
I do come from the Global South, from a network that promotes
sustainable agriculture (in particular the system of rice
intensification/SRI), and was asked to give one of two keynotes, in the
third of 3 streams of the ICC. It was a welcome opportunity to present
one of many perspectives from the South. I know a few who specifically
went to the third stream because one of the speakers was from the Global
I would have wanted more questions from the audience, especially since
I've worked both on ICT and the agriculture/natural
resources/environment issues. I would have wanted to talk to more people
too, but time was simply not enough. Indeed some people were interested
enough in a dialogue that they sought me out and we had a good exchange,
from which I learned much too  (this will be reflected in the final
version of the abundance paper I distributed at the ICC).
The abundance paper has been criticized too for not dwellling enough on
the environmental crisis. I just wonder how much of this criticism is
from an unfairly selective reading of the paper, which *did* talk about
the environmental crisis and the dominance of corporate power that is
bringing this about. In fact, at the conclusion of the paper AND my
talk, I focused on the global domination by corporations, and how this
was the greatest challenge of this century. To mechanically count words
associated with the paper's positive message of abundance and words
associated with "crisis", as  some have done, will not do justice to a
paper that has specifically chosen to focus on a positive message while
acknowledging the dominant negative context. Of course, I'm only
speaking about my paper on abundance and the criticisms raised against
it. But perhaps, the ICC organizers were trying to do something similar:
to focus on a positive message while acknowledging the dominant negative
As one of the ICC keynote speakers, I was *not* silent on this matter,
both in my paper and in my talk. I pointed out that abundance had two
consequences: positive if the source of abundance is held in common, for
the common good, and negative if the source of abundance is held
privately for corporate profit-making. But none in the audience picked
up on it however. In a way, after the keynotes, it is the audience that
sets the direction of further exchanges through questions and comments
on the floor. I have not been through all the ICC papers yet, especially
the workshops, but I suspect similar observations as yours and mine were
also raised in some of them, but these need to be teased out for further
I sympathize with your example above. This very similar to what I
pointed out in the abundance paper and my keynote -- that commoners can
pull the events one way, but corporate power and their domesticated
humans can pull them another way, that this was still an open-ended
issue, the results of which would define the 21st century.
My keynote did raise some of these strategic questions you refer to above.
However, I would also like to point out that public debates cannot
settle which solutions are effective. Everyone has their own idea about
specific solutions. (In my particular case, we are exploring the higher
yields possible from the system of rice intensification/SRI to help
farmers trapped in chemical farming to shift to organic approaches. We
are using a mix of traditional approaches -- one-day trainings, printed
primers, tabloid ads -- and newer technologies like texting/SMS with
cellphones, video CDs and DVDs for farmer education and training, etc.)
Only when we see proposed solutions actually implemented can we actually
observe the real results, the consequences down the line, and especially
unintended side-effects of each solution. Your boss' approach exposes
itself fairly quickly. But we have to stick with some solutions for
sometime, and let these work themselves out, before all consequences and
side-effects can show up. And you'd have to understand that once people
are focused on particular solutions, the negative context, though still
dominant, recedes in the background, and people are full of great ideas,
full of hope and brimming with positive thoughts. It doesn't mean they
are denying the negative context; it means not letting it rule their
lives. It means they have passed the pessimist stage and can now see a
way out of the current crises. They don't anymore mechanically project
into the future the negative context that dominate present.
May I also add that from a Philippine perspective (and perhaps much of
the Global South as well), the past 3 decades or so have all been
decades of crisis -- from the oil crisis, to the debt crisis, to the
financial crisis, all kinds of environmental crises, not to mention the
regular natural disasters that visit our country, from typhoons,
earthquakes to volcanic eruptions and tsunamis. Many people from the
highly developed economies are probably feeling the effects of the
economic crisis directly and personally for the first time, so I can see
why crisis currently dominates their thinking.
This is why I like about the P2P Foundation approach. I come across a
rich variety of solutions actually being tried out and implemented,
exploring a range of loosely- to tightly-connected approaches. For me,
it is the diversity that is important, giving people the option to
choose whichever suits them best. Very different from the Old Left
approach which, in the past, seemed to be the only alternative to the
existing capitalist mode.
Greetings to all from the Philippines,

@_date: 2010-12-22 04:16:46
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p credit card 
I couldn't find from the site any name of person... But there is a physical address given in the small print: 157 Bishopsgate, London, EC2M

@_date: 2010-12-31 14:04:02
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Information sector: a qualitative different mode of 
I will argue that there are important qualitative differences between production in the agriculture, industrial and information fields. Agriculture is about living goods, which by nature reproduce themselves. The role of the human is secondary to the intrinsic process of reproduction by every species of their own kind. Industrial production is about non-living material goods. It starts with dead matter (it must be killed if it is not dead yet), and transforms this raw material into finished products through human labor, usually aided by machines (or more commonly now, through machines, aided by human labor). Industrial production gets much of its raw material from living matter, but that does not make it identical to agricultural production. The production of information is also a creative act, like the design of material goods, but information itself is non-material, intangible, and in most cases can be represented by a binary string or its equivalent, which makes it qualitatively different from material goods, even if this intangible is stored in material media, or needs some material tools (and non-material ones too, like software), to process it.
Anyone who does not yet see the essential difference between information as an intangible good, and say a car as a tangible good, or the difference between fixed costs and variable costs, cannot yet fully appreciate why today's ICTs represent a qualitatively different *mode* of production from the industrial mode, in the same way that the industrial mode is qualitatively different from the agricultural mode, even if it uses agricultural products as raw materials.
It is true that the Internet requires a tangible infrastructure, such as a network of servers, routers, satellites, undersea cables, modems, transceivers, computers, CD readers/burners, etc. etc. These are products of the industrial economy. But the bits, bytes and files for rent, for sale or given away for free, that course through this fixed infrastructure are the intangible goods of the information economy. They are qualitatively different from industrial goods, which are in turn qualitatively different from living goods.
I don't believe that self-replicating robots can save us either. Techno-utopianism is different from a hard-nosed recognition of the qualitative difference between making a thousand units of any assembly of metal, rubber and plastic versus making a thousand copies of any file.
In short, this debate is whether we consider -- or not -- the information production mode as a qualitatively different mode of production, which must be studied on its own terms, compared to industrial production, in the same way that the industral mode is qualitatively different from the agricultural mode.
These three modes also have their similarities, and all three are also subject to ownership and control conflicts. I have made clear in my Berlin paper that I consider the conflict between monopoly, common ownership, and competition to be a defining conflict of the 21st century.
Greetings to all,
Roberto Verzola

@_date: 2010-12-31 14:04:23
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] - Re: [Commoning] ?ce 
Trees normally don't need human care to bear fruits. But people can do so if it makes them happy.
If you go back far enough into the past, most occupied land today is the result of a land grab.
I probably live today on land that was in the past stolen from someone else, who might have also grabbed it from an even earlier native, or traced far back enough, from some animal hunting ground. It should not stop me from planting trees and growing a vegetable garden in order to create a little abundance for my family. A farming family might be fighting an ejection case by a landlord, but they can still maintain their garden and make a living out of it.
In the information economy, information abundance comes from the near-zero marginal cost of reproducing information. In agriculture, biological abundance comes from the instinct in every organism to reproduce itself (whether or not a human takes care of it). There is another source of abundance I did not mention in my Berlin paper: creative organization. Separately or arranged badly, different components may not produce much or none at all, but organized in a special way, they interact synergistically, produce more than the sum of the individual parts, in abundance.
Today, much of the potential abundance is either privatized/monopolized or suppressed/undermined, to create artificial scarcity. But the more conscious the people are of the potential, the better the chances they can act together to realize that potential and focus on ways to make the abundance accessible to more people and to make the abundance last longer, or even make it last indefinitely.
The difference is between a source of abundance (be it information, biological, creative organization, or others) that is held in monopoly for profit-seeking, and one that is held in common for the general good. Between these opposite poles are shades of control and ownership that have to be studied and tried out.
Roberto Verzola

@_date: 2010-11-18 06:55:36
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Actually Existing Internet Communism 
I agree with you, Kevin, about non-State, non-commercial economic activities. Commons are one example. Toeffler a long time ago called it "prosumption" (production for consumption), I believe. I have also come across a apt term, "self-provisioning". Perhaps this classification suggests itself: State-provisioning, market-provisioning, mutual (P2P?)-provisioning, self-provisioning, etc. It also fits nicely into the definition of economics as the study of society's provisioning process. Of course, as you said, many do the activity not for its provisioning result (which may just be a side-effect) but for the sheer joy of doing it.
Greetings to all from Manila,
Roberto Verzola

@_date: 2010-11-18 08:18:27
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Interesting books 
Thanks for calling attention to Marvin Brown's book on provisioning, Michel. There's another newly published book that I would recommend. Plenitude by Juliet Schor. We've got three recent books on the subject now: Schor's, Wolfgang Hoeschele's The Economics of Abundance, and William Dugger and James Peach's Economic Abundance. Then I would add my chapter on Undermining Abundance in the recent book Access to Knowledge in the Age of Intellectual Property.
Greetings to all,
Roberto Verzola

@_date: 2010-11-22 08:51:43
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] reminder of the las indias trilogy 
I found the book on phyles quite interesting, but I would need to read it several times, to digest the whole idea. One quick reaction: de Ugarte  write about the Dunbar number (basically the optimum membership of a community). I found a really very good discussion of these "magic numbers" (optimum number of people for a team, a neighborhood, a community, a city, etc. -- actually a range of numbers, not a single figure) in HUMAN SCALE by Kirkpatrick Sale. Sale argues that there is a human scale in politics, economics, buildings, etc.
In HUMAN SCALE, Sale also asserts that the most efficient transport mode of all (compared to running animals, flying animals, planes, trains and various other modes of transport), is the bicycle.
Greetings to all,
Roberto Verzola

@_date: 2010-11-29 13:17:38
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
You point out a real dilemma. I'm based in the Philippines and have been an activist both in the information and agriculture fields. Although I helped introduce the Internet among Philippine NGOs, I eventually realized the dark side of the Internet too, which I describe in detail in my book Towards a Political Economy of Information (full text available here:  and several other pieces circulating online. I even went as far as "logging off", as you suggested (again, I describe this the book) and only occasionally using Internet cafes for some searching and emailing. I did so for around one year.
And I truly saw the dilemma. The Internet was so biased in favor of big monopolists that to simply join it already made us markets for hardware, software, connectivity, consultancies, etc. etc. So, we join and we already lose. Yet, if we don't join we also lose by default, by not contesting what is a growing arena of conflict and where rules and practices were being set with hardly any public debate etc. Then there were the tools that we could use (mainly the email, the egroups and the search engines) to reach some people who would otherwise be beyond reach or too expensive to do so. We could have stuck to faxing and overseas calls, but it didn't make sense. We would lose likewise. Facjng such dilemma, I had to find some principled balance. Today, I use paper and pencil a lot for drafts (I drafted my talk at the Berlin ICC 2010 with paper and pencil), and I don't have a laptop. But I still use a desktop and still type some drafts directly on the keyboard. However, I can think clearly even without my fingers on a keyboard, which is not the case anymore with many people I know. I don't use FaceBook or similar sites, but I use search engines a lot. (I don't own a car either and rely on public transport, but when friends offer me a ride on their car, I'm thankful. Maybe I still need to do things differently in the future; balancing is a real dilemma.
In my case. however, I decided that "logging off" was not an option. Since you are on this list, it seems you have decided likewise not to "log off". I'm curious though if you have actually "logged off" yourself and if you think that experience was a good long-term approach. I decided it wasn't.
On the material/immaterial debate: you are right that the Internet/cyberspace sits on a material medium. I was concerned about that too and looked for ways that poor farmers in the Philippines might take advantage of its benefits without the high costs. So we are experimenting with SMS and CD players. I coordinate a farmers' network called SRI-Pilipinas (SRI is system of rice intensification), where farmers text us their mailing address then we send them by snail mail a free primer, and then offer to send at minimum cost a training CD on SRI. We announce our cellphone number via radio stations, because farmers can afford a $10 transistor radio (one-time cost) and about $1 a month for batteries. If they don't have a cellphone (many do, because they have relatives  working as overseas contract workers), they can ask a neighbor to send the SMS, and there is usually one or a few VCD or DVD players even in the poorest village. This program is still ongoing. Even in this situation, it is hard *not to see* the benefits of "intangibility" -- the low cost of texting (which admittedly can still be lower if the mobile ISPs were not so biased against the poor) -- and the low cost of reproducing CDs/DVDs. The principle we try to follow is we don't want to ask people to buy new hardware or software. We want them to learn how to fully utilize the information tools they already own or have access to. Again, there are all kinds of dilemmas here, but the challenge, if you ask me, is to find the balance, rather than to "log off" and lose by default. I can imagine not using the Internet, but distributing DVDs instead, if a village already has some DVD players, but no Internet cafe. The demand to set up an Internet cafe will not come from me. But when an entrepreneur sees a business opportunity, and sets up an Internet cafe, which does provide lower-cost options for farmers (like emailing their daughters abroad or talking to them on webcam, instead of making overseas calls), I feel obligated to point out this lower-cost option for farmers. The alternative is to watch them dissipate their hard-earned money on older, more expensive methods.
I am also aware of the evils of technologies and have written about it. Here in the Philippines, I led a 30-day hunger strike in 2003 against the commercial introduction of Bt corn. I am also deeply involved in the anti-nuclear campaign. Lines have to be drawn. I use the term "human-scale" technologies on one hand, and technologies "beyond human-scale" on the other hand. Nuclear technology and genetic engineering, I put under the latter, because nuclear wastes that last tens or hundreds of thousands of years are beyond the scale of the longevity of humans or even civilizations. Engineered organisms, which reproduce, mutate, and evolve are also beyond our capacity to control. I would probably put nanotechnology in the same category (I need to read about it some more).
I'm not ready to say though that information/communications technologies are beyond human-scale to control and regulate. I don't think "fab labs" are beyond human-scale either. I could be wrong (I've been reading Ray Kurzweil's The Singularity is Near), but perhaps not, based on my own engagement with these technologies.
I've been talking about the nature of the technologies themselves. Ownership is of course another issue. If a technology is beyond human-scale, ownership isn't very relevant, It wouldn't matter if the P2P Foundation were the one running a nuclear plant or engineering a new bacterium. They would still be beyond human-scale. But if a technology by nature problemmatic, then ownership and/or control is a major issue, as someone else pointed out here. One of the things I've advocated in my book is to turn the hardware infrastructures of cyberspace itself into community-owned facilities or into commons.
I realize that our positions and analyses are colored by our own experiences, so I can't insist that my experience is more valid than yours. Among the Philippine Greens, we are wary of anyone who says theirs is the only way out. We need a variety / range of strategies and approaches, because people whose experiences vary may developed varied approaches too. I think all the different alternative approaches (though, as I said above, we have to draw a line somewhere), have to be given a chance to play themselves out.
My concept of abundance, which has been criticized by some, is different from the technologically deterministic cornucopian view represented by Kurzweil in his Singularity book. I recognize the limits imposed by material resources and I wrote in my paper at the Berlin ICC 2010 that abundance in the industrial sector will need to emulate ecosystems and rely on close material loops fuelled by renewable energy. If metals were treated as a flow rather than a stock in closed material loops fuelled by renewable energy, we'd need to worry less about the material limits. After all matter is never destroyed: all the metals dug out of the earth in the past are mostly still around. We just need to learn better how to use them in the context of closed material loops.
I recognize the current ecological (and socio-economic) crisis of the present. To put it simplistically, I would agree that the present is 90% bad and 10% good (or whatever hi/lo number you might want to assign). It is fine too that some want to focus their attention on the 90%. But I think it is even better, describing the same present situation, to focus on the 10%. There is even an approach called "appreciative inquiry" that has systematized this way on focusing on the good as a strategy for overcoming the bad.
In addition, I disagree with those who would mechanically project the present into the future. The future is NOT necessarily 90% bad and 10% good, even if the present is. If we focus on the possibilities opened up by the 10% (which is what I essentially did in my Berlin paper), we can help the good grow, and who knows, if we work together hard enough, it might even become the dominant feature in the future.
While you might have met some people at the conference who "suck up to IT corporations", I don't think anyone who  posted any recent message on this list meets the characterization.
I'd really be interested in continuing the dialogue between commoners who work in the cyberspace realm, and those who work in the agriculture and natural resources sector, especially since I straddle both realms and I'm painfully aware of the dilemmas and differences. I think the Berlin ICC was a good start.
Cheers, and warm greetings to all,

@_date: 2011-01-01 10:00:29
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Information sector: a qualitatively different mode 
We were not talking about selective breeding. Almost by definition, it involves human intervention.
I was saying that a fruit tree does not need human care to bear fruit -- the fruit trees that I grew up with anyway, in both urban and rural areas of the Philippines. We have a mango tree right in our small backyard that shades part of our roof. And it just bears fruit, and several months a year, we enjoy an abundance of mangoes, just from a single tree. In my province north of the Philippines which I used to visit often in my youth, fruit trees grew even in wild areas. Almost by definition too, and certainly from my own experience, fruit trees bear fruits, which have seeds that can become fruit trees themselves. When these drop to the ground (or we who ate them leave seeds around), many germinate and some grow to become trees themselves, which in time will also bear fruits. Without human intervention. Some people may pamper their trees, but I'm sure the trees would bear fruit anyway without the pampering. That's why we call them fruit trees.
If it is true, as you say, that fruit trees in your country won't bear fruits unless you took care of them, then I'm sorry for your country. But I still find it hard to believe that if, hypothetically, an entire U.K. village were abandoned by people, the fruit trees there will stop bearing fruits for lack of human care.
My thesis about abundance in agriculture is premised on my observation, which I believe is true, that all species have the inherent urge (and capability) to reproduce their own kind -- without human intervention. I am willing to concede that a handful food crops might be exceptions. But only a handful. And if you are right, I am also willing to concede that fruit trees in the U.K. are different. ;-)
If these tribals you refer to left the forest, I am quite confident the fruit trees will continue bearing fruits as usual.
Well, on this list, that is a very unusual claim. I can imagine agrochemical firms making such a false claim, to sell their products. In general, unless you are starting with a desert in the first place, if you leave the land alone, a succession of plant types will grow until it reaches some kind of a stable ecosystem. Here, that will probably be a tropical forest of some kind. Even in the U.K., I'm sure you'd end up with some kind of a plant community. And that process of succession will build up the top soil. It is soil biota that make soils fertile -- insects, arthropods, earthworks, bacteria, fungi and various other decomposers. They break down and decompose organic matter, turning it into humus. They have been doing so before humans walked the Earth. They are still doing so today. But if you are right in the case of the U.K., then I'd even be sorrier for your country, You're in a really bad situation there, mate.
On second thought. The U.K. has many permaculturists, and the essence of permaculture is to create an artificial forest of food and cash crops, following the ideal forest that maintains and regenerates itself with little or no human intervention, except to harvest the products. This tells me even U.K. fruit trees can bear fruits and U.K. soils can stay fertile without hard labor. ;-)
Well, that's the heart of our debate then. The above was just banter.
I assert that the differences between the agricultural, industrial and information modes are of primary importance. These differences arise from the very nature of the goods involved in each mode, and the differences propagate to the level of social relations, including the thinking of people involved in the production of such goods.
If one's family is hungry and one has a loaf of bread, it is quite hard to share that bread with another family, because you lose what you share. But if you have a copy of a song, you can let another person make a copy, without foregoing your own enjoyment of the song. The very nature of the intangible good is in harmony with the social relation of sharing. While the rivalrous nature of tangible goods makes sharing harder, there are still situations that can push people to share material goods; for instance, if the means of producing them requires the cooperation of several or many people, then sharing also becomes a logical option.
In short, you cannot ignore the nature of the different goods themselves (living, non-living material, non-material) when considering what kind of social relations are appropriate for particular goods.
It can even affect thinking (values, even ideology, if you will), not just social relations. To give one example: when working with living organisms, the role of the human is secondary (the human is *not* essential for the soil to become fertile or for trees to bear fruits). Every organism has the urge and the capability to reproduce its own kind. The farmer "helps" the process, and watch out for things that can disrupt the process, but the process has its own internal logic, its own pace, that the farmer has to respect. On the other hand, in an industrial process, dead matter that is the raw material will not transform itself into a finished product, without the intervention of human labor (aided by machines). The human is central to the process of turning the dead raw material into a finished product. This is not a secondary but the principal role. This difference is bound to result in real differences in values (and ideology) between the farmer and the worker. The farmer "takes care" of plants and animals. The worker "cuts", "hammers", "melts", "welds", etc. the dead raw material to shape it into a finished product. How very different actions, and therefore very different modes of thinking too. Where workers are a part of a factory system based on machinery, then the worker becomes an extension

@_date: 2011-01-01 21:12:05
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] information sector: a qualitatively different mode 
Trees normally don't need human care to bear fruits. But people can do so if it makes them happy.
If you go back far enough into the past, most occupied land today is the result of a land grab.
I probably live today on land that was in the past stolen from someone else, who might have also grabbed it from an even earlier native, or traced far back enough, from some animal hunting ground. It should not stop me from planting trees and growing a vegetable garden in order to create a little abundance for my family. A farming family might be fighting an ejection case by a landlord, but they can still maintain their garden and make a living out of it.
In the information economy, information abundance comes from the near-zero marginal cost of reproducing information. In agriculture, biological abundance comes from the instinct in every organism to reproduce itself (whether or not a human takes care of it). There is another source of abundance I did not mention in my Berlin paper: creative organization. Separately or arranged badly, different components may not produce much or none at all, but organized in a special way, they interact synergistically, produce more than the sum of the individual parts, in abundance.
Today, much of the potential abundance is either privatized/monopolized or suppressed/undermined, to create artificial scarcity. But the more conscious the people are of the potential, the better the chances they can act together to realize that potential and focus on ways to make the abundance accessible to more people and to make the abundance last longer, or even make it last indefinitely.
The difference is between a source of abundance (be it information, biological, creative organization, or others) that is held in monopoly for profit-seeking, and one that is held in common for the general good. Between these opposite poles are shades of control and ownership that have to be studied and tried out.
Roberto Verzola

@_date: 2011-01-03 09:30:42
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance in agriculture 
I sure hope we can continue this useful exchange. To meet your concern about S/N ratio, I will try to keep my responses shorter. I have also retitled this exchange on agriculture and separated it from the exchange on the differences between agriculture, industrial, and information modes.
Ok then. I'll shift from banter to serious mode. I assure you that trees in the Philippines can bear fruit and reproduce without human care, and soils that are left alone for years will start growing initially weeds, subsequently bushes and shrubs, and then trees (including some fruit trees), in the process building up the soil and making it more fertile. Even in the center of Manila, abandoned walled-off construction sites that are left untouched soon show the start of this process of colonization by wild plants. This is the heart of abundance in agriculture: the built-in urge of every organism to reproduce itself, and a related tendency in ecosystems to fill every available niche.
I'll take your word that in the U.K., trees need human care/intervention to bear fruit and to reproduce, and soils need human care to be fertile.
Then, it seems to me that the creation of artificial scarcity and the suppression of natural abundance is even much worse in some countries (like the UK) than I thought. The UK you picture illustrates how natural processes that used to be sources of abundance have been so undermined that they are almost erased even from the people's consciousness, including, it seems, activists like you. The creators of artificial scarcity have managed to convince people that they have to *do something* (or more probably *buy or rent* something...) to make a tree bear fruit and reproduce itself, and to make the soil fertile. So convinced, in fact, that you now forcefully argue that it cannot be otherwise! (Just like mothers who insist on buying formula milk for their baby, convinced that their own breast milk is inadequate...)
In fact, *as long as you refuse to be seduced* by offers of "seedless" fruits, "better" hybrids, chemicals that induce flowering, "soil conditioners" and other fertilizers, "weed"-killers, pesticides, and similar poisoned pills from the agrochemical industry, this natural urge to reproduce will reassert itself, and you can look forward to a more abundant agriculture in the future, with much less purchased inputs, perhaps even none.
But this has to start with a change of mindset among activists like you. You need to free yourself from the grip of the artificial scarcity mindset, appreciate once more the abundance that nature is capable of providing, and relearn the conditions needed to bring this about.
In a debate, especially among friends, I usually avoid calling the other side "arrogant". If it is arrogant to think that trees can bear fruit and reproduce on their own, and that soils can maintain their fertility on their own, with no human intervention, what would you call someone who believes that trees cannot, and soils cannot, unless the human If your permaculture friends are working harder than conventional farmers, they must be getting some wrong advice, because a lot of permaculture is about energy efficiency and conservation, particularly in human energy. That is why:

@_date: 2011-01-03 09:41:21
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] agri, industrial and info modes 
I have retitled this thread and will try to keep it shorter, to improve the S/N ratio.
I think this debate about how significant (primary or not?) the differences between agriculture, industrial and information modes of production is a key debate. Resolving it (or at least identifying the strongest arguments from both sides) will be very helpful to subsequent interactions between commoners working within or straddling these modes, so I hope you will keep on.
I will rephrase my assertion, in the hope that the debate can move on: the differences between agriculture, industrial and information modes are *significant enough* that they should be considered qualitatively *distinct* modes, despite their many commonalities.
I am presuming (and please confirm if you agree) that this assertion is obvious for agriculture and industry, so the debate really centers on the industrial and information modes.
I suggest the following basis for the qualitative distinctions between the three modes:
agriculture -- living, material goods
industrial -- non-living material goods
information -- non-material goods
The economy has a few more sectors (human services, financial) but I will focus at this point on the above.
Note that the industrial mode uses agriculture as a base (it needs the land, and uses raw materials from agriculture). The information mode also uses the industrial mode as a base (the hardware required to make the Internet work).
Note further that all three grapple with similar issues: self-provisioning, mutual provisioning, community provisioning, market provisioning, State provisioning etc. In the property/ownership language, private property, joint property, commonly-held property / common pool resources, municipal / city / public / govt / State property etc. These are also very important issues and I have tackled them elsewhere. Google, for instance "cyberlords rentiers of the information Some people have actually failed to recognize the essential difference between agriculture (the farmer nurtures and protects living processes to ensure a perpetual stream of goods, services and other income from these processesl) and industry (the worker, aided by machines, transforms dead raw materials into finished products). The misapplication of the industrial mindset in agriculture is a major cause of the ecological crisis under industrialism (of the capitalist and socialist types). And this problem of treating agriculture as simply another branch of industry persists today.
I think the heart of the current debate is whether or not to recognize a similar essential difference between the industrial and information modes, significant enough to consider them qualitatively distinct modes. Significant enough to distinguish between agriculture, industrial, and information modes. I think so, Martin thinks not. This is how he expressed it:
If we can agree that this is in fact the heart of the debate, that would be an advance.
It is common for a debate between two sides to be deadlocked. In such a case, new participants might help break the deadlock and move the debate forward. I would appreciate opinions from others. I think it would also be helpful for a debate among friends if we were a bit less polemical in tone. I am trying to do so.
Greetings to all,

@_date: 2011-01-04 12:34:13
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] agri, industrial and info modes 
Hello, Rainer. Thanks for jumping in. I classify because I think looking
for patterns a legitimate exercise. To look for differences and
commonalities is already a step towards classification.
this remark, seems a bit too
I did try to simplify it a lot, to make my message clear. Point
accepted. To nuance the description, I'd refer to the dominant content
(is it living, material non-living, non-material?) of the good, rather
than simply "the good"... But there are other nuances too, I know.
Nonetheless, I would consider my attempt an advance over the usual
primary, secondary, tertiary etc., which doesn't reveal anything about
the nature of each category, or even the pre-industrial, industrial,
post-industrial categories, which don't reveal essential differences either.
Even if mining is in the primary sector, I would count it not under
agriculture but the industrial sector, because mining involves
non-living goods (coal, mineral ores, etc.)
I did mention human services and finance, but didn't want to complicate
the exchanges with new categories.
I focused on information because that is where abundance today is
hardest to deny, but we could later extend the discussion to human
services and finance. (To me, "human services" means you are using
somebody's time, which cannot be reproduced with near-zero marginal
cost, while information can be. One trend today, which is not necessary
good, is the gradual elimination of human services through robotic
devices or through automated software. As for finance, there is an
essential difference between money and information: we can't copy money
in the same way we can copy information, so I hesitate to group them
(why, Roberto, do you use "mode"?).
(Also to Michel:) I used the word "mode" loosely. I have also used
"sectors" in other pieces.
I also agree with Wolfgang that this is just one way of looking at the
whole -- highlighting certain differences and commonalities. Whether it
is one valid way of doing so depends on whether we get useful insights
out of this way of looking at the matter. And I think we do. But we
highlight a different set of differences and commonalities, and maybe
other equally useful insights will reveal themselves too. As he said (more or less), there is no single perspective that is best in all contexts.
Greetings to all,

@_date: 2011-01-04 17:39:23
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] two more books on abundance 
Two more interesting books on abundance, after Schorr's Plenitude and Hoeschele's Economics of Abundance, were published in 2010:
The Economics of Abundance by Brendan Sheehan
Sustainable Growth in a Post-Scarcity World by Philip Sadler
I have not read either but the Table of Contents are interesting, and Sadler's Ch. 2 is available online.
Greetings to all,

@_date: 2011-01-05 13:24:25
@_author: Roberto Verzola 
@_subject: [p2p-research] GAIA - Global Alliance for Immediate Alteration 
There is another GAIA, in existence for many years now: the Global Alliance for Incinerator Alternatives, also called the Global Anti-Incinerator Alliance. It is a very active environmental group that works closely with Greenpeace.
