
@_date: 2007-12-01 07:52:14
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] list admin settings 
Perhaps if we think that a post needs to go to p2presearch at listcultures.org,
we should make a rule to forward it there instead of "cc'ing"
p2presearch at listcultures.org into our offlist discussions?

@_date: 2007-12-01 08:47:47
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] threat of wiki bio deletion 
The people listed in the 2006 discussion are the same people who tried to
delete the entry that authored on wikipedia about Clare W Graves!  :- /
I am afraid that anything that is associated (whether the association is
accurate or not) with Ken Wilber is doomed to be sucked into a void of
confusion and misunderstanding.
Michel, where can we find the "new" campaign to delete your entry?

@_date: 2007-12-01 10:07:34
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] threat of wiki bio deletion 
Henrik, good point. There are actually quite a few forks of Wikipedia out
there, since the platform (media wiki) and the content are both open, and it
is fairly simply to grab the database dumpt, just export via XML specific
I think one issue for some people is that Wikipedia is widely know, highly
visible, so there is a "power law" at work, that makes some people concerned
that their content or bio page are being debated for deletion. If you google
"wikipedia bio page deletion" you will find a few authors and "net" notable
people being concerned about their bios being removed from wikipedia. I
think the concern is rooted in the "power law" of highly pervasive network
links that lead back to wikipedia, and therefore make having a "presence"
about you, or what you are doing on wikipedia a good way to increase your
"visibility" and "findability" online
Personally, it's not a really big deal to me whether they delete pages that
i make on Wikipedia, but it is frustrating to spend time, and then have
people come along and pass inaccurate judgements and start mangling work I
put into it. it is for this reason that I have stopped contributing to
wikipedia, and have "forked" my energies into other wikis and communities
while back.
I agree, I think that due to the "centrality" of wikipedia, as a source and
due to the "open" nature of the medium, people with projects, and
"notability" could put more energies towards  increasing the visibility,
findability, and uptake/participation  of/in their own knowledge bases, and
open knowledge projects. This might bear more overall "return" in the long
run, than trying to lobby within Wikipedia, which can have mixed results.
I agree with you, for sure, although....
I think that in the case of Open Source software projects, for participants,
it's easy to set up your own online tools, workspaces, mailing lists, etc,
plus, you are aware of how these tools work, how to and how much energy ti
takes to admin, how to use them effectively etc which makes the
"costs"/barrier to entry low for people like you and me.
But, for people who lack this knowledge and literacy in technology,
information architecture, and project management/community founding it is
more difficult for them t imagine themselves "forking" a complex set of
processes and software like wikipedia. This description actually applies to
the majority of  people on the internet right now.
Plus, there are "paradigms" that I think people some internet users out
there are operating in, based on my experience consulting to people from
many different professions and disciplines. Those "paradigms" don't yet
realize the nature of digital/network medium, and compare the collaborative
filtering of knowledge to the printed book/academic ontology paradigm that
has dominated in the past few centuries. There are also cultural paradigms
that are driving the "what/who is notable" debate.
Wikipedia is actually a compromise between a more Digitally/participatory
literate, and less digitally/participatory literate world views and
Some of the social structure, rules, cultural judgements, and technical
function of wikipedia reflect the "digitally literate" world view, (such as
being openly editable, copyleft content, technical exportablility via XML,
collective governance, etc), and some reflect the "print paradigm" world
I think this set of compromises made by Wikipedia ove time, and the balance
they struck, were very key to Wikipedia's success. They also cause cultural
clashes, and different energies and solutions to emerge (such as
citizendium, on the one hand, that is a drive towards more "expert"-vetted
content, and other forks that want to make things more open, and less
centrally controlled)

@_date: 2007-12-04 12:00:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] discussion on Capital and Class issue 
Even if it turns out that there is no conflict, I think I would like to
submit a different paper, or a paper that focuses on one element of what my
presentation was at Nottingham.
I am particularly interested in writing about voluntary, self-governed,
resource pooling and gift economies, donation network "commons", and the
contexts in which they succeed and fail, plus the technologies and social
contracts, and social dynamics that help them succeed (and fail). This was
touched on in my presentation, but is something that I am currently active
in researching and implementing in several different contexts. I am seeing a
role for these "commons" as an alternative for entrepreneurs and
not-for-profits to borrowing money, or turnign to traditional venture
capital. The sources that I would site are actually the same list that I
sent to you previously, Pheobe, minus Dan Gillmore, and adding Paul Hartzog,
and likely some others...

@_date: 2007-12-06 13:46:06
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] disagreement by deletion/addition 
What about when the nature of the way we publish on the internet changes?
Michel has already talked about this in his response, which I received while
typing up this one.
Basically, DbD tends to become more desirable for wiki communities that are
gaining larger "audiences", larger collections of inbound and outbound
links, and more usage/activity. When one (openly editable) wiki begins to
build up lots of links and usage, some of the people invested in the wiki,
and even new comers might decide they want to control the message through
deletion, often giving the reason that they don't want to encourage certain
patterns of usage by making it seem as if their existence is tolerated.
One of the paradigms we created with the WikiHive model
 ? multiple installs of one wiki,
working together)  is the ability for people to instantly add a new wiki,
that is then connected automatically by links and recent changes to the
"main" wiki. This is a decentralizing tool that is an attempt to make a more
even playing field, and to make exploration of topics more faceted, and to
take into account that there are many view points. Now, it is possible to
create a whole new wiki, to explore from your viewpoint, yet still keep it
networked and linked to the wikis that grew out of. This is less of a
"forking", and more of a "faceting".
I host examples of this approach here:
and the first version of this This set up allows a person to simply tye the name of their wiki into a
form, like this:
This is based on  wiki engine (it is also currently
possible to do the same thing with MoinMoin wiki engine, and some similar
features  Some really interesting and useful features
   - "sister site" links at the bottom of pages that are "NearLinked"
   - Combined recent changes among all wikis in wiki hive
   - ability to combine recent changes with other wiki hives
   - ability to near link to wikis that are based on other wiki engines
   (like moinmoin)
   - ability to create streams of output, and simple input forms
   - ability to transclude pages into other pages
   - ability to turn "anchors" into "objects" that can be linked to
   (making comments into useful content that is reference able)
   - ability to create custom content style sheets, some of which can be
   configures to create, for instance, paper authoring, that prints referenced
   papers
      - Support for multiple languages and switching languages on the same
   page
beyond all of that, this design pattern for wiki community encourages DbA
over DbD
it is a new, decentralized way to scale-up wiki, that puts more control into
the user's hands and encourages link and promoted "addition", over burying
deletion. I call it "burying" because the wiki still holds a record int he
case of most wiki engines if you delete content. But this still makes it
more difficult to find, and is obscured from search engines, which
understandably do not follow all of the available revisions).
We would love feedback on this additive, proliferation-based, and
diversity-encouraging approach to wiki community building. Even if it is
harsh criticism. We feel we have the basic structure in a very solid state,
and we understand that the "user interface" and information architecture
could be improved (both are openly editable by users).

@_date: 2007-12-06 14:23:46
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] disagreement by deletion/addition 
yes, I think the DbA design might be more useful for:
   1. highly "open" wiki communities, both Community over content, and
   content over community. reason why: people are expecting a more "open"
   attitude. DbA and "soft security"
    help enable this and deal
   with complexity at the same time
   2. Community over content wikis in particular (though not always
   universally, again more towards the highly  "open")
In the case of p2pfoundation, which has a specific purpose among an
invitation-basd workgroup, I don't think the "Wiki Hive" super-expansionist
model would be so manageable, or useful for the goals of p2pfoundation wiki
I think in the case of linking, that it might be possible to:
   1. create and run scripts that link up with matching entries at
   "sister sites"
   2. follow up with manual linking as well
Also, we could convince other sites to adopt a "category" standard, where
certain specific categories are agreed upon and applied to pages. So the
page names can be Mnemonic, but the Categories can be an agreed upon
taxonomy. Then, a script could be created to aggregate and link those
categories, even from other wiki engines. This would take a bit of manual
work, to add the categories, but many wikis already have Categories. There
are better solutions, but they are hard to apply to existing wiki,

@_date: 2007-12-06 15:31:16
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] disagreement by deletion/addition 
It also becoems ver useful when you can convince the wikis to link back.
but, it can also encourage them to return the favor by starting the process
yourself, I suppose :-)
I would volunteer to take on some Categories
Also, maybe we could edit  to declare that
we will be making a "see also" section of links onour pages to thos sites,
and the we can also update  to include all
of the wikis we link to. And, then I can maybe convince my friend Mattis
Manzel to help me go to those sites and convnce them to adopt the WikiNode
I am also very interested in a more automated way to do this

@_date: 2007-12-06 16:35:49
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] disagreement by deletion/addition 
Actually Wikipedia also has a "deletion by suggestion": instead of just
deleting, they have a series of tempaltes that relate to standards that are
constantly evolving, and they park these template "alerts" next to content,
with suggestions about how to improve the content. So, this is 'stigmergic'
signaling. An example is
I think that "nominations for deletion" are also 'stigmergic' signaling, but
raise more concern for many people, because of the high profile of
Wikipedia. And, because outright removal is less benevolant than suggestions
about improving. Beyond the shadow of a doubt it is good that wikipedia
community sends out signals to remove unwanted and "garbage" content, and
yet, outright deletion should probably have some more layers community
governance, and inclusion of people/bios probably needs more dimensions of
qualification than Wikipedia presently has.
I like the idea of Forking. WikiHive has "forking" built into it. It
encourages "forking" even among non programmers. it's not really forming,
but more of a "noding", with the "node" being recognized as a new wiki in a
(people and technology) connected network. Complexity has not been so hard
to manage, because communities have remained strong and loosely coupled.
Technology contains tools that are made to help admin communities.
I think new evolutions for OddMuse WikiHive  will be:
   - easing the technology available for refactoring discussion in wiki
   - Creating blog like streams of content in the wiki, each with it's
   own feed (kind of like a mix of IRC channels, blog subjects/categories, and
   forum topics, for wikis see
    Also, creating
   ways to easily refactor these into pages. Encouraging the use of "Anchor"
   which allows for quick transclusion of wiki "objects" into new pages.
   - (browser detection of language preference for content- currently
   works with inerface :) )
   - More support for import/export of content
   - More support for form creation, so that wiki can also act as content
   management system for people who are not "power" wiki users
This discussion is interesting to me for sure. It's a discussion that I had
with more frequency around 2003 or so, but it's still interesting to

@_date: 2007-12-07 08:28:15
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] disagreement by deletion/addition 
Sure, I can manually link to wikis on my sever that are relevant. Also, I
can link to content elsewhere when relevant, like metacollab.net, panarchy
site, communitywiki, meatball wiki etc
Would also like to suggest a technological solution that myself and others
have found quite useful, that we can deploy right now on p2pfoundation wiki,
if you agree. Suggestion is to create a system of Interwiki links
 (made possible with
this extension
You can maintain these links on a page in the wiki, and give wiki users
permission to add to it.
Interwiki links in MediaWiki can make it quite a bit easier to create quick
links to other wikis, or even non-wiki sources. You would just type, for
instance "obmwikihive:OpenBusinessModels" onto a page, and the media wiki
software would make a link to that exact page.  Just a suggestion, that I
have found quite time saving and useful, personally.

@_date: 2007-12-07 09:30:13
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] disagreement by deletion/addition 
Sounds like a good idea. I think this cross-linking will be worth while.

@_date: 2007-12-17 10:24:19
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [P2PFNL] Ning and Knol 
Martien's concerns are one reason why I've been helping people experiment
with either ELGG  as an open source social network platform.
Especially for people who are interested in creating their own network.
I set up an example for a friend here a while back
This has the same personal and group aggregation, and the system allows the
import/export of FOAF files, which has existed for quite a number of years
now, and *can* make all of your profiles and friends data totally portable
(so can XFN specification).
That being said, for connecting your network with *other* networks, Ning is
a decent option. Ning also is starting to support more open data formats in
the form of microformats.
Ning supports hcard, xfn, cite, and others. I know that some folks are
working on making all data exportable from Ning. So, overall it does not
seem like too bad of a deal.

@_date: 2007-12-21 10:54:25
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Challenging Groupware, February 12, 2008 
John, thanks for this.
Also, please feel welcome to join an exploration in creating an open source
Linux Operating System distribution that can enhance distributed/mediated
collaboration, taking place here:
We are trying to address some of these issues with a set of tools that
enable video and audio communications, and use text-based collaboration
tools to support these interactions.

@_date: 2007-12-21 12:51:38
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Two new university presses and a 'co-publishing' 
I've wondered if it might be possible for academic authors and interested
scholoars to adopt some of the methods of OJS
 enabling peer review.
This seemed to me to have some promise as a University press alternative,
especially if tools can be developed to publish via print-on-demand.
Similar "co-publishing" cost sharing models could work for some form of
"Open" Academic Press. I also think that such an "open" model press system
could gain credibility, mostly by producing high quality works over time.
Right now, I am in the process of building two different "commons"-based
education platforms, for projects that want to pursue education outside of
the University systems. I know that others are doing this, too. One of the
platforms that I am building is in conjunction with
  the open source ecology project, to create
project and knowledge commons spaces, and eventually education material
based on open licensed technology. This means that technical, and scientific
research is going to be done in an open way, and that scientific research
will be applied to open design, and technological development processes.
I think as this type of activity increases, there will be a growing
alternative path for people who want to educate themselves. And,  there will
be a growing alternative path for academics who want to research/develop,
and publish for different areas.
Co-publishing could actually become "distributed" publishing, incorporating
ideas like the  idea Print
on demand and "Micro book" publishing can *cut* costs dramatically (entry
cost is close to zero)
Everyone in the network could make volumes available, and "cost sharing"
could extend to everyone who uses the network, including all business
entities, though not required for using it digitally by individuals, for
If you go to a location, you could get your book sections from a print on
demand machine, or access online. Full books could still be published and
sent to libraries of course

@_date: 2007-12-21 13:32:33
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Two new university presses and a 'co-publishing' 
Yeah, I think you could help OJS's and alternative academic "presses" think
through this. Maybe we could start by approaching existing OJS and emerging
open education projects, just to see what they are sayign existing
conditions are?
Plus, you may be able to create a kind of "pilot project" with Cooperation
Commons, who was exploring OJS CoopCommons journal a while back.
Also, there will definitely be opportunities with projects that I am working
on in the next six months, many of which will be based around co-funding
In the short term, I humbly suggest you could blog about social publishing
on p2pfoundation blog, plus smartmobs, and your own blog, which could become
a kind of short term "pillar" to refer to about the subject (something to
refer to people to when talking about it online and off)
There could eventually be a kind of "Q & A" that people could apply to
different types of academic "social publishing", based on your concepts, to
help ensure success.  Some of the basics of this "Q&A", or self-querying
advanced/"situational" consulting and knowledge could be available through
you and Richard for a fee. Yet, you could also create an open knowledge
repository around "social publishing" that lets people pool knowledge, and
that helps people realize what other people are thinking about, and how
others are solving problems in this realm. This could also be the "home
base" for your podcast and other ideas you've talked about with me and
others recently.

@_date: 2007-12-28 00:23:34
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] DRM standards 
The problem that ODRL tries to solve is an interesting one. I guess I don't
really see how ODRL is like what is normally discussed as "DRM".
For instance, compare with Sun's OpenDRM from a couple of years ago:
This actually is a cryptographic system, which claims to be an "OpenDRM".
Most DRM is a mechanism for enclosure that is designed for
business/monetization of content and technologies. DRM (including Sun's
"OpenDRM") works towards "physically" removing access to code or hardware.
In contrast, metadata like ODRL could be used to do something that I already
do, for example, which is to "tithe" money to open source software projects,
when I make money using them, to pay people for commercial use of artefacts
and content they release under certain licenses that require you to do so,
As we discuss in the
 data" that
is standardized can become part of a cybernetic system
that has potential to make it easier, and more convenient to be "ethical".
Once the positive externalities become apparent, and once the positive
effects feedback to enough people, and when it is easy ("cybernetic"), then
it will become appealing to many people. Some have also discussed issues
related to this at nature of resources they are using, the nature of the production and
distribution. Successful "enforcement" can be voluntary, self-enforced.

@_date: 2007-12-31 10:11:16
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: ideologi - Simulation Results (Part I) 
I will do it. Count me in.
I like this, it's in some ways similar to what we applied with
Actually, this method could be part of a distributed organized inquiry...

@_date: 2007-12-31 11:14:19
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: ideologi - Simulation Results (Part I) 
Err...I should have been clear that you can count me as a participant, but
not a "co-coordinator".  Too much on my plate already to fill that role this

@_date: 2007-12-31 11:26:00
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: ideologi - Simulation Results (Part I) 
Although...depending on what "coordination" entails, I may be able to at
least help...

@_date: 2007-11-21 19:08:40
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p resource pooling 
Thanks for the list, Ned (and Inst. for NC)!
Just wanted to let anyone interested know that I am working on p2p resource
pool site right now:
The basic idea that Michel conveyed to me, and the operating model is:
1) people contribute $/EURO 5 or 10 per month to the common pool
2) 40% of the money is given back to contributing individuals in a monthly
pool of money
3) 40% is available for for-benefit activities. People describe their
activities, and if x number of members say 'ok', the money is given to them
4) 15% of the pool is invested in some venture that can generate a return
5) 5% is given to the administration of the project, i.e. the pool of
contributing organization"
So, I am starting to set up the mechanisms to enable automatic recurring/and
one-time acceptance of donations, and community decision making for the
investing/for-benefit donations.
Proposals could list what the money would be spent for, and people on this
site could offer services in place of money, thereby possibly putting some
of the needed money back into the donation pool.
Plus, people could list surplus non-money resources somewhere, or needed
resources. And, people could just discuss what they need, and what they have
in general, and what they are doing. (Sometimes people don't realize what
they need, or what others have lying around gathering dust, until they start
talking to each other...)
The site is, and will always be invite-only, and is still in development at
this time. As soon as the basic functions are working correctly, I'll be
sure to invite anyone interested. The URL for the site may eventually
change. Anyone with Drupal knowledge who wants access now and can help
develop the site is welcome. Let me know and I'll send you an invite right

@_date: 2007-11-21 21:08:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "Open" Design and Coworking-based Fabrication, 
I talked with some of you in Nottingham about the emerging phenomenon of
"Open" (non-patented) -licensed rapid prototyping and fabrication machines.
I've got a page that I am working on here:
That page is mostly a set of notes, and a kind of loose alternative future
scenario. A few of the technologies listed are actually "open" licensed, but
many are just examples of existing lower-cost commericial fabrication
Right now, I am also working with Steve Bosserman on some of the ideas he
lists here:
And, we will likey join forces with Mincius Sodas (
  and others
interested in "peer" fabrication to create connections between our research,
since there are many groups now basically "reinventing the wheel", we can at
least compare notes, and maybe start to set up some infrastructure to share
designs. I'll be sure to keep you posted here.
Also, I mentioned "User ownership" to George in conversation, and that is
taking shape here:

@_date: 2007-11-24 10:47:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p resource pooling 
I like your ideas. Would you like me to send you an invite for the beta
development? We only have 4 people so far, so you'd be member

@_date: 2007-11-24 13:13:12
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p resource pooling 
Good point, Paul. Will give you that access in a couple of minutes...
Eventually, we would also maybe make a seperate paypal account, that could
be like donate at p2pfoundation.net, that Michel, plus project admins, plus
whomever is working with the money has access to, so that it is seperate.
beyond that, we could save processing fees by eventually setting up a bank
account, and using bank's apparatus/payment gateway, as it would
theoretically be more secure, and  have flat fee (or free with some credit
union business accounts)

@_date: 2007-11-24 13:18:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p resource pooling 
Hey Michel, comments follow
There are several ways that we could do it. We can try the way that you
suggest above, for sure. I am also trying to figure out how to make an
option for a recurring billing of an amount specified by the donator. I
think I am going to hold off on that, though, until we have a basic process
worked out. I like your ideas above, and I'll try to incorporate them into a
very simple process.
Rigth now, I have it set up so that people can plug in any amount they want
as a "donation".
So, we could simply send out a reminder once per month, asking people to
participate. People could then be directed to a "form" where they fill in
how much they've donated, or whether they want to defer to another month.
Also, there should be a legal agreement that specifies what this site/group
is explicitly, where the money goes, etc, and new people will "agree" before
I was thinking that we could actually start out with a simple
proposal/discussion/consensus poll among the group. This could be a seperate
"group" within the site, or a seperate menu item, where we
propose/discuss/vote on how we collectively want to invest. Eventually, we
could also set up an adjoining site that lets us open up a "fundcamp" style
site, where people from the wider world may also solicit us about investing,
and we can apply some of the processes from Fundcamp (like mentoring,
multi-dimensional rating, perhaps other process that we develop etc). This
could be a kind of seed-accelerator/investing "club". But we can keep it
simple to start out with and just amke a simple process rigth int he
existing site.
Ok, we may have to formalize it a little more to comply with at least US
law, if not others, at least beyind our initial beta-test group
I was thinking that for the 40% that is "available for for-benefit
activities. People describe their activities, and if x number of members say
'ok', the money is given to them" that people could have a specific form
that they fill out on the site that is a "donation request". In it, they
list how much they need, and what they intend to spend it on, and
approximate cost breakdown of what they want to spend it on. If some of us
have the resources they were going to buy, such as server space, time,
programming knowledge, etc, we may offer it in lieu of money. the donation
requestor could then decrease that amoutn off of the donation request. This
is optional, but can add a dimension of donating services instead of money
9or "in-kind" types of donations instead of money) The way I describe above
is a simple way to do it. Does that make sense?
This seems like a good idea. We'll keep it at a dozen, until we all agree
it's ready to expand (plus we'll need to make sure eveything we're doing is
fully legal in all quaters where people are participating.)

@_date: 2007-11-24 13:38:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p resource pooling 
yes, I was thining that one of the first things we can do as a beta group is
to pool money to fund paying a lawyer to draft the needed legal framework,
perhaps. Under the umbrella of p2pfoundation (perhaps as a non-profit LLC),
but making sure we are covered under the agreements people make when they
join. (This legal agreement could then be a template for future groups who
want to adopt our processes, too).
So, we could discuss amongst ourselves, and co-draft our agreed-upon rules,
then put them in front of a lawyer, to make sure they comply with
international law, and to make sure that users agree ahead of time not to
sue or go after one another, and to make the non-profit LLC the holder of
the assetts.

@_date: 2007-11-24 15:16:16
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p resource pooling 
Ned, you raise a good point. I think that while we are "beat testing" we can
just have an informal agreement amongst ourselves, while we explore the
simplest way to organize this.
I will tell you that I do participate in a money pooling experiment that has
absolutely no formalization or legal vetting:
 but that group has a very high
amount of co-evolved trust over time.
Personally, I trust everyone in this group who might be interested to
participate npooling resources.
Ned, I have to agree with you. There must be some way for us to legally
protect participants without having to line the pockets of lawyers. I
actually believe that I/we could rsearch the legalities ourselves, perhaps
with assis
Please do, I'd really appreciate it. I will also try to connect with folks
who I know locally, that have legal knowledge. We may not need to
incorporate in US, we actually should able to use existing non-profit
foundation status of P2P foundation, which is incorporated in Netherlands,
and this would save having to create a whole new organization, since Michel
already went through the steps of creating p2p foundation as legal entity.
Maybe we'll just explore trying to employ that existing organization, to
save time and money (plus maybe Dutch law is more liberal when it comes to
money pooling and "investing club"-syle arrangements like this?)
The basic structure that we've employed is that exiting members invite new
members. So, there is a personal level of connection there. It doesn't have
to grow very big, very fast in my opinion, and in fact I'd rather that it
didn't grow extremely fast right away. I'd rather actually keep a cap on the
max number of people (to around maybe 150 at the most). And I'd rather cap
off the max amount of donationed money  per person, and cap off the max
amount of requested money per person.
I think one of the dynamics that can help build culture, and trust, is the
ability of everyone involved to help decide what portions of the money
and/or pooled resources are applied towards.
One other dynamic that I really, really hope will emerge from collective
decision making is the dynamic of increasing the indvidual carrying capacity
of each person involved. By that, I mean increasing the ability for people
to create "positive externalities" for themselvess and others by being
involved in deciding where and how money resources are applied.
Well, I know that even a small network, 12-20 people would be extremely
useful and could exist without legal formalities, so long as there is mutual
trust among members. So, maybe that can be "phase one" of this? Maybe we can
try to keep it simple, and let complexity of processes emerge from our group
over time through discussion and based on real needs, and if the need for
expensive legal work arises, we can address it at the time. This has worked
well for close to 2 years in the CommunityWikiBank example I referred to
earlier. I think if we keep things fairly simple, we can create a legal
agreement amongst ouselves, and work with that while our group is small, and
try to look for in-kind donation of legal expertise as complexity of project
rises/need arises.
Hmmm... I suppose the danger could exist, but we can also learn from what
they are doing. I think Michel's idea of investing part of it helps to open
up avenues for what to do with it. Plus, there are quite a few applictions
that it could be put towards within the network, for sure. I have tons, and
TONS of ideas, and I know that I am not alone :-) (Michel alone probably has
enough ideas to keep us going for 20+ years)
No, your caution is good, your feedback is useful, IMO. I think a collective
network like this can only really become what the people who make up the
network turn it into. I have an idea that it would be a collective "stepping
stone" infrastructure to move projects forward, while also helping to
aggreagate collective knowledge about projects (conversing about what
projects should have pooled resources applied to them helps to engage
collective intelligence and apply it towards projects and applciations).
Also I have the fantasy that it woill bring people's unused surplus
resources to the "surface", and I hope to try and enable that. but, maybe
other things will emerge as well (like the did in CommunityWikiBank
experiments mentioned earlier)? I really liek Michel's suggestion that we
invest, and I think the whole process of pooling, and pushing some of the
pool towards investing in projects that will generate a return is a pattern
with tremendous possibilities.
I remember your questions about clarifying reltionships from the workshop. I
think Michel's idea of keeping access invitation-by-existing-members-only
helps to address the honest connections.
Ned, I now that I "know" you a little better, would you like me to invite
you into the beta-system I've set up (I am still working on it, so some
functions can easily be improved, and your feedback would be most welcome)
the software also has "clarification" of user's relationships with each
other (I have some exampel relationshi designations, but there is room for
many more). I think it will help the whole system be self-sustaining, by
keeping it confined to people who actually know and trust each other to a
certain degree, plus limiting size.

@_date: 2007-11-24 15:18:14
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p resource pooling 
That is fantiastic, Athina. Please let me know if there is anything that can
be done to assist...

@_date: 2007-11-24 15:20:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p resource pooling 
PS. that was meant to be  i the
message quoted below. Sorry about that...

@_date: 2007-11-24 16:07:06
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p resource pooling 
Also, I apologize for disjointed text. That's what I get for trying to
multi-task too many things  at once... :)

@_date: 2007-11-25 18:02:54
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p resource pooling 
Yes, for simple donation, it is legal in the US, too. There is a requirement
to pay taxes by the person doing the donation in the us, but only if reach a
certain amount per year:
I think that for a simple system, we should be ok. The christian sharing
groups you refer to don't have much in the way of legal infrastructure. They
just do it.
So, let's recap what we have so far:
   - Participants donate fixed amount of 5 euro per month
   - 40% given back to contributors in a monthly pool of money (Michel,
   maybe you can clarify what you meant here? Did you mean that 40% is divided
   up evenly by the amount of participants and given back them?)
   - 40% is available for for-benefit activities. People describe their
   activities, and if x number of members say 'ok', the money is given to them.
   Each contributor has an equal vote
   - 15% is invested through a community decision in a venture that can
   potentially generate a return. I would like to propose to add that the
   proposals what this amount is invested in come from the members of the
   community only, for now. returns from this investment are reported, and put
   back into the pool.
   - I will create a simple agreement that outlines this, and everyone
   will agree, and/or retroactively agree upon entering the site.
   - I will create a totally transparent report about money in/ money out
   on a monthly basis.
Am I missing anything.
I think Michel's suggestion about keeping the 15% investment simple, just
stating intent and deliverable, and keeping it based on trust is good. For
the 40% for-benefit, I thought it could be useful for participants to
voluntarily list what their needs are, and that people might opt to also
contribute in-kind donations of surplus resources. This could be an option.
More also on this in an email following this one...
In any case, I will finish up the above items over the next few days, and we
can move forward with "beta testing" among the beginning dozen of us.

@_date: 2007-11-25 18:29:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Gift Nodes/Exchange Nodes 
I had a great conference call with Steve Bosserman, and  Andrius
Kulikauskas, of Minciu Sodas yesterday. One of the items Andrius mentioned
was a project on Work Nets wiki where participants are listing "gifts" they
have to offer, or items they'd like to receive, on their site:
One of the things we talked about is that it seems to be more successful for
smaller  groups who collaborate together, to create these types of
exchanges, or giving "boards" amongst themselves, rather than creating a
monolithic "service" that is meant to attract many people who are anonymous
to one another. The groups of people who know each other are more at ease
giving and sharing like this.
We have been exploring a bartering exchange at
 This is a bit different,
in that it is meant to be a list of skills that can be bartered for in some
way, either for LETS, or for some "equivalent" skill.
And, of course in P2P foundation, we're developing a resource pool.
An idea that Andrius raised in our conference call was to think about how to
connect "giving" networks between groups, so that, for instance if no one at
 is interested in what is being
offered or requested there, maybe people in groups where there is overlap in
participants, would be interested? It might be possible to create "Gift
nodes" that connect these giving pages on different communities?  This is
kind of like we've created at  but
specifically centered on connecting pages like
My friend Lion Kimbor, who helped me create
 has brought up the point
that there are some things that we would like to offer, but cannot really
afford to offer for free. There are some types of work that we would like to
post as being available to do for the greater community, but would need
something in exchange for (even if that is just LETS or community currency
that is used solely for those exchanges.)
So, what I would like to propose is that it we could create a "Gift" page
that is similar to  for the P2P
foundation, and one for CommunityWiki. And, if there is interest, that we
might also create a local "InternetExchange" for P2P foundation and perhaps
Worknets, that is similar to
 and that we create links
between these ("Gift Nodes", "Exchange Nodes"). And, we think about how to
keep these first centered and catered to their respective communities, but
also open for access between communities, mostly through symbolic link. I
propose that these pages would be public facing, like
 and
If people are interested, I will make this a public-facing, openly-editable
"wiki" page on Lion, and Andrius, I have copied you on this email, and please feel free to
join you'd like this is a mailing list that grew from

@_date: 2007-11-26 09:15:10
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Gift Nodes for a Network of Gift Communities 
This is a reply to "Gift Nodes/Exchange Nodes" from Andrius
---------- Forwarded message ----------
I'm very glad for the steps that we're taking to work together to create an
online environment for for facilitating our work on all many of endeavors.
 I
look forward to working with you, Steve Bosserman and others as organizers,
innovators and software developers.  I will write to our working groups
Working In Parallel (online environments) and Cyfranogi (community currency)
and Holistic Helping (especially in Africa) and thank you if you might share
my letter with the P2Presearch list and our groups converse.
I'm appreciating more and more your interests in setting up the Gift nodes
across a variety of wikis.  What we could do then is to create a page that
aggregates information from such pages.  That page could help us understand
which community is active and/or interested in giving and receiving what
kinds of gifts.  Then we could engage wiki communities but also work with
community currency communities (which often have such directories) and with
global villages (which I think often have a strong gift ethic).
One of my purposes is to encourage outreach amongst communities so that we
have a wider economy. I'm starting to think that the economy is a spectrum
relationships from "strangers" to "friends".  A different kind of instrument
is effective at each point on the spectrum.  So, for example, the usual
is a very effective way of engaging, including total strangers, but it can
also make total strangers out of friends.  A LETS system is a great way of
meeting people and making friends in a community, but it might destroy a
civic organization run by volunteers.  A timebank is a great way to enroll
new volunteers, but it might cause unhelpful friction if a family ran itself
with one.  There are different kinds of gift giving and they are appropriate
I suppose for different kinds of relationships.  Love is at the extreme of
the spectrum, because it is an unconditional giving, as when parents give to
their children or spouses to each other or we help those who can't help
I have noticed that our Minciu Sodas laboratory  has a
vibrant economy of gift giving   These
are generally gifts from one person to another.  They are quite voluntary.
They express a wish to give and receive help.  They come with an expectation
that the gift will be used well.  I encourage that this also be structured
"work" so that the expectation is indeed satisfied and not left hanging, and
so that the giver also grows by being engaged in the purpose of the work.
 So
often (but not always) it is the gift of paid work.  I think our
appreciate that our laboratory attracts wonderful people who need and want
help.  But generally I think our givers know that if the gift is used well,
then by definition, others will benefit - even if they don't benefit
directly, or anybody else within our lab, for that matter.  I will add that
each such gift makes our lab more valuable for our participants.
Our laboratory is a business and the hardest part is always finding new work
and new clients.  I don't want to "work on speculation" unless that is on
projects of strategic interest to myself and our lab.  I am developing
certain capabilities that might be valuable to others.  Here is a simple
example: for our lab, I have downloaded 20,000 of our Yahoo groups letters
and am making that available for distribution on USB flash drives.  I could
do something similar for other organizations.  Perhaps they would pay me,
I imagine it would be hard to make a business of it.  Instead, however, I
might do that for others as a "gift".  That would make economic sense for me
if I knew that they would acknowledge it as a gift they want and likely
reciprocate with a gift - maybe not for me, but for somebody in our lab.
That would be enough for me to justify spending a lot of energy on such
as it would strengthen our gift economy, create value, and most importantly
for me - extend the reach of our lab's economy so that more people might see
us work and consider giving us paid work.  My business goal is therefore to
encourage us to document our gift economies - not the tit-for-tat exchanges
but rather the directory of services, both offered/desired, but also
given/received.  This information would allow our communities to have a
economy.  I think that is crucial because, as I am realizing, in a group of
friends there may be a lot of sharing but there isn't too much role for
money, because money is an instrument for engaging strangers.  So we need
more strangers! so we could get more paid work.
Sam, Steve, Lion and all, I'm excited at how we might organize around such
gift communities, encourage the creation of gift nodes, and then the
aggregation of information from then, and then the incorporation of other
kinds of useful knowledge about people's endeavors, locations, values,
investigations and designing maps of ecosystems of endeavors that we might
show and navigate.
John Rogers  of Cyfranogi
 has a set of questions for
such a community economy that we might apply here.  They go to the heart of
the power relationships in such a system, what are they to be?
I also ask our African participants at Holistic Helping, what are other
online communities that we might like to exchange gifts with?  Likewise,
are community currency communities that might be interested?  Or global
Andrius Kulikauskas
Minciu Sodas
ms at ms.lt
in Chicago, then Missouri, San Diego, Chicago, Rome, Lithuania
Data , "Samuel Rose"  Ra?yta:

@_date: 2007-11-26 12:33:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] panarchy.com 
Paul, we are tracking you also at (email me offlist for login info if you want to add more blogs)

@_date: 2007-11-29 08:55:12
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p resource pooling 
Ok, I understand. Thanks so much for clarifying, Michel.
*>the principle is simple, you make the total of all contributions that
month, and take 40%, >that sum is simply given to each member of the pool in
turn, according to some alphabetic, >chronological, or lottery based order
....; the advantage is that you have a sizeable sum to >invest, that you
would not have saved on your own, but have access to thanks to the >pooling;
so one individual gets the full 40% each month.
*This is a great. *
Ok, makes sense.
Yes, and there are some tools we can use to do this due diligence, adn
"Project screening" for investment, emerging from the Fundcamp platform.
Plus, there is the opportunity to expand this part of the project into a
"mentoring" system for those projects that are not yet deemed fit to be
invested in (should the projects wish to be "mentored", that is).
Also, I think that some people who are reading this may have gotten "left in
the dust" about what this is:
Basically, this is an experiment to pool financial, and non-financial
depletable resources among individuals, in an informal, trust-based way,
that is structured to minize the need to engage corporate or governmental
beauraucracies as much as possible. Avoiding traditional debt and
traditional "venture captal", instead of creating a common pool resource,
that is governed collectively as a commons, and adapts to the collective
needs of the group.
The goal is to create a shared resource for the projects and activities of

@_date: 2007-11-29 10:52:55
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Gift Nodes for a Network of Gift Communities 
Geoff Chesshire (  also mentioned
 and William Shanely :)
I think it would be awesome to learn from the approaches of Timothy and
One of the things that I am thinking about is how to employ existing data
that is output by existing workspaces that each group is using, and then put
that together, perhaps in an online aggregator, but limited to groups who
agree to participate. Each group could also but a link to this on their own
"gifts" pages. This could be a quick way to make 'version .01'., without
asking any particular group to radically change what they are doing right ,
or where they are doing it.  Some people's work group software can show rss
feeds right on pages, so this can be a way to give a window into the wider
"group to group" network
Overtime, we could, and definitely should,  explore moving these activities
into a software environment that can give more convenience, more tools for
encouraging and aiding useful gift ecologies.
I also think that both Tara Hunt, and her rapidly growing
 and Geoff Chessire's
 have some seriously useful ideas for enabling/aiding
and aiding group-to-group cooperation/collaboration.
I have copied Tara and Geoff on this email. I think the idea of "thanking"
people helps to re-inforce and sustain the exchanges. It is a key missing
component, I believe, in many alternative economies. I think this is why
even vibrant alternative economies have failed in the past, as myself and
Lion Kimbro discussed on this page recently, where Lion talked about the
eventual disintegration of once vibrant alternative currency/economies in
the Seattle area during the 1970's/1980's.
Myself and Lion conjectured that these systems "crest and fall" because the
"feeling" of building something new, good, beneficial, that people got from
their participation was not passed on to new members once the original
people faded out of the system. So, systems that re-inforce this "feeling"
in genuine ways are a key ingredients, in my opinion.

@_date: 2007-11-29 11:24:13
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Gift Nodes/Exchange Nodes 
We have not had too much that people could engage beyind a blog, and an
understandably invitation-only wiki
But, we can change that, I think. I recommend that we first follow the steps
that we are taing to attract and build community more amongst ourselves
p2presearch at listcultures.org is one step in the right direction, and
 are good, and we should also
eventually have a public-accessible extension of these spaces. Perhaps not
right away, but we can talk collectively about how we would like to see
emerge, to put together the best insights of everyone concerned and
I was thinking that we might make a public-facing extension of our otherwise
private  pool, eventually, that can hook
into this "gift node" system. Users of this part of the "site" would not
have access to the private resoruce pool section. Basically, our internal
group could opt to make some of the "gifts" or in-kind donations they are
offering the private group, public, and these could then be listed on the
public "list". This is just a proposal, what do you think? This is similar
to what Andrius expressed that he might like to do with
 basically giving worknets group folks
the option to also list their "gifts" or "needs" in the greater gift node

@_date: 2007-11-29 15:36:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Gift Nodes for a Network of Gift Communities 
I agree with you Lion, about focusing on movements that resonate with
people, and with creating shared stories.
The other thing that I was getting at, was that I think that a a really
sustainable system, that can be a close companion to "alternative
currencies" will emerge not from exchange, bartering, or trading, but from
high quality sharing. I wrote about this here, today:
This doesn't negate what you are talking about, I agree with you Lion.
Yet, I also find more and more that people people are more interested in
"giving" and or sharing, rather than figuring out how they will barter or
put a price on what they are offering.
But, there are people who are also offering things that they really cannot
accept anything other than "hard currency" for. So, I think there is a place
for alternative bartering currencies, and a place for enhancements to giving
and sharing
Either way, I think what you are talking about applies, Lion. The idea that
I have in practice rigth now, with the people copied on this email, and
elsewhere, is to take existing "movements" and help the work with other
"movements" to  give/share, pool resources, and create exchanges and
bartering when necessary. I am more for the giving/sharing and pooling, than
the buying/selling or bartering for the most part. giving/sharing and
pooling I think my energies will create more re-useable value.
In fact, I think a big part of the "dying off" of these alternative currency
networks is precisely because they do focus on buying/selling or bartering,
which is a "zero sum" set of exchanges, where one person must "lose " a
deplete able resource of another within the system to "gain".  This is not
the only part of it, there are also the cultural aspects that you are
talking about.
I think that systems dedicated to mosly buying/selling or bartering be
bolstered by injections of supplemental surplus resources, because they are
made up of people who are in part not always focused on optimizing their
participation in buying/selling or bartering. Local State and Federal
governments do this by subsidizing with tax money. If those governments did
not subsidize with tax money, these economies would suffer (like th economy
of michigan suffers right now).
My theory, and perhaps the theory of others, is that giving, sharing and
pooling can be a grassroots way of subsidizing both alternative and regular
systems of buying/selling or bartering. My theory is that if these open and
self-governed giving/sharing/pooling foundations exist, then they will
bolster the more "fragile" economies of buying/selling or bartering.
But, they also need the "movements" that you talk about, Lion. I think that
some of the people who are copied on this email are connected to at least
some of the most likely existing "movements" that will be able to make this

@_date: 2007-11-29 22:19:50
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p conference hull nov 08 
Ahtina, thanks so much.
Just replying for now, to take some of the people out of the cc on this, who
were cc'ed for another unrelated thread :)

@_date: 2008-04-19 10:03:37
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Yi-Tan Tech Community Call 178 - Mobility 
I've participated in Yi-Tan in the past. Very worthwhile.
On Sat, Apr 19, 2008 at 2:57 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2008-04-24 09:44:55
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: voluntary translation communities 
We've been working on this at
 since
around 2006
This interface lets you write in one language with a language "tag", then
place checkboxes in the language your want to read, and "switch". A language
switching wiki. It's based on OddMuse, and is a project primarily headed up
by Mattis Manzel, and programmed by me.
On Thu, Apr 24, 2008 at 9:25 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2008-04-26 07:23:04
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] [Fwd: [F/OSS-Community] The Total 
"Our analysis shows that the average commit size is almost constant while
the commit frequency (number of commits per week) increases exponentially
between Jan 1995 to Dec 2006. This verifies our findings about the
exponential growth in open source."
Interesting (and so is the model and method they used to filter the data).
Lines of code is of course different than factors like "number of people".
It would also be useful from a social perspective to know who the people
are, and in what context they are participating (personal, through
employment by business, self-employed, etc). But this is of course
impossible to discern from the data provided by ohloh.
Still, exponential growth of lines of code seems to me also to have some
connection to technology "growth" as described by Kurzweil
 That at least seems to
apply frequently to technology that is useful, and that can be easily
On Sat, Apr 26, 2008 at 2:19 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2008-04-26 07:49:06
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] from a us intelligence briefing 
These kind of "internet forward" phenomenon are interesting to me from a
social perspecitve, because of the way they are written, designed to trigger
an emotianal response.
If you google the first part of it:
*"3. Shifting Demographics of Western Civilization*
*Most countries in the Western world have stopped breeding.*"
You can see it posted all over blogs, going back for what looks like a
couple of years, and mailing lists, etc.
The origin of the content is from a paper by Herbert Meyer
Who is he?
*"Herbert E. Meyer served during the Reagan Administration as Special
Assistant to the Director of Central Intelligence and Vice Chairman of the
CIA's National Intelligence Council.  He is host and producer of The Siege
of Western Civilization  and author of How
to Analyze Information ."*
This is one of the people who is a key thought producer behind conservative
rhetoric coming out of the US.
Although he is undoubtedly right that human reproduction is curtailing in
Western civilization, at least his background helps me to understand why
he's crowing on about muslims and the Chinese. This is one of the guys that
wants us to wage continuing war against variouscountries in the middle east,
strike up a nice little semi-cold war/arms race with China, and send up some
space-based missile defense stuff that his buddies in the Reagan
administration helped to dream up.
He is also one of the people behind the "immigration debate" in America:
The problem? Too many Hispanic workers are coming to America and taking jobs
Americans won't do
Solution? Increase the birthrate of (presumably white) Americans!
Thanks, Herbert...
On Fri, Apr 25, 2008 at 5:55 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2008-04-28 18:32:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] from a us intelligence briefing 
What is the conclusion? That populations will continue to shrink to the
point of some kind of systemic failure in human systems?
Populations could be likely to shrink, but they are then also likely to
stabilize. Especially given the fact that we know the continuous growth of
populations of humans is not infinitely sustainable, even though growth has
been an overall trend in the last 1000+ years of human existence.
Local conditions around the world will have a huge effect on the overall arc
of growth or shrinkage. If there really is growth in China and India, as
claimed by the original article in this thread, then this could have a
stabilizing effect on the world-wide numbers.
Also, if people in local cultures start focusing their economic activities
*away* from unlimited and continuous growth, and ideology move away from
religious "duty" to reproduce, and towards sustainable commons, then I think
it is possible that it would be normal to see population growth rates
stabilize. I think this is what is happening, really. I think it will end up
being a natural stabilization on local levels over time (as opposed to a
catastrophic drop that makes human systems unsustainable).
On Mon, Apr 28, 2008 at 1:08 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2008-04-29 10:32:12
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?=93Philanthrocapitalism=94=3A_An_?= 
Dear colleagues, would love your thoughts/opinions/criticisms/insights about
Writer Micheal Edwards' recent book  takes
a critical look at the hype surrounded the emerging phenomenon that some are
calling "philanthrocapitalism": using business and market systems to affect
social change. The main criticism from Edwards can be summed up in his
*"My worry is that the hype surrounding
divert attention from the deeper changes that are required to
society, reduce decisions to an inappropriate bottom line, and lead us to
ignore the costs and trade-offs involved in extending business principles
into the world of civil society and social change. I'm concerned that these
questions, and the evidence that underpins them, are not being given a fair
hearing. And I want to provoke a conversation in which different positions
can be aired and listened to. The only way that philanthrocapitalism will be
able to fulfill its considerable potential is by moving beyond the hype."*
Mohammed Yunus  has also
recently written a book that looks at how Social Enterprise can affect
change. Yunus argues:
*"The social business dollar is much more powerful than the charity dollar
[..] Whereas the charity dollar can be used only once, the social-business
dollar recycles itself again and again, ad infinitum, to deliver benefits to
more and more people."*
Although, I'll also point out that Social Entrepreneurship is *different *than
"Philanthrocapitalism". Social Entrepreneurship as discussed by Yunus covers
many scales, from small to large business. While, "Philanthrocaptialism" is
defined by Edwards as:
   - * "Resources: very large sums of money being committed to
   philanthropy, mainly the result of the remarkable profits earned by a small
   number of individuals in the IT and finance sectors during the 1990s and
   2000s.*
   - *Methods: a claim that methods drawn from business can solve social
   problems, and are superior to the other approaches used in the public sector
   and in civil society.*
   - *Achievements: a claim that these methods can achieve the
   transformation of society, rather than increased access to
   socially-beneficial goods and services - a noble goal for sure, but
   insufficient to lever deeper changes in the distribution of power and
   resources across the world." *
 Both Edwards and Yunus appear to be right, in my estimation. Yunus is right
that there is much power in entrepreneurship, in the freedom to create
wealth for yourself and others. Yet, Edwards is right that (in my words)
there is also a huge machine, which is a combination of broadcast media
corporations, and a plethora of big businesses and wealthy people around the
world, that seek to co-opt social emergences, so as to funnel money, human
energy, and control over domains *towards their market corrals*.
This is nothing new. With every social movement, from the early 1960's, to
the "creative class" of the early 2000's, there have been people trying to
capitalize on,  and co-opt the symbols and energy of emergent social
movements. (see  for a
look at the origins of the phenomenon). Social entrepreneurship, or
"philanthrocapitalism" is really no different. When a social phenomenon
starts out in a "democratized" way (as they often actually do), meaning that
*most, or all of the building blocks are  already present for individuals to
participate in self-sustaining ways, *that would let people bypass or
obsolete their need for mass pre-produced solutions, the big companies must
act to keep people buying something, or risk being obsoleted from their
lives. This basically means that corporate spending of public money is sold
to the public as a project to make it easier for them to be more "creative",
more socially or environmentally responsible, or more philanthropic. This, I
believe is the danger that Edwards is warning us about. That we'll just
leave it up to "business" to take the lead in social enterprise.
The problem is that when we leave social transformation to business, we end
up with a society that is structured by the principles of business
management.  Edwards's book contends that there is evidence that the mission
"drifts" away from social change, and towards profit, efficiency, and
sometimes corruption. What is lacking in these situations is a *social *basis
for *social change.*
The market, and while being a powerful force, is no basis for sustainable
social change. The atomization of business infrastructure to an individual
level is but one building block towards real social change that is enabled
in part by social enterprise. *The next step is the atomization of social
infrastructure. People must learn to cooperate and collaborate together in
equitable ways. People must learn to co-manage common infrastructure, and
common resources in a democratic and transparent way. *Accessing and
employing the efficient production and distribution systems of business and
the market is not enough. *Those who rely on those systems must also have
co-control of them.*
This means that everyone in the "chain" gets a say, from
grower/builder/laborer, to the person that buys a finished product. This
means that a person's "job" is not just to specialize in being a lawyer,
baking bread, or hauling garbage, but also in direct civic participation and
oversight of the systems that feed, clothe, and house you. How can you know
that the companies your are buying from, or are employed by, are working
equitably?  You are involved in making sure that they are. Adam
Arvidsson's Valuing
the Ethical Economy
offers some deep
*" What creates these ethical values? They are not the direct results of
investments in labor time. You can work as much as you want on your music
and style, that, in itself will not make you a rock star. Rather, suddenly
something happens and then, you've made it. What determines your value are
the quality and quantity of affect (attention) that you have been able to
accumulate. The relation between the productive time invested in a project
and the mass affect that it is able to attract is non-linear, or viral, to
use a popular marketing term.[2] Models could be found in contemporary
mathematical theories of network dynamics, and perhaps in Gabriel Tarde's
theories of the role of public sentiment.[3] Indeed, the logical relation
between value and labor is rather the reverse of that usually associated
with the capitalist economy. Once you have a sufficiently attractive brand,
you will attract an abundance of free labor as well as other resources.
Linux has no problems recruiting new programmers: people want to work for
them for free; people pay to use brands in their everyday life and thus
freely co-produce their ethical value through their constructive consumer
practices. On financial markets, capital flows to the most attractive
brands. More means more in this case, if you have accumulated a significant
stock of ethical capital, people will freely give you their time and further
attention, or, on financial markets, their capital."*
To sum it up, in order for markets to really help change society, we first
need to create social infrastructure that allows us to value the ethical
capital of the companies that we are doing business with. We need to
democratize and equitably control these infrastructures on the level/scale
of voluntarily cooperating and collaborating individuals. This will then
create a conduit of ethics, and social focus, through which we all can
pursue market exchanges. Markets measured against our real social interests,
not just made to appeal to our base needs, or fool us into thinking they
will solve our social problems.
See also:
   -    -    -

@_date: 2008-08-12 12:44:54
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Knolicules 
Thanks Jon,
I am kind of curious about why google wants to re-create wikipedia, and what
the goals of Knol are? I suppose the idea is to tie-in with (google) search
What would be really cool is you could write "knols" anywhere, and google
and anyone else could aggregate, index and serve them with reference to the

@_date: 2008-08-13 11:00:00
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Knolicules 
What I am thinking is that Google could aggregate things that people
semantically tag as a "knolicule". Google could offer their own web
interface as they already do, but also aggregate and present stuff from
other sites, so long as it has a few minimum elements. A few small code
changes could allow all pages on p2p foundation to become "knol" pages,
residing both on knol and p2pwiki for instance.
This could work in much the same way that
 works, except not just being
search but also being a sort of mirroring of certain elements. What I am
talking about will probably nver happen, but it could be increadibly easy to
do :-)

@_date: 2008-08-13 12:36:10
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Knolicules 
Even thought it is easy to do, it is tough to convince people to add and
maintain the code changes necessary to decentralize things like this. This
is why it;s not happening now. We're getting closer, though..
Right now, an aggregated "knol" could be built with quite a few popular and
common tools (like anything that outputs an "rss", atom, or xml feed).
Here's my prediction for knol:
As with most "new" things, there will be lots of buzz and hype about it in
it's early days. People will be attracted by this, and by the fact that it
offers an alternative schema to wikipedia. But, over time, over the course
of 2, 3, 4 years, many people will realize that knol is basically another
variation of a web form online. The problems with scaling up the knol model
will also become apparent, problems like the fracturing nature of knol.
universal access to editing, over time, will see the evolution of knowledge
construction fragment into many, many ways to describe a given "thing".
While it is good that the adminstrative politics are removed, the equalizing
debate quality is also lessened. Co-editable pages tend to help people work
together towards understanding and shared meaning (provided there are not
overlords hijacking the process). The problem with wikipedia is not the
co-editable pages, it is the "leaders", the people who have the final say on
what goes in.  A comment box is not the same thing. I can ignore your
comment, but I cannot ignore your edit direct edit to my page. A proven
outcome of wiki can be the creation of a "pattern language". The exploration
of meaning through discussion and debate and co-authroing and editing of
knowledge. That is not just some utopian geek fantasy, it really works.
So, anyway, back to my prediction....when the audience peaks, drops off and
stabilizes, then so does the ad revenue money. Which those who were
motivated by ad revenue money to contribute will now decrease that
contribution and time invested. A small core of people will stay with knol
because they "love" it. And most of the rest will visit knol when it shows
up in searches, and that's about it. Contributor folks will move on to the
next "thing" that adds a new twist onto crowdsourcing knowledge.
I think that Wikia Inc may have realized this when they abandoned
  they realized that sustaining
contributions in *your* space is tough to do, especially when primary
motivation is revenue sharing.
What I would really, really like to do is let people use their *existing*
published knowledge in very effective ways. Re-package and deliver in ways
that end users find very valuable for their unique end use context. I don't
want you to put it on my site, and I don't want you to place tacky ads next
to it. I want people to pay you for the value in your knowledge content
itself, because they were able  to *use  it* to *do something they care
about doing*.
Not that knol can't accomplish part of this (especially the repackaging so
that others can use to do soemthing they care about part). But why should
most or all of the money flow to Google when most of the value Google ads
could be added by you and others very easily? I don't even really care to
think about how Google could do it better. They already have enough money.
It is time to think about how people reading this can receive and deliver
the full value of their knowledge and work in the greater "network" of the
internet, without middle men siphoning it off. It's time to start obsoleting
the Googles, Yahoos, and other information ecology behemoths.
On Wed, Aug 13, 2008 at 11:20 AM, Martien van Steenbergen <

@_date: 2008-08-14 11:24:52
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] Re: Role of markets 
Paul's table is here:
I did not see where this was orginally referenced, so not sure what "A" and
"B" represent. And, some of the "examples" were not present, so I just
placed "??" in there. But now you can easily edit, or move to where you'd

@_date: 2008-08-24 03:13:20
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] good article on change dynamics in living 
It would be interesting to look at the following assumptions from this
article as explored through the lens of emerging peer to peer phenomenon:
(1)    A living system only accepts its own solutions (we only support those
things we are a part of creating).
(2)    A living system only pays attention to that which is meaningful to it
(here and now).
(3)    In nature a living system participates in the development of its
neighbour (an isolated system is doomed).
(4)    Nature and all of nature, including ourselves is in constant change
(without 'change management').
(5)    Nature seeks diversity ? new relations open up to new possibilities
(not survival of the fittest).
(6)    'Tinkering' opens up to what is possible here and now ? nature is not
intent on finding perfect solutions.
(7)    A living system cannot be steered or controlled ? they can only be
teased, nudged, titillated.
(8)    A system changes (identity) when its perception of itself changes.
(9)    All the answers do not exist 'out there' ? we must (sometimes)
experiment to find out what works.
(10)    Who we are together is always different and more than who we are
alone (possibility of emergence).
(11)    We (human beings) are capable of self-organising ? given the right
(12)    Self-organisation shifts to a higher order.
I don't think all of the "living system" assumptions asserted above apply
directly to "human" systems, which have the capacity for foresight, and have
the ability to coerce and steer and control in the short term (and often
do). But, the assertions above could be assumptions upon which humans decide
to operate.
My question is: what are the assumptions that we can make about *human*
systems (which are divergent from the balance that tends to emerge in most
other living systems)? And, how are those assumptions relevant to what is
emerging in peer-to-peer phenomenon?

@_date: 2008-08-24 03:19:23
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] barriers to post-industrial transition 
I am going to take a crack at it, and this is something that Paul B Hartzog
could also have some valuable contributions towards, too.

@_date: 2008-08-24 16:09:10
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] new crowdsourcing book is out 
Labeling this phenomenon "crowdsourcing" really puts a limited frame
around what is happening. It suggests that this is only the realm of
corporations who might wish to "outsource" work to a "crowd" of
In fact, there are groups of people that have used peer-production and
collaborative, self-governing networks to by-pass the need for
corporations altogether. They have become "mutual self-sourcing"
groups.  Much of what is described in "crowdsourcing" is available to
any group of people with inexpensive tools and will to make it happen.
Furthermore, the "crowdsourcing" name seems to suggest that people's
interest is an exploitable resource for people seeking to amass
wealth. Successful peer production systems require social negotiation,
and mutual respect among a committed and vested group of people, who
will very likely actively resist becoming someone else's "resource"
should they detect the presence of that desire.
I wish the  "crowdsourcing" moniker could cease to exist in areas
where it does not apply (save maybe something like Amazon's Mechanical
Turk, etc)

@_date: 2008-08-24 23:35:35
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] new crowdsourcing book is out 
Looking forward to Adam's book!
Of course, I don't think you are supporting the idea by passing it
along. It will be interesting to see how this book, which will likely
end up being rather popular, will affect ideas about peer production
among people in more traditional business circles.
One might think that the book came out a year too late, and actually
missed all of the hype surrounding "crowdsourcing" enthusiasm. But,
there are huge swaths of people who are just now starting to think
about these ideas, when many early-adopters have already either given
up on some of them, or have drastically revised their thinking about
it from actual experience.
A side note: I can say that I am planning on employing actual
"crowdsourcing" in the Exploded View project, by  offering random
pictures of discarded technology parts, and asking people to identify
them, then collective filtering the identification data. This will be
part of a database of what is contained in mass produced goods.

@_date: 2008-08-25 12:01:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] new crowdsourcing book is out 
I agree. I also anticipate within the coming few years that the general
business world, which is already starting to pay some attention to our
circles, will begin the process of selectively  "co-opting" many of the
ideas/concepts that originate and have developed among people in the circles
we are involved in. Perhaps that will make the necessity to distinguish even
more important?
Jeff seems like a great guy, and I had followed his blog for a while
starting a year ago when he first started spreading the "crowdsourcing"
meme. After a while, my opinion of a lot of the "crowdsourcing" business
schemes was that I think we (as in we humans on this world) can do at least
a little bit better.
I think a lot of the participants in the communities have also realized
this, and many of them have moved on.
Examples include the demise of Cambrian House:
(what is interesting there is that a huge amount of capital is *not* needed
to carry out this concept)
The lender exodus from prosper.com over a year ago, and their abandonment of
the "group" requirement for obtaining loans
 is still under construction, still not a fully
functioning project 2 years after it is started.
Also, despite the initial hype behind
 dropped quite significantly
last year around this time.
These are a few examples, and I think I could find quite a few more. In at
least 3 cases (not crowdspirit apparently), it appears to me that the
problem boils down to the way that the community feels about being treated
like an expendable resource (a "crowd" who can be "sourced", exploited,
capitalized upon).
Community participation and peer production can work, but the community
needs to be allowed to establish themselves as a real commons, a
self-governing system. They need to be listened to, because they can so
easily leave. The early "crowdsourcing" attempts from a year ago or so, are
actually burning a lot of people on the idea of peer production in general.
The time is actually quite ripe for someone to come along and offer ethical,
community-driven peer production systems. But this type of system is:
   1. Probably should not be approached as a typical internet start up
   venture seeking capital
   2. Could have money-making businesses that are associated with it, but
   itself should be managed as a commons
more later..running out of time..

@_date: 2008-08-25 22:45:53
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] new crowdsourcing book is out 
Ok, maybe I won't come down so judgmental on Jeff's book, but rather just
talk about theory/developments in that blog post. Jeff is a nice guy, and I
don't think he is driven by base motivations from what I can tell. He just
doesn't look at things through the same lens, I think.
Let me know where you park this in the blog and I will flesh it out with you
there, if you want.

@_date: 2008-08-25 22:46:46
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] new crowdsourcing book is out 
I will talk about Jeff's book and use something like your title, though...

@_date: 2008-02-01 11:45:15
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Hardt Negri Mouffe Laclau Virilio Melucci 
Hmm..Paul, I wonder if it could also be useful to graph and datamine the
subject areas, bibliographies, etc in certain ways? I could have some time
to look at doing that in a couple of months, if you think it could be
Also , I wonder if there are existing catalogued data sources for this type
of thing, for published works?

@_date: 2008-02-01 11:58:02
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Hardt Negri Mouffe Laclau Virilio Melucci 
Ok, for sure.
(Would be neat to build this into Drupal, since you are already using it, if

@_date: 2008-02-03 09:26:39
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] peer governance and democracy, 
Hey, y'all, I still need to read Ned's book...
A related note: One of the interesting developments of the digital medium is
that as social, information, and knowledge software evolves, it is
increasingly shifting more and more of the power over functionality,
location of and access to data, control over interface function and design,
and info architecture elements over to the end user, or to
non-programming-literate users.
Although, by the same token, people who do not have a basic literacy in
programming principles still often do not understand how to use and access
these tools, even when they are available. Basic participatory media
literacies could arguably change observed outcomes. I cannot count how many
times I have helped people unlock functionality they did not know about in
many existing social software platforms, such as WordPress, Drupal, Media
Wiki, etc.

@_date: 2008-02-03 09:46:59
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] peer governance and democracy, request to Ned 
Patrick, it is good to see you here.
I actually have basically the same response for you that I gave previously
to Ned.
I think your ideas can work on a *voluntary* basis, and I think people will
need a way to acquire a literacy of the dynamics they are participating in.
For instance, in  you
make a very important point about the reality of "rival goods":
"A consumer pays
there is real or artificial rivalry.
Rivalry is 'real' when a product is scarce even after all effort has been
toward increasing abundance.
Rivalry is 'artificial' when a product is scarce because of actions by
owners to decrease abundance.
Artificial rivalry can be held in place when consumers do not know how to
organize and own the
production themselves. A
UserOwned  organization
does not employ artificial rivalry unless they are acting against
*new*users that are not yet owners - and in that case they are not a
UserOwned  company."
Without literacy, people will tend to rely on social apparatus like states
to theoretically "fairly enforce" something like a best effort towards
increasing abundance in a product or resource.
So, literacy, or lots of verifiable transparency is needed.
This is actually the goal of a project I am working on now, with Marcin
Jakubowski. The idea here varies from UserOwner a bit, and can be found
Basically, consumers can fund small amounts up front, to engineers who make
a social contract with them to produce a proposed technology product at cost
of parts and labor. The technology designs are released under an open
license, they are not patented. And, the entire enterprise can be recreated
because there is a reporting process that tries to make transparent what is
done with the funding to develop products. Trying to show a best effort on
many dimensions that the product was not intentionally made scarce.
The biggest obstacle right now to what we are proposing, and to what you are
proposing, is a basic "literacy" among most people you would present the
idea to, about how it can works as an alternative to what they are currently
Probably for User Owner, the second biggest obstacle is government
regulation. But, careful research, and activist implementations could
quickly challenge legalities, and establish what falls under the law.

@_date: 2008-02-04 15:29:35
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] peer governance and democracy, 
Yes, I definitely respect your perspective, for sure. Although, it is so
totally the opposite of my own nature, which refuses *not* to understand the
technological processes. :) But, I think this is a matter of personal
"taste" in problem solving.
You probably have more room on your "mental table" for things that I may be
crowding out with my quests to understand technology. Yet, if my car breaks
down in the middle of nowhere, I can often do something about it :)
Anyway, I think that what I hope will happen is that people will obtain a
general literacy of the underlying principles and nature of the medium. Not
so much the fine grained technological details, but the basic pervasive
properties. Enough so that you would be empowered to be self sufficient
using tools of your choice because you understand what they do on a general
In your case, I would venture to guess, based on discussions that we have
had over time, that by using the medium, and solving problems, you have
gained some of these literacies. This is one of the most effective ways for
people to gain these basic understandings, by using  tools, and employing
processes to solve problems they actually care about.
People still don't necessarily become technological experts, but they
understand the utility of something like wiki, for instance, by using it in
practical applications. Then, this becomes part of their social media
toolkit for solving problems. And, I think some of the basic programming
principles become available to more people as they are shifting into the
user interface. Things like Yahoo Pipes, which mimics the "pipes" of Unix
systems in certain ways. And, understanding data as objects, and hooking
data objects together, such as when you tag web pages in del.icio.us. Or,
when data is exportable and reusable as RSS feeds
And, on a deeper level, people start to learn about the more abstract
systemic concepts, and they can learn to understand possible outcomes of
certain approaches. I think the overall roughly 5% of knowledge about how
something works you describe is increasing a bit, just because of the nature
of the digital medium, which gives so many dimensions of possibilities to
the user.
I am basically theorizing that once "power" of certain types in media
ecologies is shifting from "administrators" to  "users", that  the system
would only sustain itself if the "users" understand the abstract dynamics of
what they are doing on different scales beyond themselves.
For instance, if they are collectively managing a resource as a "commons",
it probably only be a sustainable commons if most of the people involved
recognize the dynamics, and understand the "game" they are playing (tragedy
of the commons), and act accordingly. This is the type of "literacy" that is
lacking, and is needed IMO. Also, literacies of human nature, and literacies
of foresight, and media ecology, among others.
For instance, a media ecology example is that many people from a generation
previous to mine will approach the digital medium from the old print and
broadcast paradigms, and will tend to want to use the medium as a one-way
content delivery medium. They are struggling to understand the how's and
why's of multi-way communication and content creation. In part, because for
so long, controlling the message, and controlling flows of information, and
access to knowledge was the best route to succeeding commercially, which was
the only success that mattered to most people. Now, it is my belief that a
significant amount of people are starting to intuit that there are other
benchmarks for success beyond money. So, I think they can understand how
their actions and reactions, and ways of solving their problems of existence
can contribute towards those other benchmarks or motivations.
I think that the majority of people can come to gain these literacies, and I
think that the path towards this happening lies in part within
  and
 in helping people understand how
to make use of new mediums
(Also, I can confirm that it takes equally as long to install Windows XP as
it does to install most Linux Distributions. Neither of which should take an
hour on a computer who's vintage is within the last 4-5 years) And, I
recently installed Debian [which is what Ubuntu is based off of]on a
computer in about 20 minutes. Although, I did not install a lot of things I
didn't need either. Instead I install as I need. For an even quicker Ubuntu
install, that takes way less space on your computer try
  :-) )

@_date: 2008-02-04 20:35:54
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] peer governance and democracy, 
Actually, from what I can tell, the economy that is enabling the last mile
usable software in the realm of open source is at this time at least in part
an economy that is funded through things like:
   - commercial development of open source, which is releasing high
   quality software components that improve usability, but were produced to
   "scratch an itch" of a company or enterprise. Often seen in Drupal, PHP,
   Python and Ruby communities.
   - Bounties, or reverse bounties that are commissioned by developers or
   people who need the type of functionality you speak of, and realize that
   they can come in at a much lower cost factor by starting with an open source
   basis
The OSS communities often want to keep money motivations out of the
development process. Yet, it often takes at least a small injection of money
to get a programmer to bring open source software to the point of being
non-programmer friendly. So, that is kind of the state of things, because
most programmers are surviving in a commercial economy, and because most
components that make up OSS tend to be stitched together from many smaller
contributions, most of which where made to solve a specific problem, but
meet guidlines for inclusion in the greater system by the community.
User interface is getting better, though, in OSS. Examples like Ubuntu,
Socialtext,  Drupal, are illustrative

@_date: 2008-02-04 21:30:52
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [P2P Foundation] From Citizendium To Eduzendium 
Following this thread, I have to say I really like the idea of forking
Wikipedia. It needs a new social governance model that is based more on
 and
"Notability" is a ridiculous requirement given the cheapness of space within
an average wiki, and given the presence of search, and information
Deletion should be a *last resort* for quality assurance in a system where
content is expected to be produced by volunteers. The rule should instead be
figuring out how to accurately contextualize content, and incorporate the
different views, find references for claims, etc.
One of the problems with Wikipedia, vs. other successful wiki communities is
that wiki communities like Meatball wiki, etc are a group of maybe 12-25
regular contributors who work together to build trust and shared meaning.
Wikipedia is a group of 25 or so admins and enthusiasts who have come to see
themselves as pitted against the masses who throng into wikipedia every day.
Wikipedia would do better to invite contributors to join groups that are
focused on different areas of interest, and encourage people to get to know
one another, build dialogue/communication among people in these interest
groups. And, let these groups be held to soft security rules, in addition to
NPOV rules.

@_date: 2008-02-04 22:20:20
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wikipedia, Citizendium, Eduzendium, ... 
I think also that you see these mixed signals, because some of the
6.5billion people in this world are not yet ready for the kind of
change implied.
It is human nature, that when confronted with change that a human is not yet
ready for, those humans will either:
   - "circle the wagons" and try to conserve the status quo ways of
   solving problems of existence
   - "regress" back to earlier ways of solving problems of existence
Yet, we all live together in one global system, so you get the mixed
Radical revolution will only ever happen where the majority of humans are
"ready" for the type of change in question.
But what does that mean, being "ready for a type of change"?
American Psychology professor Clare W. Graves
 identified six conditions in his
researchwhich must be present for change to occur. Those six conditions are
(these were later repeated in the Spiral Dynamics book):
   1. Potential
   2. Solutions
   3. Dissonance
   4. Insight
   5. Barriers (or thresholds) identified and overcome
   6. Consolidation and support
These can be described this way (from    1. The basic potential for change must exist. Chimpanzees are
   *physically* unable to speak. No amount of learning will change this.
   2. Solutions must exist for present or previously unresolved problems.
   If we do not yet have an adequate grasp of the existing world view or a
   critical situation takes all our energy, we cannot move to the next "world
   view". We would not expect to see a bold new vision for the education of
   English children appearing in 1944. All energy was channeled into defeating
   Hitler.
   3. There must be a level of dissonance. If we are perfectly happy
   where we are, nothing moves us to change. Something must feel uncomfortable
   or out of balance.
   4. Insight into the situation is required with some idea of what the
   better future might be. There must be some prospect of a better life, a
   sense that there is hope in continuing.
   5. The Barriers to change must be identified and overcome. Correctly
   identifying the barriers is crucial. Most individuals initially will see the
   barriers as external (economy, social norms, tyrant boss, etc), but they are
   often internal (lack of planning, wasted energy, misplaced effort,
   self-sabotage, etc.). Once the barriers are identified, they must be (a)
   eliminated, (b) bypassed, (c) neutralized, or (d) reframed into something
   else. (quoted from
   great explanation)
   6. Consolidation and support. The tender new shoot is vulnerable in a
   way it will never be as a large tree. When a leap forward is made, it must
   be reinforced and encouraged, to avoid slipping back to the previous state.
This page
gives a good description of the Potential for change
("Open/Arrested/Closed" to change) which are also directly from Graves's
original research.
When a new way of solving the problems of human existence emerges, these
dynamics above influence the way that many different people deal with that
emergence. Some people are currently focused on personal physical survival,
some on "getting rich", and some are focused on improving social equity, and
some are focused on preserving the traditions of the past, to give a few
examples, all living in the same interconnected world system, at the same
So, the question that I am thinking about is "what type of change are
significant amounts of people really ready for, right now?"
What kinds of change can meet the conditions above? What types of change can
likely be sustained, and can be expected to realistically see uptake among
large amounts of people?
One type of change that I think people are now ready for is to start seeing
resources as co-governed "commons" instead of "commodities" upon which
people should stake individual claims. I think that there is substantial
Potential, "dissonance", and insight emerging among people about the
conditions of environment, depletable resources, and imminent destruction as
a result of the present course. People are ready for this type of change,
right now, today. This is where I think that people like us can have a
substantial impact upon the world and the non-destructive evolution of
humans over the course of the next 30+ years. Helping people understand how
to govern depletable resources of many kinds as a commons, and how to
transition existing socio-economic infrastructure away from commodity-driven
markets without having to lobby governments and hope they will listen and
respond to you in time.

@_date: 2008-02-06 09:17:11
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Majordomo results 
The value that majordomo received was "michelsub2004 at gmail.com"
So either:
   - You accidentally typed michelsub2004 at gmail.com in on a form, or it
   was autocompleted for you in a form
   - Maybe you have an email forward set up on the yahoo address?
   - Maybe you have a setting on the yahoo address that designates the
   "from" field as michelsub2004 at gmail.com ?
What is the yahoo email address? Is it michelsub2004 [at] yahoo.com ?

@_date: 2008-02-09 11:00:37
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Health implications of wireless 
*"A large body of data exists on the biological effects of exposure to RFEM
fields. Much of this literature describes experimental investigations with
laboratory animals, tissue preparations, or cells. There are also several
epidemiologic studies. Consequences of exposure to RFEM energy that have
been reported in the literature at various exposure levels include effects
on behavior, the central nervous system, blood parameters, the immune
response, the endocrine system, metabolism and thermoregulation,
reproduction, the auditory system and the eyes.*
*Several standard-setting organizations have evaluated the data on
biological effects and have determined that a threshold SAR of about 4 W/kg
averaged over the whole body is the level at or above which adverse health
effects may occur in human beings. This SAR is equivalent to about 2.5 times
the resting energy production rate of the human body. Organizations that
have used 4 W/kg as a basis for standard-setting include the ANSI (ANSI,
1982 ), the
IEEE (ANSI/IEEE,
1992 ), the
National Council on Radiation Protection and Measurements (NCRP,
the American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH,
the National Radiological Protection Board (NPRB,
and the International Radiation Protection Association (IRPA,
However, in 1984 the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (Elder and Cahill,
1984 ) concluded
*the review of the currently available literature on RF radiation provides
evidence that biological effects occur at an SAR of about 1 W/kg; some of
them may be significant under certain environmental conditions." Therefore,
although biological effects may occur at SARs in the range 1 to 4 W/kg, 4
W/kg is the consensus threshold level of potentially harmful effects.*
*Evaluation of the experimental data on biological effects in laboratory
animals does not provide convincing evidence that prolonged RFEM exposure at
low whole-body-averaged SARs (0.4 W/kg or less) can be harmful to human
health; further, the available evidence indicates that moderate absorption
rates (approximately 1 W/kg) can be tolerated by human beings. However,
unless properly supervised and controlled in a medical setting, prolonged
whole-body exposure at specific absorption rates high enough (e.g., greater
than 4 W/kg) to elevate the body's core temperature in excess of 1 degree C
should be avoided. The ANSI/IEEE
NCRP (1986) IRPA
(1993)  standards
and recommendations are based on a SAR of 4 W/kg threshold. Each
incorporates safety factors to derive the recommendation that whole-body
average exposure levels not exceed 0.4 W/kg in environments designated
either occupational or "controlled", or 0.08 W/kg in environments designated
either general-public or "uncontrolled". Detailed definitions of controlled
and uncontrolled environments can be found in the ANSI/IEEE
* and
*Although individual standards may differ somewhat in the specifics, they
generally all converge on similar threshold values of SAR. Some standards
also provide data on maximum allowable partial body exposures and criteria
for avoiding RF shocks and burns. It should be noted that SAR criteria do
not apply to exposures at low frequencies (less than 100 kHz) for which
nerve stimulation (shock) occurs, or at frequencies higher than 6 GHz for
which surface heating prevails."*
That is as of 1995, and this combined research has generated the standards
that we are currently operating under. Although, there probably is ongoing
research, I am not aware of a new standards-altering review (I can't find
one, anyway).
I interpret the above IEEE publication as saying that ther definitely are
known health concerns, and there are known thresholds upon which a consensus
has been reached from several independent sources, that known health
risks/biological damage can occur.
So, what is the usual mW output, and exposure of Frequency Division Duplex,
and what is the  amount of time exposure normally experienced? I think this
will give us a better idea of the danger/non-danger of FDD-based WiFi, and
other technologies (if you accept IEEE and other findings, which is agreed
upon to be at 4W/kg average exposure being the threshold for damage).

@_date: 2008-02-09 11:33:56
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] mode of production shootout 
How do you see something like
 into these
categories (if at all)?

@_date: 2008-02-10 12:58:30
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Health implications of wireless 
That is good advice
Actually, without digging up a bunch of references, I think research has
shown that a person's beliefs/perceptions/ongoing state of mind can have a
HUGE affect on their actual health. One person who has done who has done a
huge amount of work in this areas is Bruce McEwen
So, taking this reality into account does seem scientific to me
I agree, the research of IEEE does not seem very conclusive, nor do the
standards it has generated seem to keep pace with new data and information
I think this is the most compelling argument you have. At least it is the
one that resonates the most with me. Having been employed in the
telecommunications industry in the US for over 8 years, it would not suprise
me at *all* if telecommunications companies were able to wield a huge
influence over these safety standards through the influence of money and
lobbies. Telecomms in the US have extremely powerful lobbies.
Well, I think that at least someone at IEEE was trying to keep it real by
including the real factor that belief can beyond the shadow of a doubt, have
a huge effect. They simply need to have enough comparisons of people who
believe vs those that do not to eliminate this as a significant factor. Like
you said, that research is probably not being done.
Most of the recent research I have come across seems to lean towards FDD
being safer.
I brought up IEEE because:
   - There *is* a scientific consensus from many standards bodies who
   have done actual research around their numbers.
   - Their research is based upon close to 40 years worth of testing and
   research combined to make their findings, specifically about the W per kg,
   and W range.
I don't think that the IEEE work is the last word, and I think in a world
where people in power cared about safety, the IEEE findings I referenced
would probably have not been good enough to base a set of standards off of.
I have to disagree with you that the publication that I referenced has
inaccurate information. I can find absolutely nothing that is based on
actual research, that disputes or refutes the numbers referenced.
When I referenced that report, and those numbers, I said:
"what is the usual mW output, and exposure of Frequency Division Duplex, and
what is the  amount of time exposure normally experienced? I think this will
give us a better idea of the danger/non-danger of FDD-based WiFi, and other
technologies (if you accept IEEE and other findings, which is agreed upon to
be at 4W/kg average exposure being the threshold for damage)."
I think if we are going to say that 4W/kg is inaccurate, we should have some
kind of evidence that refutes what that number is based on, which comes from
work from several international sources. all of which I do not believe are
on the payroll of telecomm companies.
Anyway, this is not a debate that I want to spend a lot of time on. And, it
is getting way of topic in it's present state for this list.
But, I think some real work needs to be done to establish a baseline that is
absolutely known not to be tainted by industry money. Then, you will have
something to judge FDD by. I think we both probably agree with that. So,
there really is not a conclusive answer to the actual question you are
asking at this time, from anyone :)

@_date: 2008-02-11 10:49:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] mode of production shootout 
Thanks for your reply.
I asked this question, because it's my experience that in real-world
practice, different applications are "mixing" some elements of these "modes"
together. The conditions of the world itself often do not allow the actual
application of just one conceptually pure mode of production, distribution,
In the case of the  example I
am helping Marcin work on applying right now, Marcin is commercializing copy
lefted designs, by first asking people to co-fund his creation and
development of the product through many different cycles that will lead up
to the product being available for sale at the cost of labor and materials
This is not (yet) a "User Owner" or "PropertyFarLeft" model, because
investors and users do not become full legal "owners" of anything. Instead,
they co-fund to help a team of people evolve a technology to the point of
being ready for commercial production, yet also released under a copyleft
Although, Marcin also wants to bring interested folks to his location, show
them how to use the equipment, in exchange for those people turning out a
few products as part of their learning process. Those people will then be
able to go and replicate his business.
Marcin will also be able to sell his finished product to contractors,
builders, and others, who just want to buy a finished product (such as a
compressed earth block making machine, etc)
Correct me if I am wrong, but it seems to me that this model that Marcin has
come up with, (with some small contribution from myself), has some elements
of the different modes that you talk about in
I actually don't think that
 a new entry in your
table. Instead, I think that
 as I am describing it, is
already defined by different elements in your table.

@_date: 2008-02-11 10:58:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open letter to Routledge 
I really want to get exactly this type of review program going for
interested parties in P2P foundation network, as I discussed briefly with
Michel when we were in Nottingham.
We need only to create a letter, email or mail it out to publishers, and I
think we'll receive a good response if we highlight our audience and areas
of appeal.
This could also increase our (blog) readership possibly, and general
interest in participation.
I am willing to sign. Although I doubt if Routledge knows, or cares, about
who I am :)

@_date: 2008-02-11 14:08:53
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] mode of production shootout 
Well, it's actually Marcin's creation, the name anyway.
I think he's wide open to anything that helps simplify his work into
something that is easier to understand, so please do plug your suggestions
at least into the talk page, if not on the actual page itself.
I understand now what you were trying to accomplish with the table. It makes
sense, and I know you are not yet finished, so it wouldn't be fair of me to
get too critical yet.
I'll leave it up to you to decide whether to make comparison in the table. I
just mostly wanted to try and understand the spectrum your were outlining
though the lens of an evolving real-world application.
Anyway, I really like the work you are doing, and hope that you keep it up,
and I promise to engage it more as time permits

@_date: 2008-02-11 14:52:19
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open letter to Routledge 
Plus, and I know it is frustrating, but I promise you that, like I had
written to the list previously, people just will not change in ways that
they are not yet ready to.
So, the challenge is how can you, we, or anyone, make Ownership possible in
a way that people are ready to employ and deploy in this world, right now,
today?  The problem that most people are trying to solve on a fundamental
level right now, is a problem of basic subsistence existence. Basically,
they are world views that revolve around assumptions about how to split up
the pie of depletable resources.
You can try to "reframe the game" to show what is really happening as much
as you want for people, and this will really work for some of them. Because
they happen to be people who are ready to hear and understand, and change.
BUT, some of them are not yet ready for this. So, they will:
   - Do what I call "Circle the wagons", stay steadfastly where they are
   at, when confronted with this change
   - "regress", shift to an earlier way of solving problems of existence
   if "circling the wagons" doesn't work
So, in this case, you have to "tune your transmitter to their receiver".
think about why they are solving problems the way that they are, what their
fundamental assumptions about reality are, talk to them in those terms.
Offer ways for people to engage your processes and solutions in a way that
they are ready to do, right now.
Then, I think we the usr/consumers really will stop begging the current
I think in this case, that if a real, working alternative existed for
scientific writers, that allowed those with different motivations to get
what they are looking for, while also giving more control over to the
consumers and users/writers, that people would take that alternative.
But right now, no such alternative exists, and so people are not yet ready
to strike out and make it happen, and give up what they have.
So, it is up to us, to create that alternative that will actually work for
the actual people in question, if it's important to us to see this type of

@_date: 2008-02-12 11:18:25
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open letter to Routledge 
It's a good idea, and I am interested in it.
I have a summary to write for John Robb's book "Brave New War" for Coop
Commons, and I have a summary to write for Clare W Graves book "Never Ending
Quest" and "Infotopia". So, I could also convert those to reviews pretty
easily. Those are some fairly recent books, anyway.

@_date: 2008-02-12 17:39:21
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: At Harvard, a Proposal to Publish Free on Web 
At Harvard, a Proposal to Publish Free on Web
By PATRICIA COHEN
Published: February 12, 2008
Publish or perish has long been the burden of every aspiring university
professor. But the question the
will decide on Tuesday is whether to publish ? on the Web, at least
? free.
Faculty members are scheduled to vote on a measure that would permit Harvard
to distribute their scholarship online, instead of signing exclusive
agreements with scholarly journals that often have tiny readerships and high
subscription costs.
Although the outcome of Tuesday's vote would apply only to Harvard's arts
and sciences faculty, the impact, given the university's prestige, could be
significant for the open-access movement, which seeks to make scientific and
scholarly research available to as many people as possible at no cost.
"In place of a closed, privileged and costly system, it will help open up
the world of learning to everyone who wants to learn," said Robert Darnton,
director of the university library. "It will be a first step toward freeing
scholarship from the stranglehold of commercial publishers by making it
freely available on our own university repository."
Under the proposal Harvard would deposit finished papers in an open-access
repository run by the library that would instantly make them available on
the Internet. Authors would still retain their copyright and could publish
anywhere they pleased ? including at a high-priced journal, if the journal
would have them.
What distinguishes this plan from current practice, said Stuart Shieber, a
professor of computer science who is sponsoring the faculty motion, is that
it would create an "opt-out" system: an article would be included unless the
author specifically requested it not be. Mr. Shieber was the chairman of a
committee set up by Harvard's provost to investigate scholarly publishing;
this proposal grew out of one of the recommendations, he said.
The publishing industry, as well as some scholarly groups, have opposed some
forms of open access, contending that free distribution of scholarly
articles would ultimately eat away at journals' value and wreck the existing
business model. Such a development would in turn damage the quality of
research, they argue, by allowing articles that have not gone through a
rigorous process of peer review to be broadcast on the Internet as easily as
a video clip of Britney Spears's latest hairdo. It would also cut into
subsidies that some journals provide for educational training and
professional meetings, they say.
J. Lorand Matory, a professor of anthropology and African and African
American studies at Harvard, said he sympathized with the goal of bringing
down the sometimes exorbitant price of scientific periodicals, but worried
that a result would be to eliminate a whole range of less popular journals
that are subsidized by more profitable ones.
Art history periodicals, for example, are extremely expensive to publish
because of the reproduction costs, and subscriptions pay for those as well
as some of the discipline's annual gatherings.
Professor Matory also pointed out that "any professor who wants to put his
or her article up online can."
Asked about the Harvard proposal, Allan Adler, vice president for legal and
governmental affairs at the Association of American Publishers, said that
mandates are what publishers object to, as when Congress required that any
work financed by the National Institutes for Health be funneled through
PubMed Central, an open-access repository maintained by the National Library
of Medicine.
"As long as they leave the element of choice for authors and publishers," he
said, "there isn't a problem."
Supporters of open access say that the current system creates a different
set of problems for academics. Expensive journals cut into a library's
budget for scholarly books and monographs, which hurts academic publishers,
which hurts the coming generation of scholars who must publish to gain
Professor Shieber also doubts that free distribution would undermine the
journal industry. "We don't know if that would happen," he said. "There is
little evidence to support that it would." Nearly all scholarly articles on
physics have been freely available on the Internet for more than a decade,
he added, and physics journals continue to thrive.
As for the vote, Professor Shieber said: "As far as I know, everyone I've
ever talked to is supportive of the underlying principle. Still there is a
difference between an underlying principle and specific proposal."

@_date: 2008-02-13 22:55:08
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] why social advertising doesn't work 
I think the basic insight stems from the fact that the average person sees
well over a thousand advertising messages a day (I can give reference to
this number if needed)
So, people tend to tune out ads, block them from their field of vision (if
not literally blocking them as Joseph does)
For a while, perhaps 7-8 years ago, search/text advertising seemed to work.
But ultimately people tuned this out, too.
Part of what the article is talking about is how these big moneyed companies
are buying audiences by way of buying up each other, or cutting deals. They
think they are buying users, like the Microsoft/Yahoo deal, this article you
link to speculates that maybe Microsoft is interested in Yahoo because MS
can "buy" users for it's "Live" web platform products, for instance, to
counter Google's threat to them, where Google is making useful free web
applications available that have people throwing out their Desktop MS apps
in favor of Google Web-enabled offerings.
The author also seems to be speculating that what MS and some others
(Myspace, etc) are missing is the social protocol in platforms like Twitter
and Facebook, where "gangs" of people can create mutually agreed upon
message passing channels around different interests (both in twitter
"follow/follow", and in Facebook super walls, both of wich can produce email
messages). The author of the article you linked to is saying that these
mutual social contract channels are where many people's attentions are most
strongly focused, and where influence is real, online. Mostly because people
have the transparency of knowing who info comes from via ongoing
relationships. So, *most people will only bother to pass messages in these
channels when they really actually like and care about what they are talking
about*. Otherwise, it can often be possible to see "marketing" based motives
in these channels.

@_date: 2008-02-15 20:48:38
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Meta-Markets updates 
I did a test run by registerig and doign an IPO with a few of my popular
del.icio.us bookmarks. It was interesting, but the site is apparently just
an excercise/experiment at this point. It is at this point a trading of
shares in an alternative currency.
It could become more interesting if they start connecting with other
alternative currencies, like maybe Second Life linden dollars, or other alt
currencies that actually have value.
Right now I have a balance of *114.80*?  (* ***? = Burikans)
But, they have apparently pulled my IPO's from the site (or maybe they were
automatically de-listed due to inactivity after a while?)
Probably would be worth talking to Burak to see where he hopes all of this
will end up eventually.

@_date: 2008-02-15 22:26:25
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Meta-Markets updates 
Indeed. I see your point about valuing whole knowledge collections. And, I
think as people start to collaborate with their knowledge collections, there
could be value there, too.
Another thing is what about sites like  meatball
wiki,  or any knowledge
commons? Would be neat to be able to create some kind of IPO connected to
community-driven knowledge collaborations.
I am keen to read Burak's post, and to understand what the future of these
markets might be. One thing could simply be a kind of vote of confidence to
show people where a lot of other people think that value is, I suppose.
Also, it seems like there could be actual alternative economies built up
around these trading markets. Like they could become and alternative
currency-based foundation for alternative economies.
A consensus that both myself and Steve Bosserman (copied this email to him)
have come to is that the economies that seem to be emerging around knowledge
commons collections are economies of deliverable value. This is another way
to say that people are now mostly only willing to pay for knowledge that is
packaged and delivered into solutions that they can actually use right now
in their own processes and work, to solve problems they care about solving.
But, how to sort through all of the open knowledge out there, and figure out
what is a useful set of building blocks for putting together and packaging
those solutions? Maybe these markets are at least one way? Maybe if these
trading markets, that value knowledge products, were carefully run, they
could create one way for people to rate, or even bet on, the current and
future value of open knowledge collections, based not on how easy they are
to "monetize" or profit from, but how useful they are for creating
real-world solutions, for instance.
One of the items on my To-Do list was to create a filtering application that
would let myself, Steve, and others, collaboratively rate and evaluate, and
improve and repackage open licensed knowledge into useful educational
materials. It is totally possible that a parallel process could involve
markets, for the reasons that I discuss here:
Pretty much the same set of reasons why it can be useful to employ
prediction markets along with "collective intelligence" efforts that are
based around deliberation, since markets are a non-deliberation-based way to
aggregate intelligence from a group, while avoiding some of the negative
side effects that can emerge from deliberation. If deliberative processes
are also offered, than those that resonate with deliberation may engage, and
those who are more interested in engaging through a market driven process
could have access to that. The collaborative filtering from both processes
could then potentially better inform a determination of value than either
process alone.
2008/2/15 Michel Bauwens :

@_date: 2008-02-19 08:30:18
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] arguments against applying open/free to other 
Without actually addressing his arguments one-by-one, I have to say that his
understanding of how people can possibly earn a living from art, music, and
creative works, is limited. I think that time will prove him wrong.
I do agree with him that it's useful to declare a license of some form up
front, as the creator of a work. I have actually run across people recently
who have released creative works, and have declared no license, which means
that others can come along and use the legal system to enclose their works
that they intended to be "public domain" later.
This was the case with
I spoke with the inventor of this machine, Pat Delany, on the phone a few
months ago. It turned out that he is a Texas oil industry retiree who is in
his 70's, and he intended to release this machine into the public domain,
but didn't really know too much about "licensing" in this way.
This happens with lots of people working on the realm of open hardware, who
explicitly *do not* want to patent or enclose, but do not know where to
With creative works, like art and music, I understand the author's point
about donation based models, and needing build up fan bases. Yet, the need
to build up demand in order to make a profit exists no matter what, whether
or not they are donation based, or whether music materials are totally
copyrighted, for instance.
I can tell you from experience as a professional touring musician, our group
made more money by offering recordings and other products for a donation,
than just trying to sell them outright. And, these products we're all fully
copyrighted. But the way that we sold them was by asking for people who took
a CD to donate whatever they could. This also happens to be a good way to
attract more fans, by making your recording more widely available.

@_date: 2008-02-20 08:32:30
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: arguments against applying open/free to 
Most our argument seems to boil down to getting rid of copyright, vs.
keeping it, and "myths" that you think people have or perceive about these
issues . I think all artists should *keep* copyright, even those releasing
under public domain, but within the terms of their copyright, declare how
they want copyright applied to their work.
I don't really care if the above statement appears to addresses your issues
or arguments, or not. I think you should do some talking to artists, and
musicians who make a living from art/music, you may be surprised about their
"I'll just add to this that side jobs don't count in discussing these
issues. Sure, one can survive with a clerk or farming job, or even
teaching guitar, literature or mathematics and play or write at
I survived for a couple of years solely off of revenue from being an
independent recording artist/touring musician. I know many others who have,
Still, I think you are wrong that saying that "side jobs don't even count in
discussing these issues". Maybe they do not count for you, but they sure as
hell count for me. There is absolutely no reason not to consider *anyone*
who is making money, and decisions about making money as an
artist/musician/creative, into the equation.
"But if this is the _only_ way to survive for an artist, if an artist
cannot be just an artist full time, with as little powerful patrons
and intermediaries as possible... it isn't a good thing for society as
a whole, we haven't progressed all that much since the middle ages and
a reformed copyright continues to seem to me the most natural,
effective and intrinsically right way to avoid these errors."
The ways that you discuss are not the only ways to survive as an artist. My
father in law is a full time, fully self employed artist, and has been for
over 40 years. He has no rich patrons, yet makes a living from art.
Here is one clue: For every self-employed, independent artist, there are at
least 3 times as many other independent self-employed people out there, who
are employed in other trades or fields, but can use artistic talents in
their work. There are huge markets for enterprising visual and audio
artists. They are not "get rich" markets, though, they are "make a living"
Here is why I think you lack an understanding of how some artists and
musicians make a living (at least in the US, and in areas where I can speak
from actual experience): ***Most of the time, for independent artists who
make an actual living from art or music, total protection of works not come
into play as an important factor*** many of them could easily allow re-use
under certain conditions, and often benefit by way of re-use with
requirement attribution (giving credit to original source). This does not
mean that licensing is not also a factor, but the times when most
independent artists are able to charge multiple license charges from one
piece of work are often far less than the money they make from producing
unique works for individual paying clients.
So, an artist can release works, like photography, or creative images, under
a creative commons license that either totally lets people re-use for
commercial purposes (provided they give him attribution) or is allowed only
for non-commercial purposes. Usually, the work that the artist does is only
valuable to the one client who may have payed him to do it. And often, that
client, and the artist would benefit from allowing the copying and
redistribution of the image, which would aid publicity of both the artist
and the client. Usually the artists works are not stolen by some huge
corporation, as is often imagined.  If artists are worried about that, there
is something they can very easily do about it.
That is artists. Musicians do make money, making music and licensing it to
record labels and radio stations. But, it's more nuanced than that.
I'd like you to read, if you've already read, it, re-read
  and understand that most *really
successful* and popular musicians signed to a record label, working through
middle men as you suggest, walk away with peanuts, with the equivalent of a
convenience store worker's wages, after everyone gets their cut. This is the
reality of working through middle men in the music industry, as you suggest
at So, musicians can actually stand to do better if they go it alone. But, they
lack infrastructure for publicity and distribution, and this is where
creative commons-style licenses can help, when musicians try to sell their
works online. Most independent musicians make the majority of their money by
way of touring, with some coming from selling recordings and merchandise.
When I toured in a band, people would record our shows, and trade them
online. This was fine with me, because it helped to promote our music, it
helped to take the place of the middle men who would have otherwise taken a
huge cut of the money we made from playing shows, selling merchandise, etc.
Maybe over where you are at, people are actually arguing about no copyright
vs. copyright, but over here, many people have caught on to the idea of a
spectrum of rights, like those found in creative commons license. This lets
artists protect what they actually know their interests to be. Because, in
real practice, and in the emerging media ecology,  there are more ways to
make a living from creative works than just encircling them with copyright
and demanding that any and all users pay you.

@_date: 2008-02-20 17:39:49
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Arguments against generalizing copyright-less 
I think we might actually make some progress if we move this discussion to
the p2pfoundation wiki.
This way, instead of point-counter-point arguing with each other, we might
instead come to better understanding of multiple perspectives, and others
reading this won't have to sift through our email threads to get the key
points (I admit I am just as guilty of making the thread dense as anyone).
I will try to summarize it here
and you can jump in and edit the page and correct me wherever you see that I
have it wrong.
I don't think any of us are actually really arguing against your central
core point, which is that completely tossing aside any declaration of usage
by others is potentially a bad idea. I agree with this, and as you mention,
creative commons, and other licenses are based around the default of total
copyright, with nuanced permissions granted by the creator. Indeed, common
law in many countries often assumes this, too.
So, that is what I read as your central point, that we should not
necassarily turn that on it's head, but that maybe we should instead educate
people, give them literacies about how they can work with existing
conditions, instead of inverting them by default, invert them per person's
If that is the gist of what you are saying, it makes sense to me. I think we
agree on this point, and it seems to one of your core points. Please correct
me if I am wrong.
Beyond that, I will have to address your blog posts point by point when I
have time, and I think that I can do it better in a wiki page that we can
both edit, than in an email thread, so if you agree I'll create one page on
p2p wiki that tries to faithfully summarize your arguments (unless there
already is one) then I will create another that critiques your arguments,
with citations that can back up what I am asserting.
Hopefully you'll see this a bit more fair than the indirect ciriticism that
has taken place on this list so far (and maybe more useful).

@_date: 2008-02-26 14:41:07
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Interested in Open Product Development? maybe you 
Maybe some of you are familiar with the  project?
Here are a few hands-on projects we are tackling now, that we could really
use some help on:
   - We are trying to systematize digital designs into revision control
   (using subversion) We're in search of useful open source software that can
   represent 3D designs (like the compressed earth block machine
    and are looking at
   the pros and cons of any and all A goal is to create a way to program an XYZ
   table, and electronic controls for basically all machines. If you have
   knowledge in this area, we would love to talk to you
   - If you have house/building designs that you would like to release
   under an Open Hardware License, or copyleft, that would be an invaluable
   contribution, and companion to the compressed earth block machine.
      - If you have immediate desired uses for CEB building materials, I am
   working in parallel on *open* business models that are based around the
   machines, the knowledge about how to use them, and the products that they
   output. We are creating a business process network, that offers
   certification, and can pull together qualified people to earn a living from
   this technology, and also help fund the development
   - We are at this stage in need of micro-funding. Each product needs
   small microfunding, which we are hoping to collect in at least small bits,
   to move them through the development cycle phases, and to optimize the
   development to make the final product as low cost as possible. Marcin can
   make many of these products now, but the price can be brought down with an
   extremely small amount of money per product:
    graphic on that page
   shows projected amounts we would need to raise per cycle to optimize, which
   are very small. We hope that we can collect micro-donations from people to
   meet these bounties, which are only figured as needed parts/labor costs.
   Once some of these parts are designed and released as open source designs,
   we will not need funding for them at all in future development (like circuit
   boards, electric motor controls, etc)

@_date: 2008-01-05 09:50:13
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] so is there a new class? 
"Class" is a framing that comes from mass culture/large
corporate-industry-oriented views of the world.
By framing all emerging new behavior as a the "rise of a new class", this
puts the new behavior in a context that it can be potentially studied, and
ultimately co-opted and/or controlled to benefit systems and beneficiaries
of (what I calling) mass culture.
Think about how "class" is usually employed as a descriptor: "The working
class, the management class" etc
It's my opinion that one of the key, vital components of social systems that
afford healthy peer to peer activity is the widespread rejection of
"class"-systems of people, among people. A shift in the focus of fundamental
motivators, from a motivation in control of the perceivable world towards
materialistic gain, to a way of solving problems that is motivated by a
newfound realization of the nature and value of humans, living systems,
resources is free and un-controlled things, who must be listened to, to be
understood, and who are not just another "resource", but are actual people.
This is what David Korten is talking about with his idea of a "Great
Turning" from "Empire" to "Earth Community". It's what Clare W. Graves
talked about in explaining his research of human value systems, and the
pattern of fundamental assumptions of humans that he recognized being
centered around individual materialistic gain, and the subsequent
fundamental assumption that emerged that found people instead focusing on
person-to-person sharing, and commons-based economies. Graves observed that
the latter did not go about thinking about people in terms of "classes" so
much, and instead radically insisted that all people are "equal". Graves
then observed that a new type of individual emerged from *these* groups (at
least in the western world), who rejected the totally "equal" notion, and
did see differences in people, but the differences were in *thinking
systems*, the way that people solved problems, and not in people themselves.
This is a recognition that people's total "world" view is a combination of
internal dynamic neuronal systems, *and* external life conditions.  There is
(at least) a biological "scale", and a psycho-social "scale",and an
environment "scale" to be observed in total system of a human and it's
I think the usual notion of "class" strips away much of the complexity of
the human condition, and re-inforces the illusion in people's minds that
human conditions are highly "fixed". I'm interested in "p2p" ideas, because
I think they leverage the potentials that were already there in the total
human system (internal bio systems, and external environment) to explode
"classes" from within.
It's interesting to me that the building blocks now exist that allow many,
many people to defy being classified, and to avoid having to settle into a
socio-cultural "role"/strata. Yet, I observe that many people do it anyway.
Even people as young as 20 years old. Of course, it's due to the legacy of
mass culture, and it's design to reinforce those roles. But, if you talk to
many of those people, they will readily admit that they do not desire their
pre-assigned "role", but they accept or adopt it, because it is perceived as
being "needed" to survive in existing culture. So, not wanting to be part of
a "class" is one potential that I see, along with the conditions that make
it possible for a person to live in such a way as to defy easy
classification within existing systems. People who can now produce their own
mass media, people who can now collectively create and grow and fund the
collection of knowledge. People who can design and release technology as
part of a commons that they co-maintain. Those collections of people are
usually made up of people from many different traditional economic

@_date: 2008-01-06 10:56:06
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] so is there a new class? 
I agree that it exists still, as do many components of the legacy of earlier
eras. I also agree that people use the word "class" in more than one way. I
understand the paradigms of emancipatory tradition. I agree that there are
objective structural conditions in society. I agree it's possible to
"classify" them, based on many different ways of measuring, including
income, quality of life, etc. I tend to find some of the classification
systems we employ, both in general discourse, and in more academic circles,
limiting. Limiting to both our quest to understand the nature of humans, and
limiting to the people who come to accept their classification.
Yet, I also try to understand human nature, not just through the world view
of academic and philosophical viewpoints, but also equally through the
complex adaptive, bio-psycho-social-systems active in the majority of people
in the world, who are processing and acting from a viewpoint that is
generally not literate of the concepts that you describe.
So, I ask "why are there objective, structural conditions in society? Why do
some people end up in some 'class' in society? Why are some people reacting
against the notion of being part of a class?"
My argument is that quite a significant amount of people do not even know,
nor understand that they are adopting and adapting to external conditions by
solving problems in a "peer production" fashion. Instead, these people are
gravitating towards these ways of solving problems, because the pressure of
the conditions of the existing social paradigm is compelling them towards
There are many more dimensions to the emergence of "p2p" human phenomenon
than I've often seen or heard being discussed. These dynamics of shifts in
human nature have, at the same time, at least a biological, a psychological,
and a social/complex environmental component. Integral theory is useful, but
often unfortunately not understood. I think integral theory was successful
in accurately packaging multiple complexities, and emergent patterns into
useful shorthand terms before very many people outside of a small circle of
academics were able to understand and comprehend how it all is
I am starting to outline a "Literacy of Human Nature" here:
 that attempts to explore
how these dimensions and factors fit together.
Those different factors combine to affect the emergence of humans who solve
their problems of existence by carrying out activities in a "peer
production" fashion. I think that many of those very people actually intuit
the confining nature of being regarded as being part of a "class".  So, some
of them seek and find ways of solving existential problems in ways that seem
to them to obsolete the dominance of the "class" paradigm. Not abolish
"class", but to make it irrelevant and obsolete, and impotent in their own
lives, and the lives of those connected with them. A quaint, old-fashioned
notion, like the dusty old books about eugenics that you can find in the
basement archive of our local university library.
The need to frame and define an emerging new phenomenon as the "Rise of a
new class" is especially ironic to me, when the people under consideration
in the case of "p2p" phenomena appear to me to be rejecting "class", and
that rejection,  in my observation and estimation,  is one of their core
fundamental assumptions about how to solve their problems of existence. The
definition of people as part of a "class" is too limiting, even if it
originates in widely accepted academic roots. It confines the "view" too
narrowly, and even when employed from academic/critical/emancipatory
tradition, tends to confine understanding to a very few people.
My observation is that the need or desire to frame emerging human phenomenon
in terms of "class" is actually more often than not employed *because* of
it's confining properties. Because it reinforces the limited concepts it
refers to. Plus, it's a headline component that is guaranteed to grab some
readers :)
I also don't see Marx as the penultimate go-to filter through which to
understand p2p phenomena. I see Marx as one man who thought about this a
while ago, and articulated his thoughts very well. Yet, I see that many
people are able to intuit and act upon their conditions of existence, and
their existential problems in ways that I have never seen described by Marx,
nor very many other people. The best way that I have found to date
understand "why" these people are doing this, "what is in it for them?",
"who is doing what to whom, and why?" is to look at the bio-psycho-social
conditions of existence, and to think about how this human bio-psycho-social
system fits into larger complex systems. Looking at it this way immediately
reveals to me that this is *not* a "mass-culture" phenomenon. It is not the
rise of a "class" of people in society. Instead it is a simultaneous
localized emergence of ways of solving problems that is a reaction to the
breakdown, corrosion, and failure of existing mass culture social, economic,
political, and other infrastructure. Many of these failures and breakdowns
are rooted in the fundamental need to establish caste, class, and other
stratified barriers among people, so as to establish "one-up/one-down"
relationships with people, for the purposes of control of people and

@_date: 2008-01-06 11:20:44
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Good points, all.
My own experience drafting a page in wikipedia, and working on it over a few
years, is that Wikipedia does not have an objetcive system of qualification
for content.
A similar pattern is actually happening in the Drupal community, where there
is a kindof quasi-consensus rule over what direction different components
should take in development, with espoused rules of thumb that are not always
applied objectively.
It's my opinion that co-governance systems that can engage multiple
stakeholders more evenly  can help alleviate these issues. One model that
can be deployed quite successfully in communities like Wikipedia, and Drupal
development community, is  a
process to engage people in the co-construction of decision making, in a
systematic way.
This is an alternative to
 idea is to
incorporate insights, needs, and motivations into voting. To
synthesize existing community needs into action, by making a "yes" vote
contingent upon mutually satisfactory dynamic plans.
So, the decision to remove or keep content in wikipedia could be more
systematized in fashion such as this. It is my assertion that the quality of
content, and quality of contributions, and enthusiasm of contributors would
all increase, if people felt there was an equitable way to resolve disputes.

@_date: 2008-01-07 10:56:09
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] adds to the wiki 
One of the things that i think could also help is to create a "Q&A", either
with youself, or with someone else, that asks and answers questions in a
conversational manner. Example:
"Q: What is User ownership, exaclty?
A: "UserOwner " is an
treats profit as incremental
UserInvestment toward
so each
consumer slowly gains real property ownership as ControllingShares
ForProduct  business
whenever they pay
Q: Huh? "ForProduct? PriceAboveCost? What are those?
A: A "For Product" business is one in which the primary goal is Product. A
"For Product" business can scale through a legally binding
requires profit be treated as
UserInvestment .
PriceAboveCost  is
another way of talking about Profit.
In traditional Capitalism, an
payment of Price Above Cost is collected by the
? .
the central goal, with the product often becoming incidental and
eventually even a problem.
But a consumer's payment of price above cost is actually his plea for
growth. He is admitting he can't meet that objective any other way. He
doesn't own the
for that production.
Under a legally binding
SocialContract , a GNU
Society will treat
UserInvestment because
Price approaches Cost as (UserOwnership
?  of
PhysicalSources )
approaches FullyDistributed?
Q: Ok, so basically, when people by products from this type of business, if
they become shareholders, owners of part of the company, by paying more for
the product than the product cost to produce, right? Each time they pay
"price above cost" that extra amount is applied towards a share in the
company for that consumer/user/customer, right?
A: Yes! Exactly!
Q: So, what is the advantage to doing things this way?
Q: Won't this be difficult to govern? can average people be trusted to to
own the Physical sources of production?
Q How will this affect our existing economies?
Q: How does US, or other law currently apply to the User Owner arrangement?
Stuff like that...
It's proven that people learn and retain knowledge better through a
conversational tone (plus visualization/images).
I'd be happy to help you work on this, if you think it's useful.
Also, for actually applying this model, I think there are quite a few
existing opportunities I am connected with that would be good candidates to

@_date: 2008-01-08 12:32:00
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] adds to the wiki 
I guess we are also thinking about how to put this into
terms, too. This is something that I think I an help you with over time at
Open Business Models wiki hive, and we can then transfer the material to P2P
wiki, also, if you want...

@_date: 2008-01-09 10:58:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] pretty impressive info mgt tool 
It's an interesting concept, for sure. I was workignfor a while on a social
software project that included the creator of Grazr, and we were integrating
a custom version of Grazr as the main interface of the tool-suite.
One of the interesting things about tools like Grazr, is that although Garzr
themselves will eventually charge money for some parts of the service
 or sell it off etc, tools like Grazr can be
fairly easily developed by extending firefox
 and maybe Flock
There are actually quite a few tools and concepts I've seen people talking
about over the past year (like visualizing data, etc) that could go
client-side like this, and possibly work much better than server based tools
and code.

@_date: 2008-01-10 15:38:08
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Conflict and Complexity 
Hi Paul, Michel, others
Check it out:
I just made this for Adam Arvidsson, for a project he is working on in
Swede, to research emergent creativity in Malm?. *Until I figure out how to
get the map to zoom-adjust to markers, if you zoom in once ("+") on the map,
you'll see a marker, which corresponds to a node in Drupal*. So, you can
create a map location in Drupal, then use this Meta-map to display all of
the markers that each user has placed.
This does what you are looking for, if I'm not mistaken, and we could add to
 if you'd like?

@_date: 2008-01-11 09:41:43
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Conflict and Complexity 
Ok, a seperate site called p2pmappingproject.
I don't have the ability to create maps per continent. The code that I am
working with only creates one large map of the world, that starts out
centered on one set of LONG/LAT coordinates. I simply don't have the time to
change it right now, although sometime over the next year I might be able to
dedicate some time to trying to modify the code on this module.
But, it could still be very useful in it's current state. The way that it
works is that you use a tool that asks for an address, then creates a macro
that you paste into the body of the post in Drupal (you can also add notes
and info, and it's possible to create other fields per-entry if there is a
desire for other types of data, probably tags would also be useful). This
creates both individual posts for each entry, and a meta-map of the world
with markers.
All of that said, the flickr method is just as good, if you prefer flickr,
that's fine with me, too. I leave it up to you, Michel (and Paul, and
everyone else interested).

@_date: 2008-01-11 11:38:03
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Conflict and Complexity 
Interactive map is working now, I just can't create custom views of it
sectioned off into different continents.
Plus, if I do this later, someone would need to re-enter data again. So,
maybe flickr is a good home for it?

@_date: 2008-01-20 13:06:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Progress in P2P Fabrication 
To update some of you who expressed interest in this subject:
Right now I am working with Marci Jakubowski to create an online/offline
stakeholder development community around 16 key technologies:
HABITAT PACKAGE: CEB Press-
Sawmill  - Living
Housing Units-
Greenhouse Units-
Turbine CHP System-
AGRICULTURE PACKAGE: Modular
Greenhouse Units-
and Nursery - Electric
Garden Tractor-
Raised Bed Gardening-
Bakery -Dairy- Energy
Food Bars  -
Spader  - Well
Drilling Rig - Freeze
Dried Fruit Powders-
Mill  - ENERGY PACKAGE:
Solar Turbine CHP
Fuel Gas - Inverters
& Grid Intertie-
Alcohol  - FLEXIBLE
INDUSTRY PACKAGE: Multimachine & Flex
Casting and Extrusion-
Extrusion & Molding-
TRANSPORTATION: Open
Source Car  - Electric
Motor Controls-
MATERIALS: Aluminum
Extraction From
Bioplastics We are going to start a pilot project with the Compressed Earth Block
technology. This is a first prototype:
Over the next 6 months, we will seek out existing stakeholders, release
design information, and co-develop and co-fund the design, and an open
research and development center based in Missouri that will be open for
international community to visit, for students to attend and pursue
independent study, and for commercial end users, and contractors to buy both
finished products and machines and technology to make the CEB from.
Some of the technological and economic advantages of flexfab-produced CEB
CEB - Compresssed Earth Block
press- regarded
as the highest quality natural building method; also used in
upscale housing; does not require curing - so may be built continuously;
lends itself to 100% onsite building material sourcing; excellent thermal,
acoustic, and strength; aka structural masonry. Also usable in fences,
cisterns, road paving, Usable for ovens in a bakery, pond dams, thermal
storage cisterns, silos. Used for barns, dairy plant, bakery building,
additional housing, greenhouses, etc. I would go so far as that could be the
secret weapon of the entire operation. Other connections in diagram:
requires soil to be pulverized, which may be done with the agricultural
spader. May be used for building raised beds, modular building and
greenhouse units. High value flex fab enterprise opportunity for any
entrepreneur interested in fabrication of machine- huge profits are
possible, because other CEBs are expensive ($25k for one of 3-5 brick/minute
performance). Livelihood opportunity for independent builders. Requires as
little as 1 person to operate. OSE design is based on power from tractor
hydraulics - where the tractor is a general tool that can supply power to a
large number of devices. Output with 2 people - a 6 foot high round wall, 20
feet in diameter, 1 foot thick, can be built in one 8 hour day. Fabrication
is simple - after metal is cut - a drill press is required for drilling
holes for design-for-disassemblystructure.
Welding is required in a few places where bolting is not
practical, such as the hopper box. Summary: a high performance, rapid,
semi-skilled building technique, which lends itself as a building method for
creating advanced civilizations. Lifetime design.
We intend as project/movement/international community to try and compete
*directly* with both outsourced/imported and domestic contracting and
materials suppliers, first with flex fab-produced CEB, and then eventually
with all of the 16 technologies produced above.
If you are interested in this, I'll keep you informed, and we should be able
to open up this community sometime within the next 2 weeks. Eventually, I
will help Marcin move all of the wiki content over to this site, and there
are, and will be some dynamic tools available for group decision making,
group funding, and declaring relationships, etc.

@_date: 2008-01-21 00:44:17
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Progress in P2P Fabrication 
The co-funding funding mechanisms are something that I really hope to
enable, along with accompanying group evaluation, decision making, and
community building.
Eventually, we will also figure out a way to enable digital design revision
control, with a repository for these designs.
Marcin's immediate goal is to create a functioning research and development
center at his location, too. He's working out a large and complex proposal (
 , and I am trying to
help him simplify it for non-technical audiences here
Thought Marcin could use diverse feedback from others interested, if any of
you have time or inclination.

@_date: 2008-07-01 23:42:38
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] programming a direct democracy 
On Tue, Jul 1, 2008 at 8:46 PM, Henrik Ingo Participatory democracy systems need people who have the time and freedom to
participate, to self-educate, and to deliberate in fair and open forums.
(Not common qualities in most modern societies, some ideas about why
described here
Not only that, but these people also need to work together to
counter-balance any existing or emergent hegamonic/tyrannical power. These
can be recognized by their disrespect for self-rule processes, need for
control, and constitution of people who tend to hoard whatever gives them
that control.
Systems like Consensus Polling are attempts to apply both voting and
deliberation. It is timed, gives people a chance to voice what they want to
be part of the "plan" being voted on, then eventually carries out the vote.
There is no way that loud people can theoreticaly overpower, because
everyone still has a vote (although they can appeal to emotion and fear as
always and get people to vote based on that). This could actually dovetail
well with the vote-delegation system that you have devised.
Deliberation can be focused on drafts of plans (legislation, contracts), and
I think this can help people focus their discussions and debates.

@_date: 2008-07-07 10:32:15
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] idea contracts for p2p energy efficiency 
Franz, I read about video bridge a while back on meatball wiki. Where are
you at with this idea? I think I have some people that want to fund
something like this in the fall...

@_date: 2008-07-08 09:10:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] idea contracts for p2p energy efficiency 
I was under the impression that Idea markets is just "play" money at this
On Tue, Jul 8, 2008 at 8:20 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2008-07-17 13:47:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] learning curves 
Possible, but it will be a little bit before I can get to it.
On Thu, Jul 17, 2008 at 12:10 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2008-07-30 11:31:12
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open source life 
Heh, you won't believe this, but I was interviewed for that article by
Bernice Yeung (they did not use anything from me, it looks like)
Article turned out to be way different than what they said it was going to
be about.

@_date: 2008-06-03 10:28:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open source alternative to second life 
This was also the goal of my friend Reed's project To be both open source, and efficiently distributed in a p2p way.
see also

@_date: 2008-06-29 12:01:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A possible way to leverage ning, del.icio.us, 
Working with Marcin ( and folks like him who are
engaged in applications, research and development, etc., one thing that I
can see is that they have a lot of questions that they need help answering.
This got me to thinking that we, the P2P Foundation, have lots of people
with diverse expertise connected in a network, which is also connected to
other networks beyond our transparent sphere.
So, I am thinking that we as p2p foundation network could take existing
resources that we are already using, like ning network communication
channel, email list(s), blog, wikis, etc etc, and mash them up into a way
for people to ask questions to the network and find answers. Much like
Inquiry-based collaboration can really be effective, and it is something
that social media tools accomplish really well.
What I am proposing is that we can use Ning, combined with the blog, as a
conduit for people like Marcin to ask questions (like "what types of water
based machine hydraulic systems exist? What is the current state of
bio-based plastics?" etc, and that we can use an rss aggregation system to
track the way that people are answering them.
We also would do a little bit of work to educate people to ask these
questions within this network, but also pass on relevant questions/requests
to other networks.
The only overhead cost is the willingness of people to share what they know,
and the willingness of people to openly ask what they need to know into the
greater network. A lot of times it is the latter cost that is the biggest
obstacle. People sometimes don't want to ask questions on a wider basis,
because they don't want to come across as seeming somehow ignorant. But,
this is probably one of the easiest "appliction" -type of areas that
p2pfoundation could grow into. Leveraging collective intelligence and
networks. Not that we don't already do this, but basically I am proposing
that we could close a few gaps and grease the wheels a bit, using existing
tools and communication channels.
I'd be willing to put some work into creating a tracking system, if people
are interested in this. First, it would be nice to know if people are
interested in this? The idea would be to pick a place or places where people
ask questions, let them answer those questions in many different places
(like email lists, del.icio.us, wikis with certain tags or categories on
pages, etc) and aggregate that in one place.

@_date: 2008-06-29 13:20:20
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the end of theory-driven science? 
It's worth mentioning that their is no science without theory. The human
mind is wired for creating theories. That is why there is a neural network
built into our brain/mind system. It was self-built to consider the
That being said, what Kevin Kelly describes is a lot like Stephen Wolfram's
"A New Kind of Science". Not exactly the same, but closely related.
In both cases: a *search* based science. Not that science didn't already
have "search". But now you can start to create billions of possible
combinations of simulations and then search through them. So it is
simulation/search based.
This is what I was propsing in our discussion about circuit design:
Evolutionary/simulation/search-based research
You can compress thousands, or even millions of years or human trial and
error into this type of research. Plus, you walk away with billions of
potential variations on your design, and ready ways and building blocks to
adapt and change your design, and data about how different variations work
under different conditions. You have a design DNA.
Right now, I use databases like google as a kind of bionic brain extension.
So, I say bring on the new databases, the computer clusters, the algorithms.
As long as we all have equal access to them.
The question for me is: what comes after search? When knowledge bases reach
the exabyte level, or higher, and there are algorithms searching/crunching
through them and finding patterns, relationships, testing all of the
possible combinations, etc, how do handle and process what the machines are
outputting?  How do we avoid becoming a cybernetic society?
An even more fundamental question is: what can you create with all of this
data, and/or with the systems that are used to collect and analyze it? How
can it be used as a medium for expression? What are the new ways to "see"
and "feel" the data?  How can the data systems be grounded as an ecology
that is self-balancing, so that it doesn't overrun our existence like a form
of digital toxic pollution, and cause ill effects on living systems, like
people being ruled by algorithmic output that is too much in one direction?
Another consideration: When we see that entities like google are the only
ones that can wield and harness resources like those that process and hold
petabyte databases, then we still have the potential for a power imbalance,
where those who can hold and process the most data are the "wealthiest" in
terms of capability, adaptability, access to knowledge.
I wonder how many people realize that existing technology possesses the
building blocks to allow p2p networks to exceed the capability of any one
entity like Google, etc?
I can see the possibilty of something simple, and elegant on a basic scale,
that can scale-up easily, that provides a social utility for anyone who
accesses it, using the combined resources of millions, or possibly even of
people for storage and processing, that cannot be controlled for any
specific exclusive purpose by any one person, and that could be controlled
democratically by people opting out of participation should they not like
the direction things are going in. We could have this today, and some people
have already done it on a limited basis with things like SETI at Home, etc.
What we need is more evolution in this area, more ways to use swarm
super-computers, ways that are accessible by many people. A way to turn
swarm super computers into an open social utility. This would is not out of
our reach right now. We don't have to wait until networks are totally
decentralized to build this into our social systems. We all have computers
and operating systems, free cpu cycles, internet connections with extra
bandwidth, and likely ideas about what we could do with those resources.
There are already clients like  and systems like
 or even  as building
block upon which to improve.  could even work if
enough people participated.
The point is, a p2p social computing/data utility could exist today even
with just BOINC and bittorrent. I am now in discussion with communities,
like  about how they could apply
evolutionary computing, simulation, datamining, and other modelling and
search to local food systems. (see
A BOINC/bittorrent system could be used with applictions like
   and countless
other open source simulation systems, not to mention datamining, GIS
analysis, etc This can give local communities access to pwoerful research
and development facilities. It could also be used to render and crunch
numbers on design/ FEA (finite element analysis) etc.
The question is, why isn't this already happening? Probably primarily
because we get a minimum of what we need from free/ad-based systems like
Google. But we could have a lot more, even right now. There is a huge amount
of inherent wealth and untapped commons available right now.
On Sun, Jun 29, 2008 at 7:17 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2008-06-30 00:53:44
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the end of theory-driven science? 
BOINC is an open source,  usable way to create massive parallel
supercomputers. BOINC is an evolution of the software that was created to
process SETI at home
BOINC is now used by quite a few different projects to use volunteer spare
computing time to  solve different problems, from studying malaria data, to
predicting climate change, to exploring nanotechnology
 is a good overviewof
concepts. Howard talks about "Computation nations and swarm supercomputers"
in smartmobs, too.
For people like Marcin, Appropedia, Ohio Local Food Systems Collaborative,
or anyone who is tasked with supoorting their own research and development,
volunteer grid computing can be a powerful resource. it can give people the
power to employ search through huge volumes of data in a small amount of
time, for a low cost. A person could write some evaluation programs or data
models, and send data to BOINC clients that users run like screen savers.
see The BOINC project provides both clients and servers under an open source
So, let's say that you wanted to run very complex datamining models on sound
data that comes from microphones placed in the outdoors around Europe.
Perhaps you have developed an idea to create a baseline way to measure a
healthy ecosystem based on the sound in the environment. BOINC would let you
split up all of that data into chunks and analyze it for just certain sound
signatures. Crunching all of this data might otherwise be too large for any
average computing system to take on in a reasonable amount of time. Even
more, software liek BOINC makes powerful supercomputing available to many
people. It makes massive search available, as described by Kevin Kelly.
On Mon, Jun 30, 2008 at 12:08 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2008-03-06 16:35:43
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
While I think I can agree with the logic in your criticism, the reality is
that we will persist in being in a world in which some people will see
'profit' as a goal. We will not be able to stop them from seeing things this
way, for reasons I describe in
So, solutions that we seek have to be able to work with multiple
world-views, not just one. This means we have to actually tolerate and work
with people who are focused on 'profit'.
How can we do this?
*By making conditions in which it is more profitable for them to also focus
on social equity, and evironment.*
We do this by obsoleting the existing models, and  making ours work better,
and thus more appealing to everyone, regardless of what their goals are. We
want to incorporate what is appealing to all recognizeable world views.
Here is the secret, you will *not* have to change anything about User-Owner,
at least not right away. All you really have to do is "tune your transmitter
to their receiveer", and explain in terms that they can understand why
people who are focused on 'profit' should adopt your model, and how it will
increase their 'profit'. If it won't, then it can. Some people are also
focused on "control" while simultaneously focused on "profit", and there may
be nothing that you can do to win them over. All you can do for those people
is obsolete their existing models. Make your model outperform theirs for all
of the people involved in the "Value Chain".
We are actually on the way to doing that with User Owner. Because, for
people who are focused on 'profit', but not on 'control', your model can
give them as individuals, a new way towards 'profit'.  Possibly faster and
more efficiaently than existing ways. This is actually a huge amount of
people in the US, and world right now, that are focused on 'profit', but are
not focused on 'control' (or controlling people so as to funnel power/money
towards yourself). Right now, to pursue 'profit', those people are usually
stuck in servitude to people who are also motivated by 'control'. But, if
they had an alternative....
What about people who are motivated by social equity? People who are
motivated by doing what they want, but not at the expense of others? People
who are sacrificing there "self" now, for a future reward (even those who
religiously believe they will receive that reward in an  "afterlife"?) How
can your model be described to them, to show them how to futher their work
towards their existing goals?
Why would you want to explain it to them in their terms? Because only some
of them will be ready to change in the way that your existing descriptions
suggest. For the rest, your model/solution will be adopted if there is a way
for humans with many different value systems to engage and use it within
their world views.
Don't try to change humans towards the solutions. Change solutions towards

@_date: 2008-03-06 17:30:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
If you were replying to me, I have this actual society in mind, that we are
in right now...

@_date: 2008-03-06 17:38:56
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
Actually, I am working with others in *practice* to change this society,
guiding vision in part to co-create with others new models that obsolete
existing models...

@_date: 2008-03-06 17:49:25
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
In a nutshell: A way for people to solve their perceived problems of
existence, that gives them more direct control and power over themselves,
that gives real alternatives to existing government and mega corporation
infrastructure. A  way that allows people to freely pursue their own chosen
ways of life, but finds them choosing to solve problems in ways that are not
destructive to others, *because* these are the best, most efficient, and
even eventually easiest way to solve their perceived problems of existence.
This is definitely what I believe myself, Marcin, Patrick, and others are
creating, right now.
There is no one answer, no one system, and there is no guarantee, because we
exist, right now, in a complex adaptive system. We cannot control it. We can
only learn to adapt the way that it adapts.

@_date: 2008-03-06 18:03:54
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
This is why I think Lovins's work, Natural Capitalism, is valuable.
Because it works towards creating a choice that people operating from many
different world views could be likely to take.
We are all stuck in a system that is focused on 'profit', and we will beyond
the shadow of a doubt be stuck with people who are focused on 'profit' at
least for the rest of all of our lives.
So, what can we do to make appropriate technologies very profitable, while
still being copylefted and open-sourced? We cannot compete within the same
market systems, because those market systems work around lowest-cost-only.
People are focused by marketing into concentrating on lowest cost. But for
hexayurt, we could help you compete, not because you have the lowest price,
but because you have connection to the communities of people who use your
product. Or, you find and connect with those people. You can then add huge
amounts of value simply by listening to those people, and what they want,
and figuring out ways to give it to them, maybe in collaboration with us
(open source ecology)? What could people do with hexayurt, and you, and us,
that could actually help them build wealth? Instead of getting lowest cost
from people who copied your design in China, and built it with peopel making
slave wages, maybe you offer:
   - a slightly higher cost, but considerably more equitable production
   - ability work closely with other related solution providers to bring
   not just shelter, but other needed disaster relief
   - support for sustainable food production, industry production, energy
   production add ons to hexayurt
I don't really know your market, so these are just stabs in the dark. But,
if I had time to talk to the actual people who would use your solutions, and
everyone in the chain, I could find these opportunties, I think. This is
stuff that Douglas Rushkoff talks about in "Get back in the box" but I think
it applies well to open design technologies

@_date: 2008-03-06 18:07:57
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
I can respect your perspective. I have a bias towards complex systems
theory, and so tend to frame many things along those lines. Also have a bias
towards bio-psycho-social systems theory.
But, like you, I am very, very focused on application of theory, not just
theory itself. I apply theory in business, and in cooperative, and
collaborative activity.
Would be cool to talk to you sometime via skype or phone, maybe come to a
betetr mutual understanding, and see if we can help each other.

@_date: 2008-03-06 18:14:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
Vinay, replies below
But there can be contracts between people. A promise.
The problem we would need to solve would be, how to stop everyone from
killing each other? Everyone would have to *voluntarily agree* to co-manage
resources as a commons!!!!  Hwo can we get them to do this? Some will
realize the consequences: destruction of the earth. Some will not. Those who
realize consequences are compelled to work to convince (not through force)
to get those who do not or cannot realize, to voluntarily adopt new ways of
solving problems. So, those new ways *have* to be better at the existing
ways in solving problems these non-realizers care about! :-)

@_date: 2008-03-06 18:37:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
Yes, what I am talking about is voluntary cooperation only. Everyone has a
We co-discuss, and then voluntarily comply with our own rules. But, what if
you absolutely refuse to cooperate, and cannot convince others to do thing
syour way?

@_date: 2008-03-06 18:56:09
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
USA/EST, also see you use Skype and Gizmo, so I can find you on either of

@_date: 2008-03-06 19:40:09
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
Also, in the situation mentioned below, in economies based on voluntary
cooperation around common pool resources (a "commons"), you also can
excercise your  different
than Right to leave, but another option...
Point being at no time is anyone forced to do anything in situations of
voluntary cooperation around mutually recognized common pool resources.
This is also my answer to Ned Rossiter's question: "what makes you think I
want to work with you?"
Nothing makes me think you want to work with me. You'll tell me if you want
to work with me. In the mean time, I'll tell others how I think I can work
with them, and if you like that, and if I like you, you might just work with
me, if we both decide that you should. :-)

@_date: 2008-03-07 10:04:34
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
Yunus's and Chris Cook's models are exactly what I am doing now, and have
been doing for close to 3 years
I call it voluntary business cooperation around a commons. My business is
based almost totally around common pool resources, open source software,
open knowledge use and production, and value network partnerships. Everyone
is self employed, no one is an employee of me. Agreements are made about how
to share profit, how to sustain the common pool resources we draw from. This
is in the binding contracts.
So, Social Enterprise if great for smaller individuals.
I think Natural Capitalism comes into play as a viable option for long
established mega-businesses, like GM, Ford, Dow Chemical, Proctor and Gamble
etc etc
I can tell you that these businesses need way to transition away from
hardcore industrial hierarchical industrial solutions, and the ideas in
Natural Capitalism are part of that. These huge businesses are *not* going
to radically change in the ways suggested by the work Yunus and others are
doing. This will be a type of change they are NOT ready for. But, they will
be ready for what Adam Arvidsson is describing as the "Ethical Economy".
 Frameworks like Natural Capitalism will help bug business in particular
transition into being able to support emerging Social Enterprise in the
"Ethical Economy".  If we do not help big business change in ways they are
ready to change into, they will either "circle the wagons" and stay where
they are, or they will "regress", and fight against the change. So, it makes
the most sense to give evolutionary and progressive pathways for big
business to change, and that is what Natural Capitalism does.
For people like me, down here in the muck, Social Enterprise is a more
realistic pathway to change. Teaming up with others like me, and voluntarily
pooling resources, working through collaboration, cooperation.

@_date: 2008-03-08 18:47:15
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
Replies below:
On Sat, Mar 8, 2008 at 5:25 PM, Kevin Carson <
Agreed Kevin. It would be awesome to see more activism on the
legislative/legal side of this. I will always support people who are in
movements to change government focus, legal policy, etc. I agree it is
needed to leverage counter-institution creation, to see fundamental change.
Most of the counter-institutions are already coming extremely close to
colliding with policy, especially in the US. So, even counter or alternative
instution creators such as myself will find ourselves in social policy
activist roles as we make progress.
I think that creating counter-insutitions for civic action will help here.
Helping people find better ways to organize, better info about their
locations. Community created public plased-based databases, local collective
action groups that can lobby both governments and corporations effectively.
The building blocks to do this exist, but it's a power which must be grown
and wielded carefully, with major effort to give literacy to those everyone
who employs it's workings. Things can fall apart quickly, as we've seen
historically with some examples from Indymedia, and other grassroots
political movements.
Many of them focused on one value system over others, and that is often to
their detriment, and sometimes their undoing.

@_date: 2008-03-14 13:25:19
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Paying Investors With Product Solves the Paradox 
As you already know, I don't argue with your basic logic.
I personally am only saying that I think the motivation, the "filter"
through which people are processing reality, is **THE** reason why everyone
in the world has not already adopted the most efficient, and logically best
economic models and systems.
What you propose is really a "commons", and Robert Axelrod (
 already figured out several decades ago
with his agent based modeling experiments that the only way that autonomous
agents will "win" the game of the "tragedy of the commons" is if they
"understand" or know the rules of the "game" they are playing (understand
that they are using a depletable commons, and autonomously work towards not
depleting it)
So, we live in a world where some people cannot understand the "game" they
are "playing". They thing they are "playing" a different "game" than
"tragedy of the commons". And, we won't be able to get them to see reality
any time in our lifetime.
So, how do we create something that resonates with their ways of solving
problems, and still tips the balance towards maintaining the commons of
planet earth?
In the case of User owner, I think it will resonate with some people as it
is. But, for those who it does not resonate with, "commons" must be reframed
into motives that will resonate with them enough to get them to participate,
but not enough to allow those motives to overtake and deplete. If we work
within existing systems, it will become more apparentas to how this is
possible. If we create a real world pilot project, that is. If we *try* the
So, I will commit to figuring out a way to *try* your idea. Will anyone else
reading this also commit? If not, not a problem, we can still try it. We
only need at minimum 2 people, and I assume that you would be one of those
people, Patrick.
On Fri, Mar 14, 2008 at 1:07 PM, Patrick Anderson

@_date: 2008-03-14 17:02:03
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Paying Investors With Product Solves the Paradox 
On Fri, Mar 14, 2008 at 4:38 PM, Patrick Anderson Strapped for time, but will return to do just that
I think that this is a commons among owners, a governance commons. It can be
co-managed using the same basic rules as a natural resource commons. People
just need to know
Looks like a good example plan. Maybe we could make some form of pilot
project, and test by way of a community currency we create?
Personally, I think you are on the right track. Instead of criticism, I just
want to test it in the real world, preferably applied to a problem real
people actually care about solving, a "trial by fire". Except that the dead
carcass can be resurrected from the ashes and evolved, and we can not be
burned in the process, because we'll test it without taxing too much from

@_date: 2008-03-20 10:40:50
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wikiworld 
Congratulations Tere and co.!
Thanks for the pdf.
Being here, deep among the unmoved movers, I'll see what insights I can gain
from your work as we try to introduce collaboration and "commons" based
approaches to people who struggle to regain cultural knowledge they lost
generations ago.
One project in particular that holds promise is
 where we are helping people
learn to use participatory media to build competing infrastructure based
around local foods, local agriculture. The only way for them to do it is to
collaborate as stakeholders, and participants in the chain from producer to
user/consumer. Just a little bit of participatory media has helped, by way
of opening up channels of communication. We've barely used it to it's
In this geographic region, a lot of people don't see what they are doing as
"socialism", but rather as mutual, voluntary cooperation, and collaboration.

@_date: 2008-05-14 17:41:36
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Of possible interest? 
I always thought that references were mostly for areas where you are making
claims, like:
"More people are recycling now than in the past" (reference)
Or, when you invoke jargon, or field-specific concepts, so that the reader
might obtain some background. Like if I refer to "agent based modeling",
what the heck do I mean by that? How about "value metrics"? "futures
studies"? etc Giving people references gives them a place where they can
trace the origin of the concept back to (or at least where you got it from).
Also, references can come into play when you are trying to argue or debate
your key points. People can understand the context that you are using a
concept in. Like, if I refer to "the commons" and give a reference to Elinor
Ostrum, then people can know that my conceptualization is different than,
for instance, communist political ideology contexts where a "commons" is
referred to. That in the case of Elinor Ostrum, "the commons" is seen as a
specific, identifiable socio-economic concept. (reference:
Stuff like that...
On Wed, May 14, 2008 at 5:09 PM, Henrik Ingo

@_date: 2008-05-16 16:19:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Future of making request 
People can learn to collaborate in complex ways, but they have to be part of
the "process" in an ongoing fashion, and it doesn't scale up to levels that
people are used to from mass-consumption/mass-production systems that are
one-way (mostly).
Although, stigmergic collaboration *is* possible, but is most useful for
things like sharing data, sharing knowledge, and anything really, that does
not require ongoing discourse or social negotiation.
However the actual collaboration required for managing most production will
require social negotiation and discourse. It will require collaborators to
be involved in  "due dilligence", decision making, coordination, discussion
with people outside of the collaborative, etc
Yet, at the same time, one can think of *parts* of "production" that can be
engaged stigmergically. Imagine, for instance, if I design a solar
collector, and release the design under an open license, and make the files
available for you to download. Maybe I declare that you would need to be on
my "team" to see changes to my solar collector design make their way into
the design that I "support". But, let's say you download, change the design,
upload your changes to your own server, under the same copyleft license. I
look at your design, like what I see, and merge in the changes anyway,
without ever talking to you (though I do give you credit).
What about businesses? I think a step that people are ready for right now is
to become *organized* "consumers", who base their decisions on ethics. To
collectively bargain, and put conditions on what is purchased based on their
own ethics (safe for the environment? socially equitable? etc) Their
information can flow through a "follow/follow" set of channels, which
actually helps to strengthen the validity of the information. These groups
can and should release their data about what they endorse and do not endorse
This same framework could also be engaged by "prosumers". This is already
somewhat of a picture of what is emerging right now, except that practically
everyone participating is usually also beholden to ongoing debt governments,
and debt to corporations, which at least partially locks people into
existing social and economic systems.
The question for me is not how people might theoretically participate in a
theoretical economic system. Question for me is: what is the best way to
begin retrofitting existing systems, to allow people to self-produce those
basic subsistence things that they must buy or procure from others, until
the majority of basic subsistence problems are solved in a "decentralized"
way. Once you solve the problems of basic subsistence for people in a way
that does not leave them chained to debt to companies and governments, then
they will be ready to change in ways that have them focusing on more
advanced social issues.
So, to me, it is health, food production, shelter, personal safety, access
to developing knowledge, ability to self produce energy on the individual
level, to fabricate technology, to simulate and test, to freely offer
products and services, to self-govern, that are the most important for any
human, anywhere on the face of the earth. Because, in fact, societies can
collapse, so it is not, and increasingly will not always be just a problem
of the so-called "developing nations". We'll have the potential for unjust
economic and social conditions as long as people remain "jacked-in" to
systems that are rooted in scarcity and centralized control.
On Fri, May 16, 2008 at 2:14 PM, Patrick Anderson

@_date: 2008-05-30 14:03:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] higher transportation costs can reverse 
Globalization was never a self-sustaining system to begin with.
Globalization began in part precisely (after WWII) precisely because local
systems were too efficient for market mass producers. They needed
governments to go "open up new markets" for them. But then the people on the
receiving end started wanting something in return, so the governments also
quietly but steadily started to look the other way while market mass
producers made war on those local systems, to drive out local competition,
and get their deal-cutting global networks in place as an only choice
This was always heavily subsidized by the largest and wealthiest
governments. This is why apples from New Zealand are cheaper at my local
grocery store than Michigan apples from 10 miles away!! I pay the remainder
of the cost of New Zealand apples in the 1/3 of my earnings that go towards
federal taxes. So, the Michigan apple was actually always cheaper in the
first place.
Since we can't keep those subsidies up for ever, like oil and fuel and
shipping lane subsidies, we'll be returning to local food systems, which
will in part DEFINE this new century we are in. A shift from the
unsustainable to the sustainable, for human and earth-system survival.
However, we don't all ride off happily into the sunset, unfortunately. All
of those mass market producers, sitting on top of piles of money, are going
to quickly catch whiff of the change. They are going to try to co-opt it. To
make it look like they are also doing this local thing. But what they really
will be doing is trying to do is go around and buy out and control these
emerging local food systems.
Indeed, this could be the next financial "bubble" that we experience (at
least in the US, anyway). With wild speculation based around green tech,
local food systems, sustainable products and services, fueled optimism by
enthusiasm based around change in government (namely when Obama is elected
This is why people who are working to create local food system
infrastructure need to be careful to make them a self-sustaining, community,
collaborative, peer-governed system. They also need to be more agile, more
adaptable than behemoth companies are. The people that make them up need to
realize that they can do business with large companies, but that they should
not put themselves in a position of relying on large companies, nor
governments, for their existence. They will emerge on the other side of the
"bubble" burst in a few years, as the entities that possess actual value
once all of the ponzi and get rich quick schemes fall apart.
On Fri, May 30, 2008 at 11:56 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2008-05-30 14:35:23
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] higher transportation costs can reverse 
On Fri, May 30, 2008 at 2:27 PM, Patrick Anderson If you are greedy, and want to control everything, then it's not good to
have a gaggle of local people, that everyone locally knows and loves, and
that cater to local needs and offer a superior product, and who can
out-compete you. So, if you are giant corporation that wants to control
everything, it is in your interests to find both areas where this gaggle of
great local people does not yet exist (like non-industrialized countries in
the 1940's and 1950's and onward). It is also in your interest to start
working on eroding and undermining that gaggle of locals. A nice big Wal
Mart or Lowes home improvement megastore slapped down rigth in the middle of
evrything, or a series of local farm buyouts might do the trick for
Depends on who the loan islander is.... ;-)
Lying, and appealing to base emotions, coupled with whatever mode of
production you'd care to choose, seems to have trumped modes of production
that were simply efficient for a while now.

@_date: 2008-05-30 16:15:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] higher transportation costs can reverse 
Your arguments are logically sound (IMHO).
But, as I've ranted previously, we live in a world where many people will
not make the choices that would be necessary to see the human ecology you
describe work.
The only way to make what you describe really, really work for me right now
is to chuck it all, and move myself somewhere  where I can make all of the
rules, and where practically everyone else involved agrees to follow the
system you describe.
While it may be possible, it is not a choice that I plan on making.
So, that leaves us with the reality that many people are not willing to
share in the way you describe. Many people are not willing to sell at cost.
Many people are capitalists, and they are not ready to change from being
capitalists, and we all need to deal directly with them.
One more reply follows....
On Fri, May 30, 2008 at 3:22 PM, Patrick Anderson When I said it would be a problem, I meant that the efficiency of local
systems would once again be a problem for existing traditional corporate and
government infrastructure. I didn't mean that pure profit driven motives
need to also be the primary focus of self-governing local food systems. In
fact, I am saying that they cannot. I am saying that local food systems need
to position themselves to have higher priorities than financial gain and
****I am not saying, however, that local food systems absolutely must adhere
to some ideal that flatly distributes all ownership of everything, and only
sells at cost, period.  Why? Because no one will do it!!!!****  Most of the
people I am connected with do not and will not have the luxury to become
completely self sufficient in the way you suggest any time soon. They are
still too dependent on existing systems and infrastructure. So, my change
strategies are designed to work with existing interfaces and infrastrucures,
because I want to see the changes actually happen. Also, because, I honestly
believe that for Human Species survival, we need to start change processes
within existing systems, and that we can't do a ghost dance and 'roll up the
world'. (
Because, the only way it works is if virtually everyone in the world does
the 'dance'.

@_date: 2008-05-30 20:37:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] higher transportation costs can reverse 
============================== START ==============================
I think you are right on with the germ-form idea.  I think that if you can
couple consumer ownership with consumer education, consumer responsibility,
and consumer civic participation in the systems they control, consumer
literacy of foresight, and consumer literacy in commons co-governance, and
the complex systems that their business venture will be a part of, *then*
you'll really have something that will work. I think it's doable. But, I
think that consumer owned systems will need the infrastructure I mention
above. It doesn't have to be a license, but some form of certification
should exist as part of the bylways of such a company. That people have the
basic knowledge about how to guide it together responsibly.
Consumer owned also opens up the possibility that if walmart wants to
control your company, they can just simply buy up all of your products. If
you challenge them in court, they will probably win unless you make some
kind of really solid exceptional provision for this.
On Fri, May 30, 2008 at 5:06 PM, Patrick Anderson

@_date: 2008-10-03 11:22:04
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
Vinay, I liked your writing
One excerpt from it:
"There is one proviso: according to Amory Lovins of the Rocky Mountain
Institute  individual developing-world consumers will only
leapfrog to technologies which are already deployed by the rich. Everybody
wants an "American Toilet" not a urine-separating or composting one.
Consumer preference is "do as the rich do" and there's not much we can do
about it, even if we know that "the rich" are doing it in a poor, expensive,
messy way. Other solutions may be ecologically better, but poor consumers
are usually no more ecologically motivated than rich ones are, and often
less. That's damned inconvenient, but may not constrain institutional
investment quite so much. Individuals may want the loud flush and the
gleaming porcelain for their own house, but most people do not care how
their school is lit or cooled"
 The way that I read the above through my biases, that are based
on thinking about things through Bio-Psycho-Social theories, is that core
problem is how people define in their mind what "wealthy" actually is. And,
how that peception is re-inforced by whatever mass media trickles to these
What if they had  rich and engaging mediums that showed them a different
kind of wealth? One that is based more on their core values, and less on
those of the industrial world. That shows what is possible and available for
them, and also shows them the darker sides of what we have in the industrial
world, where following that path would likely lead them. The point I make
here is that it is possible to reframe what "wealth" and "luxury" is for
I see their (developing world)  perception is something like a toxic waste
byproduct of mass media and commercialization need to entice and entice
people here to spend more and more. This toxic waste posions the perceptions
in people's minds of what a "good" life is. Because, most of these ads, tv
shows, etc are designed to appeal to base emotions and influence people in
that way, a "commercial" psychology. You can either teach people to decipher
these messages and understand what they really mean, or you can create a
competing message (which is what David Korten proposes to do, BTW)

@_date: 2008-10-03 11:49:43
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
I helped him make On Fri, Oct 3, 2008 at 11:35 AM, Josef Davies-Coates <

@_date: 2008-10-03 12:05:42
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
We can also encourage media literacy...
 if we are going to use the
technologies of communication mediums, we want to understand them, to be
"literate" with them
Well, except that everyone is not working on the toilet. :-)
Nor do I. It is impossible. The only "directed" change that works is
regression (like fear, etc). What I am talking about is literacy, and
broadening perspectives.
I think that you are right that this is a huge part of the battle. But
technology alone will not do it. If people believe that materialistic gain
is the ultimate way to solve problems, then new technology will just be
reframed by them into that world view. Yet, you cannot start making people
believe, or understand a world view that is different than their existing
world view. They will only do it if they are *ready* to do it. Prior to
being genuinely ready, they will do what they are already doing.
This comes from the work of  and work of TS Kuhn
However, I actually agree with you wholeheartedly that if you create
technologies that let people solve old problems in new and better and more
rational ways (like a composting toilet) you are going a long way towards
helping create the conditions where people will be "ready" for a real change
in world views. But I think this is not quite enough. For instance, people
also need ways of communicating, creating shared meaning,  collective
decision making, and other parts of their total human systems improved. Not
just the technologies they use for basic subsistence living (although
definitely fundamentally including the technologies for basic subsistence
living. For, without solving the basic subsistence level problems of
existence, we can't hope to leave people the cognitive space to work with
the more complicated ones).

@_date: 2008-10-03 12:39:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
Actually, the more I think about it Vinay, the more I realize I don't really
have an opposing argument to what you are fundamentally saying at all,
because I see what you are doing as absolutely essential to helping bring
about positive, healthy human systems evolution. I just wnt to add some
stuff onto what you are doing, I think...

@_date: 2008-10-03 12:42:03
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
This is awesome. Exactly what I was talking about. Sad thing is that many
people right here in US need this too.

@_date: 2008-10-05 09:24:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More efficient (P2P?) usage of email 
I love this problem...
Because I actually hate doing this stuff in email. I hate having text based
discussions in email.  Even when everyone perfectly trims their posts.
People had asynch text-based discussions in email this way 17 years ago
because it was the only way to do it. But, now there are much better ways.
Howard Rheingold makes a good case for why he thinks there are limits to
email, and how he has been able to solve these problems here
Howard has presided over real living online discussions among thousands that
have been going on for over ten years, first on the Well, then moved to here
around 10 years ago  <- the best online
discussions asynch text-based I have ever participated in since first
accessing he internet.
And, wikis have over a decade's worth of proof that more valuable shared
meaning can derive from pursing discussion in
 where affordances can allow
for discussion to happen in a threaded way, but then be refactored into a
document that captures the best insights from those involved. This is the
*best* way to come to a shared understanding with others, in asynchronous
text based discussion. To co-define what you mean about what you are talking
about. This is why email discussions always devolved into pissing contests
and eventually  rears it's head. I
challenge  you to find examples of this happening in discussions that follow
"wiki way" principles  such as
Soft Security, etc.
results such as action beyond discussion, come out of the above, vs
discussion in email among groups of people.
So, trim your posts. But also maybe think about moving asynch text based
discussion out of email if you ever want to do anything beyond point/counter
point discussion (or in the case of forums software, if you at least want to
use something more efficient, and get a few hours back of your limited time
on the earth)

@_date: 2008-10-05 13:10:07
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More efficient (P2P?) usage of email 
No please continue in email. I just have to get that off of my chest,
because this is pretty much the only circle I am involved in that still does
so much (discussion) via email...

@_date: 2008-10-05 14:24:45
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More efficient (P2P?) usage of email 
I have been trimming, at least recently so far as I know.
I took Steve out of the cc list
Why should I turn off HTML? Why will you not instead **please** turn it on?
I mean I could easily switch to an email client that does not use html, and
even using gmail, I could have email forwarded to this client, and have
email sent out as plain text to certain people, etc
In fact, I used to do this circa 1998-maybe around 2000
But, you are literally the first person to complain to me about html email
being a problem in about 4-5 years.
So, I am here to tell you that the "Nettiquette" of me needing to manually
or otherwise make sure that you receive plain text emails from me is really
no longer an issue. You are in the minority, and you can easily use programs
on your end to convert my emails to plain text. Most of the people that I
exchange email with now do not have any issue with receiving html email, and
that includes those who do not use services gmail yahoo, etc
This is not a flame war. This is me telling you that this is a non-issue
Trimming of emails for readability an issue?: yes, maybe (although most of
the people you are talking to are reading their email in a system that
AUTOMATICALLY RECGONIZES THE THREAD AND THIS IS WHY THEY ARE NOT TRIMMING IT
AS MACHINES ARE NOW DOING IT FOR THEM :-O
HTML email an issue?: Hell no. It is 2008 my friends.

@_date: 2008-10-05 15:07:56
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More efficient (P2P?) usage of email 
Actually, what I suggest is to *move* some discussions from email, to wiki
Or, to carry on *ongoing* discussions in forums.
Just to set the record straight about what I am actually talking about.

@_date: 2008-10-06 09:58:44
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] does green capitalism manufacture artificial 
I can buy that Enron took advantage of a situation, but I also agree with
Vinay that it seems pretty absurd that Lovins was in on some kind of deal to
help Enron cash in on it.
It could very well be, from the National Resources Defence Council
perspective, that they were able to lobby California to reduce the burning
of coal and oil mostly out of concern of pollution and greenhouse gas
emissions curtailment, and that folks liek Lovins are also simultaneously
active in ramping up solar, wind, etc to cushion the demand. I don't think
Lovins and Enron were working together, but that Enron took advantage of the
situation, probably. If Enron had not been in the picture, there probably
never would have been blackouts, etc I think it is more likely that Enron
tried to mask their scarcity-creating reductions behind these environmental
reductions that they already knew were happening, to scam people, and make

@_date: 2008-10-06 17:00:04
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] thinking about leapfrogging 
Most people I know who are p2p advocates (including me) get around
You are right Josef. It is better to explore what is plausibly possible in
new ways, than to sit around and think that you already know that something
new and undone is impossible, because it would have been impossible the way
that *you* did it (not you Josef, but others who are guilty of this kind of
Plus, if you 9as innovator, designer, researcher, etc) have completely
different needs for the design than an industrial need, then you can work
within those limits, instead of taking the assumptions of someone else, no
matter what they think their expertise might be.
They (the naysaying people) will try very hard to convince you otherwise,
but the problems that we are talking about addressing with peer production
are different than the problems people are or were trying to address with
commercial industrial production.
to do what they are trying to do is more useful than trying to compare what
they are doing to past models that don't really apply 1:1 with what they are
trying to do, and then basically stating they never be able to do it. Or,
that it is not worth effort by the calculations of past models and

@_date: 2008-10-06 17:35:09
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] does green capitalism manufacture artificial 
I think one lesson for those who wrote the article is that you can't always
look at the network graph of people and companies/organizations, and draw
concrete conclusions about connections. Especially when it comes to really
large companies, organizations, governments, and public utilities, etc
People active in the public sphere may very well work with organizations
that also work with companies who are later found to have done something
illegal, immoral, etc. It can happen.
On Mon, Oct 6, 2008 at 5:27 PM, Chris Watkins

@_date: 2008-09-04 00:43:44
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P law presentation and cleaning? 
Mark Elliot is working on  this initiative in Australia as well:
I cc'ed Mark on this, and maybe he'll update us on this , or anything he
knows on the subject. Marcin also expressed interest a while back in a kind
of "open source law" that helps people better understand the nature and
meaning of laws already on the books, their rights, etc. (copied him too)

@_date: 2008-09-04 12:05:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Mozilla Labs Ubiquity and Linked Data 
Holy Sh**! this is awesome...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Here is our initial Ubiquity command for Linked Data which has the command
pattern: describe-page :
Of course there is more to come re. a generic SPARQL command etc..

@_date: 2008-09-11 09:34:24
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Numerati. A story of the Taylorization of 
Hmmm.. so how does datamining modelling people relate to p2p phenomenon and
peer production?
What if people started sharing data among trusted networks, and datamining
and modelling themselves? That is a question I was asking a couple of years
ago. Even one individual could datamine themselves, given a good model.
Then, that individual could pool data with others doing the same thing for
mutually-agreed-upon purposes that don't yet really exist (actually in some
rudimentary cases they do, like people sharing where the best gas price is
in online databses, etc)
Expecially within small local economies, this can be very empowering. Like,
community members are willing to share data about certain things with local
businesses to help them out-compete bigger international businesses, for
instance. People would need the  -type mechanisms
and technologies in place and working well before they will really feel
comfortable venturing into this territory. But, I believe the building
blocks are there....

@_date: 2008-09-11 09:39:45
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] pattern identification methodologies 
There are many "techno-social" patterns, and quite a few concrete
methodologies in place, but it really depends on the patterns you are
talking about here:
Usage of technology? Buying habits? Human travel in machines (like
airplanes, busses, cars, etc), human attention/movement in retail spaces,
etc etc
Probably, Michel, I am guessing that you are thinking about a specific area
of human techno-social patterns, so if you will narrow it down, I will do my
best to help...

@_date: 2008-09-11 09:52:06
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] pattern identification methodologies 
Possibly Athina may have some insight into this, and Paul, both based on
research that they are currently doing...
I worked with Paul recently, and he showed me some algorithms that will draw
patterns in network graphs based on specified node-types (which could be
something like a category, for instance, that connects nodes). That
algorithm is the Girvan-Newman algorithm, using a "betweeness" clustering
algorithmand software is GUESS
Social network analysis is actually a very useful set of methods to look at
"techno-social" patterns.

@_date: 2008-09-12 10:26:08
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Numerati. A story of the Taylorization of 
If corporate workplaces are bound to become so cybernetic in nature, then I
think that this will push many people to work towards becoming independent,
just because all of the humanity will have been drained out of workplaces
(not that it wasn't already!)
People can only take so much of this kind of stuff, in my experience. This
kind of Taylorism will just drive more people to either seek out companies
that don't do this, or become independents, that is my prediction (and
independents will need p2p systems to work effectively)

@_date: 2008-09-18 10:00:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] must watch censored sarah palin video 
apocalyptic end times!  (a self-fulfilling prophecy, apparently..)

@_date: 2008-09-21 16:37:02
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] (almost) Gone to Croatan 
I too am very sorry to hear this. Wish that I could have or can do more. I
still have you lined up to work with me in Oct/Nov for pay if you are still
I think the business model for you is application. I think this is something
that you can do in similar ways to what you've been doing, and I *know* that
people will pay for it. Just my .02
I hope we keep the sites up and running as an archive. They are tremendous
resource. Personally, I'd like to thank you for everything you've done and
tried to do thus far, I've learned a huge amount from you, plus all of the
people who contributed to P2P Foundation.
Perhaps it is time soon to think about how to bring both p2p foundation and
cooperation commons back from the "ashes" as something new? I will be in
more of a position to think about this in a few months time. The work is
critical in my opinion, especially now that people are beginning to try and
do this stuff, use it to solve real world problems. We need to make these
knowledge bases, network projects and activities more flexible, so that they
can change and adapt over time as conditions change (like for instance that
it is no longer novel for many people to contribute to a wiki, and so harder
to rely on that type of contribution model that worked better only a few
years ago) , and to allow people to make a living from them.

@_date: 2008-09-22 14:16:25
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] (almost) Gone to Croatan 
well, I know Michel was interested in exploring money resource pooling.
   - What existing building blocks (software, known practices, etc) do we
   already have to make a large resource pool?
   - What is missing that we need?
Beyond that, how can we start to think about preserving, merging and
extending the theoretical work that is out there (panarchy, p2pfoundation,
cooperation commons) what else is out there that is theoretical/research
work that shoulld be fostered?
Most importantly of all, what are the end uses of these theories that will
*fund* their application, and how can we get ourselves into helping that!*
* see
On Mon, Sep 22, 2008 at 1:53 PM, Josef Davies-Coates <

@_date: 2008-09-23 09:06:55
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] (almost) Gone to Croatan 
A quick reply to one part:
Joseph, I will follow your lead, too. Maybe you can talk about details, as I
have fallen behind on keeping track of your progress. Do you need software,
help, what do you need to get collaboration around resource pooling going
online? I have some workable code done in Drupal that could be used if

@_date: 2008-09-23 09:48:55
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] (almost) Gone to Croatan 
So far, for decision making, I have employed Advanced Polling module, with
the  method. It works well,
for sure. Consensus Polling is flexible enough to work in many different
collective decision making scenarios.
I will set up a new version of this, which also had e-commerce tools working
for the money pooling aspect (I will probably hold off on re-setting up
money collection just yet, as so much has changed about Drupal's ecommerce
tools that I'll need to make some changes before redeploying that)
But, we could experiment for a week or two with fake currency, because the
important part is the decision making process, and getting that right as
Joseph mentioned
The resource pool that I was setting up, per Michel's idea, was to have a
decision making space for collectively donating a percentage of the money
collected, and a decision making space for collectively *investing* towards
a for-profit return (investing club) part of it. Michel also wanted to give
part of it to each member in turn on a rotating basis. I can't recall the
percentages he came up with. What do you think about that idea?
Or, we could just go with the first 2 (donate and invest). How can this work
with consensus pooling? A proposal is posted that is also a consensus poll.
The poll is timed, and the person who starts the poll is tasked with helping
to work the "not yet" votes into the dynamic plan. Once enough votes are
switched to "yes" (maybe 80%) it becomes a "static contract", and the
proposal is funded (whether as donation or investment).
On Tue, Sep 23, 2008 at 9:36 AM, Josef Davies-Coates <

@_date: 2008-09-23 18:41:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] (almost) Gone to Croatan 
I can provide this no problem. I have an account with media temple, which is
where it is hosted now. I think James probably has it covered, although I
think he would appreciate any contributions any of us could make to help him
with costs

@_date: 2008-09-23 19:17:27
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New Platform 
Wow, great!
Matthew, I joined the site, and don't yet see where decisionmaking, or
resource pooling are happening. maybe you can point that out?
I am glad that many people are pursuing this. I think we should find a place
online to begin to collect knowledge about applications of resource pooling
(which is the term that I am using to describe what others are calling
"crowd funding" plus collective decision making, due-dilligence systems, and
other apparatus for group resource pooling).
Anyone have a suggestion for a good place? P2P wiki? I can offer a site that
is a community of interest/practice for this (with forum discussion, blog,
wiki, social bookmarking, rss aggregation)  What  I would like to do is
start to discuss and document and describe best practices as we all begin to
do this resource pooling thing, what is working, etc. We need to show people
that this can work, to help them understand that it is an alternative that
they can actually choose.
This is a big part of what we are doing and will be doing at
 (Ohio Local Food Systems Collaborative)
On Tue, Sep 23, 2008 at 12:48 PM, Matthew Cooperrider <

@_date: 2008-09-24 21:00:33
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New Platform 
I agree: I can create a knowledge base space on p2p wiki that tracks
resource pooling stuff, kind of like audio-visual section, but focused on
resource pooling. Good?

@_date: 2008-09-24 22:37:06
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] (almost) Gone to Croatan 
I will re-start this prototype this weekend and send you a link, Josef
On Tue, Sep 23, 2008 at 9:36 AM, Josef Davies-Coates <

@_date: 2008-09-25 10:06:19
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Project "10 the 100" 
AMrcin, can you submit an idea that you need funded most? The rest of us
will surely vote on it, plus get word out. Would probably be qucikest if you
submit, marcin. Worth a shot!
lets us know where we can find it after you submit!

@_date: 2008-09-25 10:08:30
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] group threshold dynamics 
Or, maybe I can talk Paul into co-writing with me (he knows a huge amount
about this subject, too) ? If not, I will commit to talking about it once
their series is over...

@_date: 2008-09-25 13:23:08
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Project "10 the 100" 
Hmmm...it sounds like it will be a tough call for you. But, Ithink we can
all jump in and boost your voting, mobilize networks, etc....
On Thu, Sep 25, 2008 at 1:10 PM, Marcin Jakubowski <

@_date: 2009-04-20 09:53:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
One of the problems here in the US is that public funding has largely dried
up for Universities, and so most of them have turned to larger corporations
for money. Related to this, some of them have also turned to being in the
"business" of securing grants (and often not doing much with the grants
other than absorbing them, and pressuring PI's to seek more grants instead
of allowing grantees to work to make those that grantees have already
received achieve their stated goals).
In the US, Universities are top-heavy when it comes to maximizing money.
They became very used to public subsidies, and grants, and created a rather
insatiable appetite for money. So, once that money stream has dried up, many
of them turned to restructuring themselves as businesses in order to just
sustain programs, building projects, etc. Perhaps it is the same in EU and
UK? I don't have direct experience, and so do not know for sure.
I think that given the larger environment, that it will be practically
impossible for many Universities in the US to avoid restructuring themselves
as businesses.
So, the question them becomes: what *kind* of "business" should a University
There is a legitimate business model, that I call a "commons-based" business
model. This model is probably the best fit for Universities. Give it away,
making money. Steve Bosserman writes about it here:
I agree with Andreas that Universities should stay away from more
traditional business. Stay away from making their staff and students
available as low cost research outsource grunts. Basically, stay away from
seeing people and land as natural resources and labor to be capitalized
The cost of restructuring to take commons based business route is far less
than than the cost of scarcity based business , and commons based businesses
run with principles discussed by Elinor Ostrum in Governing the Commons
(design principles discussion) will outperform and outsustain scarcity based
On Mon, Apr 20, 2009 at 8:29 AM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-04-20 10:31:38
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
Well, my opinion about what would work for Universities is definitely not an
expectation. I have no illusion that people running Universities will change
over night and do what I am suggesting.
An interesting phenomenon, though, is how educators within Universities are
starting to just go ahead and do this on their own.
This is how the  open source software project
started out: University professors and teachers were already trying to
engage FLOSS projects in order to get aligned with commons-based social
media teaching infrastructures, and they could not convince Universities to
install and maintain this stuff.
Independent FLOSS developers like myself who understand educator needs are
finding lots and lots of new niches by offering resources that allow
educators to *bypass* internal bureaucracy and create the tools and methods
they need directly with independent developers. I am right in the middle of
this right now, and I can see that it will increase over time.
Change in Universities in the US will not come from within, but rather from
the edges. Those who avoid empty sloganeering will be the people who are
connecting with people like me to innovate, and are engaging commons-based
systems out of necessity.
This is starting to have a sort of cascade effect in Universities, where
educators realize that the resources and tools they need lie largely outside
of the University systems they are a part of. The conditions of FLOSS, and
commons-based systems are that Universities cannot co-opt designs,
technologies, and content (even if their template contracts state that this
is their position). Teachers learn that they have to get the University to
waive this condition, because of the "share-alike" precondition of commons
based resources. And so, change is coming to Universities in this way. Not
from the center, but from the edges.

@_date: 2009-04-20 10:42:55
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
I agree with you on this. ...also, I can see that I can have more effect by
working to create commons based tools, like
 education, than by trying to fight
politically to retain public funding.
I can instead both make a fair living for myself, plus provide a resource to
thousands of people.  That is just me, of course.
Apparently, this is actually changing. It may be around 6-8 months to filter
through, but new administration is reportedly funding at least areas related
to science, technology, possibly others. But, this is actually a drop in the
bucket compared to the amount of money that Universities burn through. So,
many of them will still pursue corporate partnerships, I believe.

@_date: 2009-04-20 15:52:00
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [p2pf] Launch of P2P Research Group 
I don't teach students in Universities. I work with people from all
backgrounds to implement commons-based systems.

@_date: 2009-04-21 09:31:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] simpler way wiki 
It could come earlier than full collapse, as we are already having lots of
luck getting people to buy into local foods production as a way of
self-employment and sustenance here in the Great Lakes region.

@_date: 2009-04-22 10:53:48
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Request for Comment: Against Anonymous P2P 
goes back at least 15 years, to
the original wiki The problem it was trying to solve was (and is) that the wiki can be edited
by anyone, without logging in. The wiki system cannot really afford very
many unidentified people. The lower the participatory barrier, the more
valuable it is to be able to identify the people within it. This identity is
one of the only ways to really sustain the "commons" of the system over
See also

@_date: 2009-04-22 23:22:32
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] dangers of connectivity 
See also this comment to me on my facebook profile from Peter Rothman, who
studies network dynamics in his Credit Card security consulting business:
I am not sure that connectivity increases the chance of Black Swan as much
as it increases the sustainability of feedback loops. These can be positive
or negative feedback, and the results will depend on the circumstances.
and type of feedback.
Another factor to consider when assessing the probability of Black Swans,
humans generally underestimate the frequency of infrequent events. Example,
ask someone to give you a string of "random" binary digits (or a sequence of
Heads and Tails) from their imagination. They will typically underestimate
the number of runs such as 1111111 or 0000000. People are naturally pretty
bad at reasoning about these sorts of events.
Another similar effect is repeated trials. Even an unlikely event will
eventually occur if you conduct enough trials. This is why, for example,
surprisingly low false alarm rates are required for biometric security
systems and it is what went wrong in part with the risk models for credit
default swaps
-----end quote---
I wrote back:
"Thanks, Peter. I see what you mean about feedback loops. I think Robb is
talkiing about stuff like this "There is empirical evidence from a range of disciplines that as the
connectivity of a network increases, we observe an increase in the average
fitness of the system. But at the same time, there is an increase in the
proportion of failure/extinction events which are extremely large. The
probability of observing an extreme event remains very low, but it is
markedly higher than in the system with lower degrees of connectivity."
Anyway, this large scale failure could very well be *due* in part to
feedback loops, depending on the system. ... Read More
"Black Swan" metaphor is perhaps really more related to human perception and
estimation, so I really appreciate your comments on that."

@_date: 2009-04-22 23:58:37
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
I think that some people (including myself) might tend to talk about
technological advancements as inevitabilities.
While others are looking at the practical and actual conditions now.
A lot of people have said that Kurzweil's work is useless, but one insight
that he had that seems to hold true is about the exponential rate of
development of technological "advancement" (among other things).
There is a point where the advancement of medical AI, robotics, and
so-called "expert systems" will cross a threshold that will be previously
unexpected by many people. The same could be said for most technological
advancement throughout the 20th century.
Yet, there is also a school of critical thinking to apply, founded by people
like McLuhan, Neil Postman, and others, about technology.The idea is that
while AI and technologies may enhance certain aspects of a system, they can
and will also "over-extend" and create a whole new problems. ( P2P
phenomenae are included here )
ref: Anthony Hempell,  The Tetrad: Concept,
A couple of components to add to this discussion are bio and genetic
engineering, and very small technology.
Is there a way to "prove" that the potential "enhancement" can have an
equally pontential "reversal"? That is an ongoing question that I filter my
onw observations of technological and human evolution through.
Plus, will them emergence of these new types of technologies bring about a
new kind of power imbalance, with those who are able to harness and control
the technologies overpowering those who cannot?
How can foresight be applied to the development of these technologies in
human systems? Seems to me like the highest priotrity is creating and
disseminating literacies of technology, so that people can understand what
systems they are a part of, and how new emergences are likely to play out.

@_date: 2009-04-23 00:30:54
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Medicine -- Making Your Smart Phone into an 
I agree.
Although, I think there is some merit to Ray Kurzweil, ?The Law of
Accelerating Returns,?
 in terms of the
observed patterns of evolution of technology in Human systems
Never the less, I agree with you.
Also, in addition to what you mention below, there is a set of human
neuro-anatomy factors that are realted to human emotion, and how it affects
human decision making, that tends to push humans to seek out other humans in
problem solving.

@_date: 2009-04-26 09:25:42
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
There are Universities that are turning to commons-based methods of
governance and problem solving [1]. These are the Universities that are
positioning themselves for the series of changes that are likely to come.
While many of them are approaching this change in a rather ham-fisted way,
some are also learning. Those that are learning how to apply commons-based
governance/problem solving practices are positioning themselves both for
survival, and for the type of change that they see their students being
ready for.
(Michel makes a great point that in the east, in Asia, that many
Universities are possibly in a different track, fulfilling a different set
of needs. As we know, in the US, Universities are modeled after
corporations, often with a primary focus on procuring and securing money
from practically any source available. This is the type of arrangement that
cannot be sustained. ).
The nature of the change that will like happen in the case of Universities
will not be collapse, but rather dynamic transformation, which includes
collapse or die off of some parts of the system, and change in others.
When we talk about "collapse", we are not actually talking about the
complete eradication/extinction of an ecosystem.
For instance, we can say that the Roman Empire collapsed at around 500AD,
and yet one could argue that successive empires in Europe carried forward
many of the patterns of Rome, all the way to this day in the Republic of the
United States of America, where we still convene a Senate, still arrange
military and state power structures in ways that are remarkably similar in
more than a few ways to Roman systems, etc Parts of the institutions of the
Roman Empire remain with us today. They are cultural inheritances that were
carried forward even though Rome itself ceased to exist.
Another example is inside of your own body, which carries structures,
systems, symbiotic relationships, and adaptations that emerged long before
humans ever existed. Some of them go all the way back to the first organisms
that we know of.
On planet Earth, systems rarely completely collapse and disappear. Instead
that usually change, evolve, adapt, and pass forward those parts that are
still usable.
We are in the early stages of seeing some of the Universities change and
adapt. I think that Ryan can intuit that this change seems very likely to be
coming. But, if I were to describe what I think is going to happen, I would
not say that Universities are going to just be obsoleted into collapse and
non existence. I'd suggest that the *current landscape and configuration of
Universities is what is going collapse and become obsolete*, in those areas
where it cannot be sustained. There are people on the edges of Universities
that are already in the process of changing them, making them more
networked, more commons-based in wealth creation and curating. Consider
these people to be the evolutionary agents in the system (mostly at it's
edges). They are doing it not because they have some kind of fondness or
nostalgia for Universities and want to nurse them along, but because of the
conditions of their existence. They are heavily invested in those
institutions, and yet can see that Universities (especially here in the US)
cannot sustain centering all activity around securing money.

@_date: 2009-04-27 11:22:07
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] George Siemens Blogs On Future of Universities 
I both a
On Mon, Apr 27, 2009 at 11:04 AM, Kevin Carson <
I agree with this.
I can attest that I do benefit from mutual learning via coworking. So
physical presence is important, but need not always be highly centralized.
One of the areas where Universities can currently still shine are in
pursuits such as biological science, particle accelerators, certain
engineering pursuits.
Even in these cases, the University could be like an accelerator, that then
also helps to seed the projects by opening the IP and letting many work on
development in parallel.

@_date: 2009-04-27 11:29:33
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Universities Irrelevant by 2020? 
Duh! :-)
Examples include:
The coming Digital Media and Learning Research hub from UC Human Research
Localfoodsystems.org is of course also an example from Michigan State
University and Ohio State University.
Those are a couple of examples. There are probably more. Many Universities
are at least experimenting with this approach. Connecting internal processes
with external communities, and releasing under an open license.

@_date: 2009-04-27 15:03:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Some More Harsh Criticism of the Academy--this 
I just got that emailed to me today from another colleague, and of course
immediately thought of you, Ryan! :-)
2009/4/27 Ryan Lanham

@_date: 2009-04-27 16:30:03
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] THIRD WORLD UNIVERSITIES FORUM 
Interested! Especially from my end in the role of infrastructure (like open
source software).
On Mon, Apr 27, 2009 at 4:18 PM, Wittel, Andreas

@_date: 2009-04-27 21:58:18
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On unschooling 
Kevin, there is much merit in your insights here, I think.
John Taylor Gatto explains the history of forced schooling, and the
attitudes that extend into Universities, in *The Underground History of
American Education* [1] where he argues that education in the US is largely
meant to create a caste system, and has largely succeeded in doing this.
2 page sumarry from Digital Youth Research by Mizuko Ito et al [2] also
outlines the problems with coercive education, based on research about how
kids actually go about learning.
Some of this education is already shifting to smaller networks of mutual
mentors, open research and development enthusiasts, and others. I am
directly involved in forming mutual mentoring for people interested in
creating commons-based and networked business systems. We are also engaging
youth by creating a mentoring network where youth realize their
possibilities beyond "jobs and careers", and realize how to employ open
knowledge networks, open license design, and open source software to create
new form of youth self-employment, rapid decision making, collaborative
intelligence and civic engagement. Adults mentor, but projects and energies
are directed by youth.
While traveling around and taking to students and teachers in schools, we
discovered that youths often have little awareness of their possibilities.
And, we discovered that teachers and administrators are focused on antiquted
problems, like "declining enrollment", and the assumed need to close
schools, cut back on "costs" etc. Our proposal to schools is to do exactly
the opposite of what they are currently doing:
   - Instead of closing and demolishing unused schools, use the spaces for
   indoor hydronic and aquaculture food production, and flexible fabrication.
   Students can use the spaces to found businesses.
   - Switch focus from training students for careers with corporations, and
   compliance, to giving students liberty to learn from each other, and from
   innovators in their community.
   - Destroy the misconception that the only way to make money is to charge
   people for abundant goods that can instead be released under an open
   license, and exponentially innovated upon. Instead, help students to learn
   how to innovate, to find and serve ever-emerging niches within their local
   systems (whatever local means to them).
   1. John taylor Gatto, ?The Underground History of American Education -
   John Taylor Gatto,?      2.   ?digitalyouth-TwoPageSummary.pdf,?
On Mon, Apr 27, 2009 at 9:14 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2009-04-27 22:11:48
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Change Economy 
There are actually some rather old models on this.
If you start with Stuart Kauffman
 At Home in the
Universe, you'll get some background on the network and system dynamics
related to this type of change. On a systems scale, the lower cost of
creating and using "open source" coupled with the fact that these projects
are often coupled to networks, tends to increase wealth generation, and the
divergent filling of niches possible with cores that are optimized for
flexible customization and re-use, tends to open up more niches to be
I don't know about the numbers in dollars. We (our network) could fill a
role in taking the lead on research like this. There may be some useful info
at

@_date: 2009-04-28 11:50:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] THIRD WORLD UNIVERSITIES FORUM 
While Michel Bauwens is beyond the shadow of a doubt one of the wisest
councils that I know on matters such as these.... :-)
Things are shifting so much, that I say, take a chance, as many established
outfits are struggling to do something new. I have been surprised numerous
times over the past 2 years.

@_date: 2009-04-28 11:59:13
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] article request on closing of online services 
Part of such an article is covered by this:
at least if he had been able to show the fluctations over time,
of just the conditions now.
So long as the business model is to try and create a land rush on free
services, in order to sell your company to a larger company, then we'll see
cycles of growth and decline, since giving all of this away for free was not
the goal of the service, but rather attracting an "audience" of users. The
"audience" is the "commodity" among the larger companies.
Some of the services just failed outright to attract that audience, while
others did, were sold off, and consolidated. This rapid change is reflective
of the nature of the network people itself. It really cannot be controlled,
contained, or confined for very long.

@_date: 2009-04-28 12:28:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Change Economy 
One of the things about the network economy is that it's total value is
irrelevant to participants, who realize that the system they participate in
is constantly changing, and that there is no way to get an accurate picture.
The perspective of the size of the economy is mostly important when making
arguments for people who see everything as resources to be exploited, and
capitalized upon, instead of cultivation.
The real answer is that the value of *network economies* is potentially only
limited by the abilties, agility, and symbiotic efficiency of the people and
entities that make up the network. Their is a potential to sustainably scale
up and down, in scales of complexity. Now, we mostly operate within one
scale of complexity. (see  Hierachy
Theory)  But, the liberated and exploratory nature of networked economies
also means that we can potentially operate on all scales, which are
ultimately theoretically infinite. How do you measure the value of that?
Most economists will scoff at that notion. Yet, in our lifetimes, I think
the above realization will end up being a human evolutionary milestone.
And, I do believe that you have benevolent motivations, so no worries from
here on that! :-)

@_date: 2009-04-28 12:41:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Change Economy 
PS. this perspective came to me by way of Stanley Salthe,
  Salthe's emphasis on the "traidic"
nature of existence came in turn from  Sung
Chul Ji, who derived concepts from Charles S Peirce's semiotics.
The core idea is founded in changing the way the we understand, and the way
that we understand how others understand, and the nature of all information
in the universe itself, and how that can inform how we operate within it.
To survive and thrive, human systems *need* a not just a network view, but a
multi-dimensional, multi-scaled view and definition of systems. this will
help us see how many, many people can operate and multiply many forms of
wealth within systems that previously seemed easily depletable. Peer
networks are vital to creating the multi-dimensional maps and models and
views that will allow all of us to see the cornacopia of options that now
exist, provided we can shift out focus from exploitation and control, to
existential symbiosis with everything that is around us, on as many scales
as possible

@_date: 2009-04-28 12:58:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Change Economy 
Sorry, marc, I am on a roll, so one more email:
To give a working example:
Think about the problem of "information overload". So long as we are trying
to "control" the flow and rate of information coming at us, and leaving us,
we are struggling to keep up (the "Red Queen" in Kauffman's book)
The nature of information in the internet can now be compared to the nature
of the world's oceans. Right now, the way that many of us work with
information is like building a dam, or canals, or dikes, to attempt to
control the ocean of information.
Yet, what if instead we figured out how to create systems that can
symbiotically pull from and simultaneously feed back into the massive
network? We could make information systems that work more like a fan tube
worm, or a coral reef, that can exist within the ocean of information, and
provide multitudes of niches for existing and new species? We create systems
that take advantage of certain elements inherent in the ocean of
information, which in turn open up many more new ways to build from that
starting point.

@_date: 2009-04-28 17:39:04
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] tale of a stolen computer 
As soon as i get some cash, I'll donate of course
Sorry to hear about this, Michel. This must mean you are overdue for a
string of good luck soon!

@_date: 2009-04-29 15:13:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Some More Harsh Criticism of the Academy--this 
I have worked with HASTAC folks recently. A good group!

@_date: 2009-08-23 12:32:18
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The failure of micro-credit? 
? ? ? ?<9134ad230908230911l2d535155n36ee5bef301a8934 at mail.gmail.com
I have to agree with this. All the way back in 2005-2006 when
BarCampBank  project first really took off,
I was one of the only people advocating against debt-creating
mechanisms (like micro lending).
Resource pooling, coupled with targeted investment are the way to go,
if money is to be involved. A pool of money could be created, which
could then pay out when projects meet and sustain a criteria that is
defined by the investing group. This is similar to C.A. Fitts "solari"
model. The investing group could work this similar to "bounties". Or,
could take a different approach with impoverished people and lower the
barrier to encourage community cooperation towards co-creation of
local basic needs infrastructure.

@_date: 2009-08-24 09:29:59
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The failure of micro-credit? 
Well, I am not "totally" opposed to credit. In fact, if one person
wants to lend another money, my opinion is irrelevant.
However, I do advocate other choices over credit, because the desire
to implement microlending systems was becoming the default go-to
choice for many people trying to implement peer lending systems.
The same resources that are put towards micro credit could have been
used to create pools.
What if the first woman who got a loan, instead of paying it back,
worked with community people to find the next person who qualified for
a "loan" and sent the payments to her or him instead, with a community
entity tracking that this was happening. Repeat this many times, and
you have a community resource pool (in this case the "pool" is all
money). You don't need a "bank" to mediate this. All you need are a
few micro investments to start it.
I'd be a lot more comfortable with it if I knew for sure that the
people in Bangladesh, Mexico, etc were at least co-owners of the banks
or finance entities that lent them the money (eg credit unions). This
will keep their loans from becoming products that can be passed around
corporate banking systems. Plus, will keep their money and interest
they are paying back in their own communities. Not that I know for
sure who is behind any of these loans, but it would be nice to know
that localized economies were considered
I am definitely not totally opposed to lending and credit. But, I want
to help people see credit as not always needing to be the first and
only option. But rather one of many alternatives

@_date: 2009-08-24 10:01:14
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The failure of micro-credit? 
My response was actually a bit off-topic to the issue Ryan raised of
whether microfinance loans are currently actually helping people.
I am, and have been for a few years,  just trying to advocate for
other possible methods to solving problems beyond lending and credit.
I am not 100% against loans, and am in fact have paid off many loans
in my lifetime. Plus, I have lent money via microcredit systems
My response was not meant to condemn the practice of microfinance. I
can imagine that at least thousands of people have genuinely benefited
from micro loans.
My standing question is more like: why don't people see these
countries and people as worth actually investing in? Not investment by
way of lending, but investment by way of creating localized funds.
These funds could be owned and controlled by the local people. The
funds could also issue shares that anyone world wide could purchase.
The fund entity could also issue one or more local currencies. it
could also become a service that collects and disseminates data about
conditions, financial and otherwise, in a local area. (this is similar
to the solari model)
All of that being said, microcredit is probably the easiest system to
start right away in some of these places. I can definitely see how
many people can benefit from micro credit. Ryan, if you have received
confirmation from individuals that loans have truly helped them, then
it is possible that micro lending helps some, but possibly has
negative side affects in some cases. This would seem normal really.
Most patterns for solving problems will need to be adjusted for local
So, perhaps what I am saying is that, depending on what they goals
are, micro credit should not always be looked at as the "solution"
when the need for money is involved. My focus may also be more US
centric. In the US, so many people are so far into unsustainable
depbt, that most alternative finance solutions completely avoid the
concept of lending and debt.

@_date: 2009-08-24 09:38:21
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] EU Funding Opportunity and Open RFPs 
I know that Paul and myself are interested in putting our shoulders
into work like this, too. We're not strategically located to head up
European projects, but we are interested in participation in projects
that need developers, online infrastructure, or special custom
functionality, networked devices, mobile devices, food or fuel/energy
and materials production, social publishing applications, and network
On Sun, Aug 23, 2009 at 9:38 PM, Matt

@_date: 2009-08-24 11:41:50
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The failure of micro-credit? 
The conclusion of the Yale paper states:
"Microcredit seeks to promote business growth and improve well-being
by expanding access to
credit. We use a field experiment and follow-up survey to measure
impacts of a credit
expansion for microentrepreneurs in Manila. The effects are diffuse,
heterogeneous, and
surprising. Although there is some evidence that profits increase, the
mechanism seems to be
that businesses shrink by shedding unproductive workers. Overall,
borrowing households
substitute away from labor (in both family and outside businesses),
and into education. We also
find substitution away from formal insurance, along with increases in
access to informal risk-
sharing mechanisms. Our treatment effects are stronger for groups that
are not typically
targeted by microlenders: male and higher-income entrepreneurs. In
all, our results suggest that
microcredit works broadly through risk management and investment at
the household level,
rather than directly through the targeted businesses."
There are some unseen affects by re-applying the same microlending
pattern over and over everywhere (targeting businesses etc).
Microlending could probably work well if it were adjusted to what
different cultures and people are saying they need. I could see a
whole different set of effects emerging in a place like Tonga, for
instance, which has a different culture and different economies of
sharing, etc.
Helping people improve their lives beyond poverty conditions looks
like it really depends heavily on what the people you are helping
define as "improvement" for themselves.

@_date: 2009-08-24 13:22:45
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Nathan RE: your email via facebook 
Is it ok to repost your email to via facebook to this list?
I have a couple of questions that will help me prepare for coming to
this conference
 :
1. What are the existing open source software platforms that are being
developed, or commonly used?  I am aware of
 (wagn) Media Wiki, GNU Mailman
listserv, WordPress, Drupal, and a few Prowiki and OddMuse wiki users
(Redmine is the basis of Open Pario for open source tech dev ). Any
others that I am missing there? Are people using Trac?
2. What are the commercial services being used among networks of
people interested in this discussion? I am aware of Google Groups,
Facebook, Twitter, Ning, identi.ca, Skype, FriendFeed? anything else?
3. most importantly, what are the existing open standards that are
usable among both open source platforms and commercial services? The
open source platforms are obviously potentially unlimited, so this
question is really about the commercial services.
4. Although, for open source frameworks and platforms, groupware,
applications, etc, We can look at how existing objects within
applications (like dates, identities, keywords, content objects, etc
etc) can be output in plural ways, under a diverse array of standard
output ways, to allow for wide re-use. This does not have to be done
by tedious extension of the native application. This is an overlooked
but extremely important design choice. The amount of effort that it
takes to extend an application that was not designed to do what you
are trying to do is exponentially more than creating the simple
mechanisms outside of the application, and giving the mechanisms
secure access to the data within the application. An example: Media
wiki was not originally designed to be a content recommendation engine
that works with K-means clustering algorithm. So, if you design this
functionality as a non-commercial service that lives outside of media
wiki, and adapters that let it read from and write back to media wiki,
the service is also available to potentially all other wiki engines as
well, and the amount of work to make it compatible with Media Wiki
software is far, far less than if the Media Wiki scripts themselves
have to do the heavy lifting and processing of the new functionality.
The external service need only be able to access data from media wiki
(either via a RESTful service or directly from the database) and to
write back to Media Wiki in a way that MW is expecting to see pages
and content (when it is deemed necessary to programmatically write
content to MW).
Number 4 above is a new approach to design, and extends to
collaboration platforms that are being used for open source hardware
collaborative development, too. Even most commercial services now do
this. (All of the above named work with some kind of standard save
Ning, see  )
We believe an approach is needed that does not care what application
you are using, what programming language it is in, nor even what your
processes are (although knowing all of this helps), but only minimally
requires that you output in some way that is a standard that can be
mapped against. That output is where Paul and myself have created a
standard, which is a way to abstract above the common existing
barriers between web software applications. We have code that works
with Wagn now, that will allow for this abstraction, and we'll have
several demos for Nov.  We have even extended this to microcontrollers
like Arduino, and will likely provide a demo of this, too.
It would be good to know the exact processes of the meeting in Nov.
Will this be presentation based? Or, some other format? Either way, we
will be able to show some actual code demonstrations connecting wagn
with other open source apps, services, etc. Plus, we're ready to talk
about the underlying theory that drove us into this direction as
Thanks, Nathan, Phoebe, and Michel for putting this together. A really
needed meeting of minds in my opinion

@_date: 2009-08-24 20:58:32
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Workshop on Media Ecologies: Q&A: Sam Rose 
Thanks, Nathan
- Show quoted text -
I can give one example that we are working on for people in Pittsburgh
local food systems right now.
These people want a library building application.
So, we are using Wagn as the library building interface.
So, if users want to create a way to import content into wagn that
meets a certain criteria, we create a *tform for that card type, with
a field that lets them input the external source URL, and the criteria
they want to filter for.
Then, we have a FLOWS based wrapper that interfaces directly with the
database of the wagn site. The FLOWS wrapper looks for URL's and then
talks to other FLOWS components that go out and retrieve the pieces of
content, process them and insert the content with a reference and time
stamp into the wagn wiki as a card type "external resource". The
external source can be an RSS feed, it can be an html web page, or
myriad of other resources (a wikipedia page, etc)
Our approach described in the paragraph above is not to try and make
wagn do the heavy lifting of all of that retrieval and processing.
Instead, wagn is the input of sources and then the display of copies
of imported referenced content.
Then, the users can refactor and recombine collections in wagn, then
flag those items or collections that should be published. Our database
FLOWS connector object then looks for those flags and exports that
content to a clean display that is the "library" navigation
application (possibly made with Flex, or jquery). In this case both
the wagn wiki and library navigation application are visible to the
public. But, some people don't want to dig through a wiki who's
knowledge content is always in construction. So, we make it possible
to make a stream of content coming from the wagn wiki that is
re-usable, and we make a clean navigable view out of it. This is done
programmatically. The view is embedded in the client's website. Other
entities can take this view or other views of output and republish
them elsewhere too, or make them part of archives, etc
This is one example of what we are talking about.
The other thing this can do is make a new type of web service that was
maybe made to solve one problem, but is then available for multiple
other users, communities, etc
- Show quoted text -
I don't know if we'll be able to demo something like that in time for
Nov, but we can definitely show how some of it is currently possible
(assuming you already have the folding robot, the data model of the
room, and the software that enables toolpaths for folding :-) )
Well, it all boils down to who you allow to run your virtual folding
tool, of course.
The only things daunting about it are the software that creates the 3D
representation of the folded object. I did not see Sm?ri's Industry
2.0 presentation, but maybe he presented some existing technology
(software and robotics) that does this already?
Also, dynamic modeling of a room would presumably be mocked up, since
not technology that I know of exists that dynamically models rooms on
the fly, and because the robotics would only need a connection to the
internet, and a piece of paper placed in the robot's working space to
accomplish the remote folding, assuming the software that lets you
build the "folded paper" model can send data across the wire to the
This demo would be an awesome display for sure. If all of the above
software exists, we could use FLOWS to make each component part of the
software talk to the other and pass data to where it needs to go in a
*standard* way.
I would think about doing what you describe above with COLLADA
and maybe something like
  plus maybe
heeksCAD/CAM and xyz robot that could accomplish folding
Although, it seems like it would be easier to just use telesurgery
robots and cameras if you want to do remote folding! I guess it
depends on what the real goal is here.
A more practically immediately implementable example, IMO,  of what
FLOWS and open standards can do with regard to flexible fabrication
would be to allow people to store and serve multiple parts of a
"package" of CAD files, bill of materials, parametrics data, and any
other relative data about a technology, or the technologies needed to
make that technology, in a distrbuted way (like on multiple servers).
These packages could still be maintained by a specific project or
person. That project or person would really do the job of "vetting"
the contents of that package so that other people reasonably know they
can trust it.  But, the same files could live in many, many packages,
each maintained by a specific maintainer. FLOWS gives a standard way
of letting a system know that your files or data are part of a package
(or to submit for inclusion in a package). Now, you can park your
design files *anywhere*, yet they can still be part of a package.
Another practical immediate example is that you could export certain
contents of those files to be repackaged as a PDF, and even create a
print on demand book from that collection of files. You could actually
export a collection of files in any way that is possible through
existing open source libraries. A FLOWS based component could also
send out all kinds of meta data about the packages. Who is accessing
them, multiple materials sources for what the package is made of, etc

@_date: 2009-08-24 21:06:11
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Workshop on Media Ecologies: Q&A: Sam Rose 
Wagn is a new-ish wiki engine that makes
 style contributions more
possible, by taking advantage of "transclusion", editing in place, and
other technical affordances.
In wagn, everything, including users, comments, any individual entry,
are "cards". So wagn is a flat data model in that sense. Making
everything one type of object allows for some interesting things to
Card "types" are really just tags on the card object. It lets you make
a custom co-editable content management system on the fly. Wagn also
lets you "transclude" or name and include many "cards" or pages onto
one page.
This collection could then be exported with some extensions like those
that Paul and myself are making, maybe printed as pdf, embedded into a
blog post, etc etc
Wagn also makes WYSIWYG page editing possible by default. You can also
turn "card" pages into forms with some simple sytanx and page naming.
This really makes wagn a usable front end for creating a database of
information (and customization of interface does not require a

@_date: 2009-08-25 10:07:23
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The failure of micro-credit? 
I suppose so, except that I would personally try and disclude the
"loans" part. It would instead be "pool and invest".
In my opinion, the nature of money itself also needs to change. What
money is valued against should change to something that is constant
(like energy), and represented in natural systems.
The other issue is that I think projects to finance localities should
start out with talking to people, providing a plurality of
options/scenarios/etc, a that locals may not be aware of, and
ultimately asking them what they want and need, and providing that.
Some people may be convinced that they want and need loans, and have a
really good reason for that. They should be able to have
self-sustaining system where they are able support one another on
local scales, whether it be by way of loans, investment, barter, gift
giving, or any other means. People should be able to choose and
execute the activities that work for them. They don't need someone
like me telling them that they don't need loans, if loans are exactly
what they believe they need. The best that I can do is make them aware
of other potential options. The question should be "what kind of local
infrastructure do you need to meet basic food, energy, shelter,
physiological and psychological survival needs?" Micro finance (small
and well used amounts of money and resources) is actually already able
to meet those needs right now today by creating the infrastructure
people are asking for.  It could be done via loans, investment, or
donation based systems (sometimes you may donate as an investment to
help change conditions, or to help build commons based systems), or
via donated time.

@_date: 2009-08-25 10:10:43
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Workshop on Media Ecologies: Q&A: Sam Rose 
Yes, I would not recommend changing wiki engine until you see a real
need to do so.

@_date: 2009-08-25 10:29:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Workshop on Media Ecologies: Q&A: Sam Rose 
Nathan, I am sorry to tell you that I personally have little interest
in investing the amount of time that I know it will take to create and
execute the paper folding bot in 3D room demonstration that you are
suggesting here.
I am personally much more interested in putting time like that into
practical applications that can help people, like developing
automation systems for aquaponics and hydropnics, creating protocols
for open source software systems that people are currently using to
talk to each other, creating mobile food processing units for use in
local food systems, things like that.
The idea is cool, but not something that I am interested in investing
time into. In the end, we'd have a robot that can fold paper :-)
I use EMC2  I agree
it is great!
Our goal here is to first help people address the basic needs for
energy, food, shelter, and general physiological and psychological
survival using open source software and technology. Retorifitting
existing urban infrastructure, putting vacant land and buildings to
use, localizing food production, that sort of thing. I frankly way too
busy with that work to rise the challenge of the remote paper folding
Yes, coming to the workshop for sure.
Well, think of it this way, you could make a standard way to represent
a package, and then you could make unlimited applications that add in
functionality like question asking (just as there are multiple
applications that work with debian package management system). I would
not put this extra functionality into a package management system
itself, though.

@_date: 2009-08-25 17:49:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Workshop on Media Ecologies: Q&A: Sam Rose 
Hey Nathan,
Sorry to disappoint. For me it is just a matter of priorities. I am
very committed to food and energy production, localized food
processing, and fabrication that helps those areas Plus some people
actually would rather do repetitive tasks. Ask anyone who has a hobby
like knitting, loom weaving, people who spend spare time proofreading
texts for free, staring picture on a website identifying craters on
Mars for free, etc etc. Crazy as it may seem to you and me, these
people do want to do this, that go out of their way to choose to do
these repetitive activities.
I think it would take a fairly large collaboration of people with
various expertise to actually create a working demo of all of the
things that you outlined. There are truly many thousands of hours of
work in the totality of what you outline, and I can't see too many
individual people volunteering to take on the task of putting all of
that together for free.
If I were going to try and do something practical with what you are
doing, I might try to do it this way:
Take existing remote-surgery style robotics, and use them to fold the
paper. Record the sequence of movements of the remote surgery-style
robot, and then run the sequence back to produce the folded paper
object thereafter
This takes the "3D environment" out of the equation, but still gives
you a way to automate a complex task like paper folding. You don't
even need parametrics, etc, if you have a way to record the sequence
of commands sent to the remote surgery-style robot. You could do the
first folding in person, then send the data to people to allow remote
robots to do it. If there really is value in a folding robot, it's my
opinion that this would be a way to deliver the technology.

@_date: 2009-08-25 18:01:44
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Workshop on Media Ecologies: Q&A: Sam Rose 
There's actually 2 parts to the conference:
1 part is people talking about stuff like what Alex is suggesting,
plus some of the standard ways of implementing that via technology
2nd part is people using info tech to collaborate specifically around
open source tech and fab lab/open source design. 2nd part is where a
demo like what Nathan is talking about would fit in
For my part, I wanted to do a demonstration using some of the software
releases that people at the conference have developed, and the
software that Paul and myself are developing, to show practical uses
for letting monolithic web applications talk to each other in useful
ways. This is why I was originally asking what software people out
there have developed, because I want to develop some
wrapper/extensions for your different software/platforms and use those
in a demonstration. And, Paul Hartzog would present a more
theory-based overview of the approach we are taking (if this meeting
will contain presentations at all, which was the other question I had)

@_date: 2009-08-26 10:50:38
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Workshop on Media Ecologies: Q&A: Sam Rose 
Hey Nathan
Actually, ironically the people who do the above mentioned activities
as "hobbies" are often people who do not need to do them at all for a
living. I know people who are well payed PhD students, that do
proofreading because they enjoy doing it. My wife enjoys weaving,
knitting, etc and she's not suffering in a sweatshop :-)
However, I still agree with your point that there are many rote tasks
that millions of people are doing world wide to 'earn' a living. And,
I am with you on the drive to create robotics that can eliminate some
of these. Even more, I am interested in robotics that can give them
the infrastructure they need to become self sufficient, which is
related to what you are talking about. The suffering  people you are
talking about actually require a full ecology of systems, which
includes robots that can eliminate rote labor, but also includes
localized food systems, sustainable shelter systems, waste-equals-food
ecologies for the byproducts of their production, and money systems
that are tied to natural forces, such as energy, for value.
::Drift:: One of the reasons people have to struggle so much to earn a
living, and are forced into taking on really taxing rote manual labor
jobs can be traced back the way that the flow of money systems are
controlled. Central banks and governments artificially control money
flows via fixing compound interest rates. So, when financial systems
take a dive (usually after a false expansion that people start to
realize cannot be sustained, which leads to the collapse), lending
institutions dam up the flow of money, blocking people from accessing
it, which has a domino effect, and those with the least amount of
money are forced to struggle even harder to procure the basic amount
of money for survival. I propose that we both give people the means of
production, to eliminate the need for money, plus we all start using
new money systems that are tied to natural forces. People have been
calling for this for years. This makes money *self-regulating*. We
could prove it with experiments with digital money online. (see this
article  ).
 Time banks are an example. I don't think that currency should *only*
be based on petro, but any solar-derived energy, or even other energy.
Plus, as Nathan continually advocates, it is extremely important in my
opinion to diminish the need for money at all. Especially for basic
survival needs. We already have enough space, and stored/potentially
energy to meet basic survival needs for every person on this planet in
totally self-sustaining ways. We're just currently misusing the
resources, and I think that is obvious to many people.

@_date: 2009-08-26 11:44:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Workshop on Media Ecologies: Q&A: Sam Rose 
Well this is the topic of the book that Paul, Rick Adler and myself
are writing at   of course it is only
about 1/4 of the way there so the concise view you need isn't there
quite yet :-)
Actually, the chapter outline we currently have gives the FLOWS model
that we are saying is the basic model people require for all forms of
basic survival.
# Energy Commons
# Food Commons
# Thing Commons
# Cultural Commons
# Access Commons
Creating an infrastructure commons around the above needs will create
what we are calling a "wealth generating ecology".
"Wealth generating ecology" is what I offer to people when they ask me
to create an open source business model for them. I tell them that
they don't need a "business model" they need a "wealth generating
ecology" that generates multiple types of wealth, defined by what the
people and systems in the ecology decide is 'wealth'. (For instance,
in Adam Arvidsson's "Ethical Economy", sound ethics and actual trust
are one of the highest forms of "wealth" in the system. )
Energy and Food commons are self explanatory (in fact if you really
think about it, food is actually part of the energy commons, as food
is transformed and stored energy for human physical systems) "Thing
Commons" above is what some people call "means of production". Open
license machines, designs, materials, etc. This is probably going to
be Paul's offering to the group. But, we'd work on it with you ahead
of time either way.
"Access Commons" is our current place holder for access to data flows,
designs, networks, resources, anything that is a building block
towards basic survival. Plus, it addresses the encirclement of
concepts and resources which were never meant to have access blocked
off from (like atomics particles and compounds, genes, etc that
otherwise naturally flow and evolve freely within systems).
The FLOWS model as a model for the creation of a "wealth generating
ecology" (not FLOWS internet specification, which is meant to be a
real world example of the model) suggests that human activity should
emulate the energy flow of natural systems. By blocking and damming
the flow of energies, and access to deposits of built up resources, we
are trying to defy the 2nd law of thermodynamics. Our systems ultimate
collapse because the defiance of the law is a charade, and is used to
help keep a small amount of people safe from the effects of this 2nd
law of entropic dissipation.
We are saying that anyone can apply our model right now, to human
systems, and see results right away.
To apply, you need to align your inputs and consumptions with the
outputs of others, and make your outputs available as inputs for
Designs need to apply a principle of plurality, many ways to employ
and reuse the same resource. Plurality is not enough, the principle of
diversity is also needed, many different ways to use many different
Paul just stated to me that Complex Adaptive systems optimize the flow
of energy in emergent ways, they usually do not block, or hoard energy
flows in systems when left to evolve and emerge on their own.
So, if we take energy that is in the form of matter, shape it into a
fast food container, use it once, and then throw it into a hole in the
ground, we are blocking the potential for optimized dissipation of
that energy. Complex systems theory contains many of the simple
rules-based models that we need to start optimizing our energy flows
in useful ways.

@_date: 2009-08-26 18:36:39
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Workshop on Media Ecologies: Q&A: Sam Rose 
I may have been coming across as too harsh or dismissive, as I agree
with you both that the demonstration would be worthwhile, and that
lots of value could be gleaned from the exercise Nathan described.
My only current problem is that there is no way that I can commit to
the volume of work that it would take to create this demonstration.
Nathan, do you currently possess the ability and resources to create
the types of robots and software you described? If so, I could try to
contribute in areas where I see I am able to do so, and my time
permitting. I can see how remote control of robotics is useful. I can
also see how a robot that can fold could do other tasks, too.

@_date: 2009-08-31 09:02:32
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The failure of micro-credit? 
Ah, really interesting. this was similar to the experiment we talked
about doing for P2P Foundation a while back. There were folks doing
"Tontine" in French barcampbank networks, too

@_date: 2009-08-31 14:12:11
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Remote Assembly, Economy, & Work For Its Own Sake 
I am sure you are right in theory. But, in practice to get to the
transformative outcome of: no one using money/money is worthless,
there is no plausible path except for transitioning towards it.
So, the question in my mind is "how do we transition from a world
dominated by money, to a world where humans operate with no money?"
What is a "plausible" way to do this, that most of the people in the
world can actually start adopting right now, today?
There are many different types of "worth" assigned to money by human
beings. Some of these types of "worth" are more related to econmic
theory such as what we have been discussing, and some are local to an
individual's mind. So, even if we create mechanisms for valuing money,
we must also create or at least work to increase the likelihood of
conditions that will make it more likely that people will accept the
type of change that we are trying to initiate. So, while it is
interesting for us to discuss which economic theories make the most
sense, in reality we are also dealing with the worldviews of billions
of people, who may or may not readily accept and operate with the type
of change that others propose for them. Clare W. Graves recognized the
conditions that can make it more likely for people to willingly accept
a change that you are attempting to initiate, and to work with the
world view that is inherent in that change. See "The Never Ending
Quest" for a detailed description of that
I would recommend looking at models from Elinor Ostrum ("Governing the
commons"), Peter Kollock I'd also recommend looking at Six Degrees by Duncan Watts
Emergence by John Holland (all work by John Holland is useful for
learning about the basics of complex systems theory),
 Triple Helix by Richard Lewontin
  while not
"complex systems theory" explains that the *system* is the mechanism,
not it's components.
All of the work of Robert Axelrod
Strogatz Hope that helps!

@_date: 2009-08-31 17:26:21
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Remote Assembly, Economy, & Work For Its Own Sake 
Well, hyper-inflation may be the obvious model.
But, my question to Nathan was:
"how do we transition from a world dominated by money, to a world
where humans operate with no money?"  What is a "plausible" way to do
this, that most of the people in the world can actually start adopting
right now, today?
I argue that, while it may be an obvious fitting model, hyperinflation
is not a "plausible" way to do this.
"Plausible" comes to me as a language construct from Richard Slaughter
of Swinburne Foresight Institute. Slaughter recommended that when we
talk about alternative futures, that we (eventually) narrow down to
what is plausible.
 Plausible meaning likely to happen based on everything we know about
what is happening now, plus what we can reasonably project is emerging
or will emerge. An implausible future is one that is envisioned and
worked towards while ignoring the fact that billions of other people
are already working towards a different envisioned future.
If you are interested in actually seeing change happen, (as opposed to
just talking about what theoretical changes to systems would work
theoretically work best) then I propose that what is most important is
not having the strongest theoretical argument. Instead, what is most
important is to work towards the future that is plausible for you to
actually turn into reality.
Is it plausible that the entire United States, and all of the people
in it, will participate in a process to bring about hyper-inflation,
in order to see the outcome of making money worthless actually happen
by way of this route? I propose that it is not plausible. The theory
is sound, but the idea that people will willingly participate in the
process in reality is not. People cannot start adopting
hyper-inflation right now, today, because hyper-inflation depends on
the US government participating, which does not seem likely to me.
The question again:
"how do we transition from a world dominated by money, to a world
where humans operate with no money?"  What is a "plausible" way to do
this, that most of the people in the world can actually start adopting
right now, today?
An answer could very well be "we don't transition into a world where
humans operate with no money at all". Although, there are ways that
people can start operating without money, right now today. Anyway, I
will agree with Ryan that the problem is not rooted in money, (or any
medium or technology) but in core beliefs that people follow as they
go about solving their perceived problems of existence.
This is another way of saying exactly what I am saying, which is that
the type of change that Ryan describes above requires human beings to
accept and believe and operate under the world view he describes. And,
people will only do that if *they* are ready to do it. You can try to
help create conditions where they are more likely to be ready. This is
what I am doing now.
Agreed. With humans, the problem is always the world view through
which people are seeing the world. Although, by the same token, one of
the conditions required to see humans change the ways that they solve
their problems of existence is to create "dissonance" within the
system. And, sometimes this dissonance can be fomented by introducing
new technologies, new procedures. But dissonance is not enough on it's
own. I agree with that.
That is exactly right! And this is also why they are tending to emerge
in small niches here and there across the world. Because: those people
who adopt and employ are the  people who are currently ready for that
type of change in the way they solve their problems of existence.
I can argue that forcing is impossible. People will not change in ways
that they are not ready to change. Especially of the type of change we
talk about has a key component of "volunteerism". But, if the
conditions that make it more likely for people to be ready to accept
change exist, then we can have more faith that change will happen.
Clare W Graves figured all of this out about 50 years ago
I think there was a misunderstanding with what I was
describing/question I was asking. But, in any case Ryan and myself
both agree that the core problem is centered in human belief systems,
and the lenses through which people view the world.

@_date: 2009-12-19 13:22:44
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Interesting, from military perspective:
If you think back to WW II, it was US and UK innovation of code breaking and
radar that removed element of surprise advantage that Nazi germany was
previously enjoying with expensive submarines, airplanes, and V-* rockets.
Now, super low cost software and hardware could remove element of surprise
that US enjoys in middle east with expensive drones.

@_date: 2009-12-19 13:25:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Maybe we should have tried the "spiders" idea instead

@_date: 2009-12-22 08:15:10
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
Maybe L Andrews is  thinking about the
 ?
Stephan Wolfram talked about some similar ideas, that you could use
generative computing models to create variants of every possible
scenario. Of course, then the problem is that you'd have to have a way
to analyze all of the output.
The theory is interesting, but we are nowhere near anything like the
computational power/capacity/energy that would be required to do this.

@_date: 2009-12-22 08:22:47
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Drone hacking 
On Tue, Dec 22, 2009 at 4:09 AM, J. Andrew Rogers
Upon review, it seems accurate that you *think* you are goring sacred
cows here.
As I have stated in the past, you are really making an argument that
is only partially true. Your argument ignores basic fundamental facts
about the *nature* of living systems, in order to draw us towards the
conclusion *you* desire that we come to.

@_date: 2009-12-29 13:46:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
Wow! This is darn near exactly what I have been building with Erlang
lately! Most of our FLOWS services work this way too (meaning they
could be used by anyone, not just us. For example FLOWS services that
translate GIF to JPG, or that translate XML to JSON, etc)
This is cool, Michel. Thanks!
On Tue, Dec 29, 2009 at 10:38 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-12-30 10:04:38
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
Personally, I don't care about the funding/governance mechanisms so
much as the idea that people can pool resources and create many
distributed services. This is the part that is similar to what we are
doing with FLOWS, and what prompted me to state "wow!"

@_date: 2009-02-19 09:22:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] reverting from pdf to word query 
It's too bad that PDF does not contain some form of
metadata, (like SVG for instance) that would make conversion an easier
 has limited success *editng* PDF documents:
 if you are simply
looking to change what is in it.
PDF was orginally largely used in practice as format for people in the
printing industry to maintain document image quality. It's really good
for this purpose, but not so great for sharing a co-editable document.
Also, I have heard that people have had good success with PDF2HTML or
to XML conversions (I believe there is a Perl script that will do
this, and I recall trying it out several years ago). Then, you could
do HTML or XML to > Your favorite desktop document editor
Here's one written on C++
Sam Rose
Social Synergy
Tel:+1(517) 639-1552
Cel: +1-(517)-974-6451
AIM: Str9960
Linkedin Profile: skype: samuelrose
email: samuel.rose at gmail.com
"When a distinguished elderly scientist states that something is
possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something
is impossible, he is very probably wrong."
   Arthur C. Clarke, Clarke's first law

@_date: 2009-02-19 19:03:47
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no 
Hey Tere,
One could argue that the the Net Energy Cliff is based on the assumptions that:
-The consumption of Fuel
-The monoculture nature of biomass production
...will remain the same.
However, what if Permaculture were used for biomass production? what
if natural processes were used for processing?
***What if some energy needs we replaced with natural  systems (like
fertilization of agriculture, home and commercial heating and cooling,
treatment of water systems, production of printed materials, plastics,
etc etc)?****
The future will not be like the past, or the present.
More importantly, if you and I (we) get *involved in the production*
of replacements for infrastructure, technology, processes and
practices that require traditional petroleum-based fuel production,
then we up the likelihood that the past will not be like the future.
Sam Rose
Social Synergy
Tel:+1(517) 639-1552
Cel: +1-(517)-974-6451
AIM: Str9960
Linkedin Profile: skype: samuelrose
email: samuel.rose at gmail.com
"Long ago, we brought you all this fire.
Do not imagine we are still chained to that rock...."

@_date: 2009-02-20 02:55:48
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Open Manufacturing] Fwd: there is no 
Hi Tere
I agree with you. It is common practice to shut down oil wells due to
the economics of production. There are shut down oil wells all over
Mid-Michigan that sit on top of still-productive reserves for this
reason (and the cost of refining, etc. refineries have been decreased
in the US, so it costs more on a baseline level to process and refine

@_date: 2009-02-20 20:03:27
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] List of articles on Indium/Gallium Supplies 
What are the propertiesof Indium/Gallium that make them so desirable
for solar panels?
Observing the emergence of efficient adpative solar energy conversion
in nature, from organic components, it is reasonable to think that
time would be well spent to think about how to generate solar
conversion technology from organic building blocks,  or even living
things (microbial fuel cells could generate electricity, and
simultaneously clean water, by processing waste water from humans and

@_date: 2009-02-23 10:47:48
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google to tear down social networking walls 
Michel, I think that the pace of change is going to pick up over the next 5
years as compared to the last 10
Soon, we won't be able to point to any one emerging service or change as a
world-impacting. It will be more like collections (or "ecologies") of
changes. There will be too much for a guy like you to keep up with! (if
there is not already)
There are so many reasons why this is happening that I don't have time to
get into them all right now.
One trend that is emerging is that many people are now actively trying to
use several technologies in the practice of solving problems. And so, field
builders, trend watchers, people involved in futures studies or academic
understanding of what is "happening" will need to also be involved as
observers and participants in what is happening, to really follow it. This
gives a multi-way advantage to everyone involved, in that academics have
more immediate connection to what is happening, and people trying to solve
problems have more immediate connection to academic understanding.
There is a new set of "business"/financial/operating models emerging that
can support this. I can give several examples if people are interested.

@_date: 2009-02-23 20:32:27
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google to tear down social networking walls 
Crazy as it may seem, many traditional organizations are trying to do this.
It is a painful process, usually (probably at least in part due to the
contradictions you mention above)
Yes, I agree. We need less of google doing this, and more of more people
doing more on their own everywhere.

@_date: 2009-02-24 11:11:49
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a thinker of abundance: 
I found you here: I am also working on Open Business Model ideas with Open Source Ecology.
Maybe we can work together on this?
The other thing that I am working on for OSE is a package system for
allowing people to more easily collaborate on open design by sharing designs
digitally, and having a way to report bugs, create multimedia how to
content, track revisions and "bugs" or problems with files,  eventually
create dependencies among different products.

@_date: 2009-02-24 12:42:27
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Request for Open Standards in EC Projects 
An interesting note for US researchers:
There are significant cases where you can find more data, in more widely
re-usable formats, about the *US*, from EU websites, than from US-based
Human rights, pollution data, academic research of different types. There is
US data in EU databases in open standard formats. Hopefully the new admin
will realize this problem and take a que from EU

@_date: 2009-02-27 10:52:08
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] do we need to shift to closed systems again? 
I think it is a real mistake to call these systems "closed".
"Local" is better. I totally agree that we need what he is talking about. I
just think his systems-language is off.
In fact, I think what he is talking about is what Janine Beynus calls "Type
2" and "Type 3" systems.
Our systems are now largely centered around what Beynus calls "Type 1"
ecology, which is part of natural cycles. It is a mass/monoculture system
based on rapid growth. After a damaging forest fire, this is the ecology
that emerges.
In nature, systems tend to move to towards a "permaculture", Shrubs and then
trees grow and establish a more permanent system that is far more self
sustaining. Conversion of sunlight into resources is increased, biodiversity
is increased. Much of the activity happens "locally", but there are larger
regional systems, and even global systems which are affected by the local
system, and vice-versa. This larger regional/global system scale is
something that we tend to ignore, because it's temporal pace is different
than systems that have emerged on human-sense scales. (of course, they are
getting a lot of attention now that climate change is happening).
There is no closed living system, including any human system, in my opinion.
People would be better off understanding the nature of things this way, then
going along thinking that what some people describe as "local" means
"closed". This may seem frivilous. But in my opinion, it is important that
people understand the nature of what they are looking at.

@_date: 2009-02-27 11:12:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google to tear down social networking walls 
I honestly don't know if the road is any more tough than the traditional
routes to success, at least in terms of cost, energy expended.
I am already personally seeing more success as a networked independent who
works with FLOSS than I ever did working for any company. I think that it is
still early for physical production of copylefted design. But, there are
already many people moving in this direction, too.
I can imagine that a role for people literate in Peer to Peer concepts and
practice, to work with people who are now being laid off from dying
industries and outdated jobs are looking for something to turn to, and
commons-based economies are a great fit for many, many people. Many of them
just don't know where to start.
It's my opinion that people who create and sustain commons-based economies
will be able to sustain themselves through the changes that we are now going
through. Commons based economies actually allow growth to shift to areas
that were neglected (like impoverished people, local systems). So, there are
tremendous opportunities right now for people who have a literacy and
practical knowledge in commons-based systems.
One of the components missing a way to make ethics within these systems more
transparent and integral in the basic function of economies. It's my opinion
that commons-based economies will die without addressing and sustain ethical
values for participants.
In short, I think this road is tougher only because we have not yet put
together a practical set of building blocks for people to adopt and grow
from. I think we are getting closer, though. I think we don't have too much
further to go.

@_date: 2009-01-24 00:07:04
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
Dear P2P Research,
After some months working privately with agent based Altruism and
Cooperation models, I am working towards initiating an experiment with with
a small number regional and continental participants in creating a balanced
donation and distribution system.
The system is fairly simple:
Participants list what they need, and fill mutual needs. Each person
maintains a "reputation" that is based on a "thank you" that is received
from the person they have donated to.  A tracking system monitors the
"carrying capacity" of donations. "thank you" assignments to participants
are monitored, and so too are receipts of donations. Optionally, each
participant may also register their own satisfaction with the system as a
Total satisfaction, plus a "thank you" (which is seen in the system as
individual satisfaction with what is donated) compared against satisfactory
receipt of donations (where you "thank" the other person, and thus add to
their rating), and a certain base level of overall needs met,  would then
give feedback to each user, showing that they may need to donate more, or
improve the quality of what they are giving to others, in order to maintain
total "health" of the system.
In the United States, this is my proposal as a route for people to
distribute regulated goods like food items, fuel production/ingredients, etc
in way that is legal, and that avoids "market" exchanges (it is legal to
donate or give items to one another in the fashion proposed above).
As local food systems, and open product design/fabrication activity is
already increasing, myself and others are seeing the above as a plausible
way to pool and share resources. Your thoughts are appreciated.

@_date: 2009-01-24 00:28:21
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
Services seem legitimate to me.
If someone requested donation of services, and you were able to fulfill that
request, and they "thank" you, then this would seem to me to work as well as
material goods.
You would be gifting time/services.
The theory is that people would then be more likely to help you with
whatever it is that you need, because you are consistently good at
participating and keeping the system healthy.
If you were to start participation in this system, you might search for
people who are looking for what you can offer, so that you can build your
reputation in the system. The system should also reward those that give to
those with higher ratings/reputations. This "reward" goes towards your total
reputation, along with "thank yous".
(I copied Tara Hunt on this, on the chance that she is still interested in
this stuff. She was working on a related idea called Spread Love a while
back  )

@_date: 2009-01-24 10:29:21
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
Paolo, thanks for your response.
Is there an existing place to download  source code? If
not, I can easily donate repository space for maintaining this, if you want
(plus issue que, and API).
This is similar to what I am currently doing with
for And we also have  which is issue
que and API
Let me know if you are interested in that, and I am interested in looking at
a copy of your code, for sure. Thanks again!

@_date: 2009-01-24 11:37:37
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
Ps. an important question: what happened to p2paid? Why did the site
activity seem to stop after a while? I beleive it is important to know why
some projects like this succeed and some seem to lose momentum. It looks
like a very noble effort. Any anecdotes you an share are appreciated.

@_date: 2009-01-24 11:46:56
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
So it was a pilot project. Not a project that took off then died. I see,
this makes sense.
Creating a maintained release of the code could help draw more participation
and interest in your project.
I am pretty familiar with Drupal development, and could recreate p2paid.
I was actually looking at a way to eventually allow people to participate in
such a network from their own sites, and that the health of the network is
monitored from the "site" that I create, plus your reputation, etc resides
on the site that I create.

@_date: 2009-01-24 12:10:02
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
I am in the process of creating a US based foundation that will support
these kinds of activities. Once I have that in place, I think it could be
worth thinking about merging with your project. I think that some of the
ideas that I am thinking of could give people in real need a more long term
way to get some help, and become self-sustaining. I think what you are
offering could fit well with what I am about ready to do.
There are also some others around the world that have been interested in
similar ideas, and I will see if they are also interested. Fabio, it is nice
to meet you.
p2paid is a good a name, and your project could very well be expanded with
some of the ideas that i am thinking of.

@_date: 2009-01-24 12:29:18
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
I agree with you about freecycle. Perhaps there is a way to connect existing
freecycle systems with p2paid, as freecycle is a great resource for sharing
surplus. This could take some work, but would be worth thinking about how to
technically integrate.
This is kind of tough, as freecycle is yahoogroups based, which is not very
open. But, there are ways of solving this problem, I think. Important thing
is that freecyclers could enhance activity by being part of a reputation
network. So, perhaps only a small percentage of freecyclers would
participate. But, even a small percentage could be a great contribution. So
the question is, what would make it really easy for a person who
participated in freecycle to simultaneously participate in p2paid?

@_date: 2009-01-24 12:59:03
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
Maybe we should take this discussion off of p2presearch list? If others
desire that, please let us know and we'll do it.
In any case, while it would be optimal to see freecyclers migrate from yahoo
groups to a new system, my experience is that it would be extremely
difficult to get people to do this, at least initially.
The idea that I have is that freecyclers could CC: their post to freecycle
to  an email address that I set up for p2paid, and that they could then have
p2paid alert them in ways of their choosing when people take their offer.
The same could be done with craigslist listings, etc etc. There are ways to
do this now with RESTful API's, and other ways of transferring data between
sites. This is what I was already working on in the system that I have been
creating. What do you think about that?

@_date: 2009-01-24 15:40:52
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
What I am proposing is no currency at all.
It is a way of measuring the health of a system that is recognized as a
More replies follow...
I am actually doing this on a small scale with real people in the near
future, and seeing what emerges.  I have people currently interested in
doing it.
People have been giving things to one another for hundreds of thousands of
People have even created systems for giving to each other ("potlatch" is one
Giving and sharing have been a basic part of human survival since the very
first humans.
The model that I operate with is explicitly not based on high ideals. In
fact, it is based on mostly on actual agent-based models. Particularly, it
is based on an Altruism model descended from the work of R. Axelrod, which
shows success thresholds even when pressure from all factors is high,
provided that cost of "altruism" is low.
The model that I am proposing will appeal to some specific world views. In
particular, those described by CW Graves as "Sacrifice Self for Reward
Later", and "Sacrifice Self So That All May Gain Now".
Human nature is not limited to physiological survival (I assume you are
referring to physiological survival), and "discovery". Bio-Psycho-Social
systems also reveal patterns related to psychological survival, social
sustainability, and prediction/foresight.
There is an unlimited, evolving, exponentially expanding spectrum of
fundamental assumptions of existence associated with human nature that go
beyond base needs, such as survival (as there are significant amounts of
people who are not totally focused on basic physiological survival).
What if people discover that they could meet some of their survival needs by
creating a systematic way to share surplus?

@_date: 2009-01-24 15:52:32
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
What you are working on is interesting, for sure.
How would 5 people go about trying your system right now? Reason that I ask
is that I think I could *find* 5 people interested in trying it, if it is
within their means to participate.

@_date: 2009-01-24 15:56:52
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Currency model (was Re:  Donation Networks) 
At first glance, it appears that your model
 would require 2 way metering  to
exist (except in cases where people are producing portable energy sources,
like biofuels).

@_date: 2009-01-24 17:08:42
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Donation Networks 
Chris, it makes sense.
Actually, your suggestion is a plausible way of creating a pilot project.
Except that in the case of 5 people, or a small amount in close proximity,
they may not even need a currency. They could simply create a multi-way grid
direct wired to one another, perhaps also regulated by some switches/relays
to account for potential overloads in the physical circuits. If all are
producing power rather consistently, they could just meet one anothers
demand with system surplus as needed. Storage could also be used, such as a
battery system to pool energy created.
Maybe it is that Marc's proposed system is really targettd towards scaling
up to several hundred or more participants.
Also, don't forget, Chris, that you need not only proximity, but also a
power grid that is configured for "2 way metering". Without this, there
would be no way to participate. Not to mention that pretty much all existing
grids are heavily regulated. So, any practical project of this nature would
need to work through government and public utility systems.

@_date: 2009-03-01 11:59:42
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] do we need to shift to closed systems again? 
Yes, I mean, I definitely agree with most of what he is saying. It's a point
of contention on language.
I think he is trying to emphasize the shift from global to local. But,
putting the metaphor of "closed" in the minds of people is kind of a step
backwards to me, like thinking that we'll start building walls around our
hamlets, and switch to fuedalism. At least,that is the image that "closed"
invokes in my mind.
I don't think it is going to be like that. Local economies, I mean.
I think there will actually be more connectivity among people who operate in
commons-based economies. Resources will be local.  But,  minds,
communications, governance, information, knowledge, will be open.

@_date: 2009-03-01 12:06:11
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google to tear down social networking walls 
My question:  how can non-government groups of people interested in
fomenting these types of infrastructures locally start to do it?  I believe
that government in many areas of United States will not do these things,
because the nature of governments is too hierarchical, and too connected to
servicing profit/growth systems.
Local, regional, federal governments are more concerned with rescuing
collapsing economies and industries than starting new ones (here in the US).

@_date: 2009-03-01 13:25:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: do we need to shift to 
"A closed system means no material imports, no material waste, and
dependence on solar energy."
This will not be happening in most human systems in our lifetimes, I
contend, and that is my point. It's a dumb picture to paint.
I understand closed loop, open loop, open and closed systems, etc. I have
background in machining, electronics, and complex systems theory
The point that I am making is that people will not stop:
   1. creating material waste
   2. importing materials
But, we may *change* the way that we do 1 and 2 above.
My point of contention is that thinking that people will create "closed
systems" (even closed loop systems) is probably going to turn out to be
What will probably happen with material waste is that it will become *food*
for natural or technological production systems. Some of those natural
and/or tech production systems will not necassarily be local.
I think you might be surprised by what people on these lists understand.

@_date: 2009-03-02 09:16:04
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Money is used by people to obstruct far greater 
Interesting. Clare W Graves ( theorized that money,
laws, and other technologies and patterns associated with civilization
tended to emerge among people who were shifting to a more group-centric
One can argue that the emotion of fear has roots all the way back to the
first vertebrates (comparative neuroanatomy recent findings, could provide
reference if you care). So, all of us vertebrates are evolving ways to
obfuscate fear. The core of our brains (going all the way back to fish)
creates the emotion of "fear".
Money could be included in "ways to obfuscate fear". So, I am not saying you
are wrong, but that there is a little more to it, I believe. One other
factor to consider is what Ross Mayfield calls the "ecosystem of networks"
  that shows that currency
is a system that is instituted (often from the top down) among larger
networks of people.
I don't know the history of every currency, but I believe that most of them
do not come about in a democratized way. So, rulers, governments, etc
thoughout the ages have recognized that a way to mediate their rule in the
larger networks of 1000's + is via a "broadcast" medium. I contend that
government issue currency is an early example of such a broadcast medium.
("Medium" in this case being used in a "Media Ecology" defined context). So,
to consolidate rule, governments issue currencies.

@_date: 2009-03-02 15:03:19
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Money is used by people to obstruct far greater 
I think you are right that money is was invented to obfuscate fears, in
I see things like money as a medium (in the tradition of what McLuhan,
Postman, etc talked about with regard to mediums. A medium being an
extension of humans)
Mediums can cause our neuroendochrine systems to release "drugs" (chemicals)
that are built into our bodies. So, money itself is not the drug, but our
brain associates neuroendochrine releases with it, which are part of
emotianal responses and reactions.
So, I think you are in the right track. Money itself is of course not the
"drug", but it activates drug-like responses within us. So, I am with you on

@_date: 2009-03-02 16:15:08
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Money is used by people to obstruct far greater 
Re: soundbites:
Well, you could do it in reverse: discuss at length with people who are
talking about things in depth, then reflect on that, and use it to craft
soundbites to incite debate.  (unless that is what you are already doing?)

@_date: 2009-03-04 11:27:03
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: do we need to shift to 
You cannot apply engineering systems definitions to humans. That is what I
am saying. Humans and human systems are not machines.
There are no actual closed loops in human systems.
There are actual closed loops in machines.
That is the difference. Think about it.
It's not "prissy"
It's FACT

@_date: 2009-03-04 12:18:15
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: do we need to shift to 
I never contested that this was a real engineering term. Yet, I still think
it is very poorly, and wrongly  applied to local economies/food systems.
My objection is not ideological, it is about the nature of a local economy,
and the way that the author Michel quoted mis-applied "closed" to the
systems that he was talking about (which are different than the system that
you are talking about)
If he is actually talking about closed technical systems, then I agree with
you that this can apply. That is not what I understood him talking about.
The argument about whether there are closed human societies or not in
general is a different argument altogether.

@_date: 2009-03-04 12:29:36
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: do we need to shift to 
Also, just because people talked about things in a certain way, eg:
..does not mean that it reflects the way things are.
  discusses this in "The Structure
of Scientific Revolutions": how paradigms in science come to be.
So, I can accept that it is an existing paradigm to apply "open" and
"closed" to all systems.
  can help you understand that when
people raise objections to existing norms in science, they are not always
coming from a position of ideology, nor ignorance.
Sometimes instead they are coming from a different way of viewing existence.
It is my viewpoint that it is very difficult to apply the label of "closed
system" to many, if not most living systems, that can adapt and change over
time. it is difficult to apply this in accurate ways. I accept that many
people are doing this, I accept that it can be accurate in technical systems
as a description. I accept that it is present in sociology (as in "closed
My position is that I don't see how "closed" applies accurately to living
things which can adapt and change over time, and which affect one another in
non-fixed, complex adaptive ways.
You can explain to me how parts of some system on a certain *scale* may have
a nature which you are calling "closed", and if that system contains living
things, i will show you how on other scales, and/or within the same scale,
it is not "closed". (because, it is complex adaptive)
That is what I am saying, and the above is why I am saying it. Feel free to
ignore me if you disagree :)

@_date: 2009-03-04 12:38:45
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Co-Owned Public Peer Property 
Star a coop with an alternative currency.
Then, the only capital you'll need is what some people call "social

@_date: 2009-03-04 12:50:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: do we need to shift to 
...and if you can pin any "ideology" on me for making these arguments, it
would be the "ideology" of
 as it applies to
When you are talking about human systems, and living systems, it is my
stance that you are talking about
This is important if you are saying "let's change the nature of this system"
Ok, what is the "system" you are trying to change? How does it work? How
will it react to change? I think many of our systems are collapsing now in
part because people imagined that they are linear, and fixed, and so acted
accordingly. Only to find out that the mechanisms they into place collapsed
when these complex adaptive systems...adapted in complex ways over time.
I hope this helps explain what I am getting at.
If not, it may be useful to keep in mind the central theory of
"...science does not progress via a linear accumulation of new knowledge,
but undergoes periodic revolutions, also called "paradigm
(although he did not coin the phrase),
in which the nature of
scientific inquiry within a particular field is abruptly transformed."
...rival paradigms are incommensurable?that is, it is not possible to
understand one paradigm through the conceptual framework and terminology of
another rival paradigm."
You may not understand what I am talking about, because you are thinking
about it through a different "paradigm", a different way of viewing the
If so, is my way fo viewing the world "better"? That is for you to decide.

@_date: 2009-03-04 13:47:02
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Co-Owned Public Peer Property 
No, I was suggesting a plausible way that you might approach creating a coop
without what most people refer to as "capital"
But, I don't think you are interested in starting a coop. It is my belief
that you are interested in helping people to question the way that they view
the world.
Michel is suggesting that you try out your ideas. Your response was that you
don't have the means to try out your ideas. I suggested one way that you
might get the means.
But, instead, I should probably ask you: How would you get the means to try
out what you are talking about? What will it require?
It seems to me that you are suggesting that people might work with you by
deciding to take what they are now recognized as being legal owners of, and
pooling it together into a collectively-owned cooperative-governed system.
I know already that your ideas are sound, as we had this same discussion
last year. There are no holes in what you are putting forward from what I
can tell.
The only thing that you are missing is *people willing to participate),
I am actually suggesting in some circles that we try essentially what you
are talking about with the data that is produced by people, that we all
participate in storing it, and serving it, by donating part of our hard
drive space and computer processing power.
Anyway, seems like you could convince at least a few people to try what you
are talking about. For instance, you might build a machine, then invite
people to co-own the machine, and share in both the upkeep of machine, and
profit made from machine, in some way.
A version of this is what I am proposing for co-working fabrication
This kind of change will probably take several years, I am sorry to tell
you. because, it is so different from what so many are currently doing. So,
the best places to start in my opinion are in areas where people can see an
immediate advantage (like flex fab coworking)

@_date: 2009-03-04 13:57:15
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd:  Google to tear down social networking walls 
Yes, I could be wrong.
I am still skeptical that even Obama admin will address change in open
commons-based ways, for local economies. I am not yet seeing this language
coming out of Obama admin.
But, it is very early.
We have a democratic Governor here in Michigan, who is very closely aligned
with Obama, and they have not been receptive to enabling open commons-based
economies. Although, they of course do at least acknowledge that taxpayer
money is commons, and that social services, and environmental protections,
etc need to flow from that taxpayer money pool.
Anyway, they *may* be receptive to the argument that working in the way that
Michel is proposing could come in at a lower cost, and yield higher returns.
So, I agree that it is worth putting this in front of them.

@_date: 2009-03-04 14:28:33
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: do we need to shift to 
I'm interested in fixing specific problems with available resources, bottom
I think understanding what Thomas Kuhn is talking about will help you do
*exactly* what you say you want to do in the sentence above.
That is fantastic, but for whatever reason, you felt the need to jump in and
correct me.
I did my best to explain to you what I mean and why I mean it. If you think
that it's a waste of time, I can respect that.
If you understand complex adaptive systems, you understand that the only way
that you can change them is on local levels, in bottom up ways.
I have said all that I can say about this, in as a clear a way as I can.

@_date: 2009-03-06 10:03:49
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Business Models 
I worked on this a while ago too:
That is an entire wiki I created devoted to open business models.

@_date: 2009-05-02 10:46:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 21st Century Socialism: Eleven Talking Points 
Your some of your instincts seem right to me.
My point of view, in my own words:
In mass industrial society, people pursued a mass socialism.
In pluralistic complex-adpative free societies, people recognize that all
change begins on local levels, and people are able to recognize how to
operate on *multiple-scales* throughout the systems they are a part of.
People recognize they are a part of a system in the first place.
Cooperation is *voluntary*, not forced or coerced. Laws are recognized for
what they really are: agreements between people, which can be changed, and
in which participants have equal influence.
However, so long as the environments people live in still contains
significant amounts of the previous mass culture paradigms, then it will
still seem necessary to some people to address problems from within the mass
culture problem solving space. Therefore, the fastest way to change is to
work at changing he environment and choices people have available for
solving their problems of existence. Instant eradication of mass culture
problem solving is not realistic. From my perspective, I can only make
*real* choices that are demonstrable alternatives to existing ways of
solving problems.
I submit as proof that people have theorized and innovated for years around
newer ways of solving problems. So, many people respond that the areas
myself and colleagues are working in are "nothing new". The point is not to
create something "new". Yet, the existing ideas never took off, not because
they were not plausible or any good, but because no one ever tried to push
them to the point of being real alternatives to many people within a given
environment. This is what is happening *now*.  Myself and others are
evolving a diverse set of both new and old ideas into viable alternatives
within existing Urban, Suburban and Rural environs.
The point I am trying to make is that sometimes it is more *expedient* and
*effective* to make a new way of living within the existing environment,
where the idea of socialist revolution is more like we need to bulldoze and
build anew, and make everyone go along with it whether they want to or not.
At least that is how I perceive it in my mind.

@_date: 2009-05-02 16:49:37
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A review of Social Media Classroom 
and update to this review is that we now do have hosted version, and we now
allow users to sign up for the community without waiting

@_date: 2009-05-03 09:53:23
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the abundance of art 
Another way to think about this is that Art "precedes" Science, which means
that Art is the "parent" of Science. This is a very old notion.
Yet, Science is the pre-supposed knowledge, the constraint barriers, and
environment out of which Artistic creation attempts to evolve. Art is how
you first try to see beyond existing known science.
So, there is a symbiotic relationship between Art and Science  that is often
un-acknowledged in much of existing academic thinking.

@_date: 2009-05-04 10:29:57
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 21st Century Socialism: Eleven Talking Points 
Herv?  I see what you mean. What you describe is an emerging system. One
that creates whole new infrastructure for basic needs, from food production,
to production of physical goods, to social governance rule systems, and
massively open data streams about all of the dimensions of the envrionments
we live it (social, ecological, economic, etc) This really combines
information and industrial alternative systems into one system.
I spent some time reading through your paper, although I don't totally
understad French, I was able to get an idea of what you are discussing. I
had never heard of ATTAC previously. I can see how this is vital throughout Europe, as energies are better spent
finding intersecting areas of interest, than defining differences, and
socialist movements look to be strongly represented in Europe (but also in
South and Central America, Asia, and small contingents in North America.)
I also wonder if it is plausible that where there is more government
regulations directly on economics, banking, and individual business
practice, agricultural practice, etc: there tends to be more political
socialist activity? That is just a theory. That the pressure and contraints
of over-governing with very little representation often sees political
emregence of more traditional socialist and revolutionary poltical activism.
Meanwhile, supposedly de-regulated markets like the United States see an
extreme of those with the most hoarded money having the most power within
the system. Socialist activism doesn't emerge here so much (there were some
flare-ups in the 1990's), but it is important to note that it *could* if
regulation starts constraining emerging local commons-based economy

@_date: 2009-05-07 08:00:21
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] needed: definition of pervasive gaming 
Michel, that was exactly what I was hoping for. Thanks!
I did find this blog: Looks like they are writing a book. I will also check with people at MIT and
see if the group there is working with pervasive gaming at all
I'll post anything else I find at

@_date: 2009-11-05 15:25:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] your presentation 
Matthew, your presentation was kick ass.   The "interrogability"
concept in particular, as you conveyed it, was really relevant to me.

@_date: 2009-11-07 09:36:41
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] recommender systems lead to monopoly populism 
I don't think that this article argues that the longtail is an
illusion everywhere. I think it shows that the "longest" parts of the
"longtail" are the most difficult to see. A one-person niche doesn't
spread around online like a virus.  I think the article argues that
the "longtail" may be an illusion in places that are trying to foment
a monoculture to drive sales (like Amazon). Actually, Amazon tries to
tie popular monoculture to "niche" sales, by showing "people who
bought this also bought this".
The article talks about how something that is a niche spreads to
become basically more than a "niche"; it becomes "popular".  The model
in the article does not account for how the system may open
exponentially more niches by way of it's affordances. I believe that
the model is useful for understanding what happens when decision
making is affected by recommendation engine feedback loops in
networks, but may not be reflective of the greater ecology of systems
like Amazon.
It does seem, however, to show that when the primary focus is sales of
a product, such as on a system like amazon, that tensions will try to
drive towards monoculture (because the rules of the system are pushing
things in that direction).
It would be interesting to adjust this model to represent a system of
making/using/sharing instead of sales, and see what emerges from

@_date: 2009-11-07 11:55:37
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] IMPORTANT, seven pathways to social power 
I will dig in deeper, but some initial thoughts
One thing that strikes me about "p2p" oriented "social power"  is that
while it makes potentially all power mechanisms available to the
individual, the individual tends to discover that there is a limit to
their individual expression. The individual discovers that there are
cases where expression is enhanced by working in
cooperation/coordination with others. "P2P" affords the individual the
flexibility to adaptively act as an individual, and with others with
little cost to the overall system. Social learning, memory/prediction,
self-selected coordination, and the empowerment of any individual to
connect existing networks, makes this possible.
"P2P" is the first system that can embed exponential potential for
adaptive expression in any given participant. (a metaphor is) that
genes can exponentially adaptively express based on their neighbors.

@_date: 2009-11-07 12:38:36
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] IMPORTANT, seven pathways to social power 
I was really into Spiraldynamics in the past, but I have long ago left it
out of my own communications (usually) because people were finding my
references to it too obscure.
Never the less, I agree that it seems to be really similar to what Clare W
Graves, and later Cowan and Beck, described below.
It seems to make sense (more now than when I first heard of the idea 10
years ago) if one person is empowered to take on multiple roles in a system,
they can potentially adaptively act alone, and/or connect with others as
appropriate. This is *especially* possible when their systems afford both
optimally working with others, *and* what works best for each individual.
Phoebe Moore mentioned to me in a comment on facebook the following:
"(...) we need to talk about what is required at the level of labour (lives)
and work (action) that are going into this paradigm and structure.
Superstructure doesn't disappear when you paradigm-ise (give power to,
through the dominance of ideas) the base."
The abone comment from Phoebe is relevant here, I think. I assume Phoebe is
talking about I believe Phoebe is right that "Superstructure" doesn't disappear. Instead,
I  think that it transforms, and *combines* on different scales, in "p2p"
systems. "Many to many" systems provide a plurality of ways to connect for
each individual. They also provide a way for "inputs" in a system to be
transformed into "outputs", and for the same resource to act as
I'd like to know more about what Phoebe is saying here. If you have time,
maybe you can jump into this, Phoebe?

@_date: 2009-11-07 16:26:21
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
If the mind is a computer, then the heart is a pump with valves.
Uhhh... nevermind...

@_date: 2009-11-08 15:23:16
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
I have to say, J. Andrew Rogers, that a lot of this email is thinly
disguised personal attack. overall, it's also propagandastic, in that
it tries to lead you to a pre-established conclusion.
The question of whether the brain is a computer is ridiculous to the
extreme. The brain performs computation, and so it is a computer. Just
as a living leaf on a plant performs photosynthesis and so is a solar
energy catalyst, the same as photovoltaic cells.
However, unlike the machines made by humans that we call computers and
solar panels, living systems such as humans and trees are far more
than  computers and solar catalysts. Even the leaf itself is more than
just a solar catalyst. I would say that it is more dogmatic to insist
that humans are machines, when there are mountains of evidence to show
that humans are *radically* different than any machine you can name in
at least thousands of ways.
What more could possibly be said on this subject?
On Sun, Nov 8, 2009 at 2:53 PM, J. Andrew Rogers

@_date: 2009-11-08 16:16:49
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
A little furthermore...
Richard Lewontin's "Triple helix: gene, organism, and environment"
explains why all living things are far more than machines/mechanisms.
No machine can match what is explained in triple helix.
When and if machines *do* come to this point, we'll need to come up
with a new name for them. They will no longer be "machines and
computers". This is not religion. it's complex adaptive systems.

@_date: 2009-11-08 16:38:15
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
You are hilarious
On Sun, Nov 8, 2009 at 4:37 PM, J. Andrew Rogers

@_date: 2009-11-08 16:45:45
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
I agree. I definitely will not waste time arguing with you too much.
There is no machine that is as connected on the scale of gene,
organism, environment as any living thing is. machines do not even
Here's the reality:
Living things are complex adaptive systems (on all scales)
machines are machines.
An mite is more human, than any existing (or previously existing)
human created machine is. Can you guess why?

@_date: 2009-11-09 08:30:55
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is open source design inferior 
This mouse could be thrown into the bucket of evidence that the "Long
Tail" is *not* an illusion!  :-D

@_date: 2009-11-09 08:41:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is open source design inferior 
I think the interfaces are a function of the users (sometimes
targetted people who will be using, sometimes those who are using are
are those who are making).
Many of the people who are programming Debian are also using it. They
are using the command line, complex key mappings, scripts that
automate many things, etc. I would venture to guess that many of them
would love to have a mouse like this. Since way back in early 1990's
most people running linux employed 3 button mice. Many gamers also
prefer lots of customizable control like this. I could also see some
graphic designing folks desiring a mouse like this
So, it's a matter of preference, I believe.
I can definitely understand why some people would see it as an
undesireable design. But, this does not mean that it *is* a "bad
design". It's only a bad design for people who are not resonant with
the functionality that is offered.

@_date: 2009-11-09 08:57:45
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
Paul, thanks for reply. Comments follow:
I do understand what Andrew is defining a machine as. What I am
saying, is that he is wroing
You are missing what I am saying here, I think. I am saying that yes
brains compute, bodies contain mechanics, etc.  I said this earlier in
my responses to Andrew.
But, Humans are *more than* machines. Calling a human a machine is
*inaccurate*. That is my position and argument in this discussion.
Humans are **complex adaptive systems**, who's whole is more than the
sum of their parts.
The above description (maybe for the purposes of clarification)
downplays the complex adaptive system part, and focuses on the "it
works like a machine" part. The "it works like a machine" part of the
argument is not the total definition of what a human is.
The mind computes, but is more than a computer. A rock can compute if
you drop it off of a building.
I also have a computational view of reality, insofar as there is lots
of apparent evidence that algorithmic interaction appears to happen on
may scales throughout the universe that we can detect.
I think that Andrew could just drop the need to get all of us to agree
that minds are computers and humans are machines, and get on with
telling us why he thinks this is important already. I do agree that
minds compute, and that should be enough.

@_date: 2009-11-09 10:09:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is open source design inferior 
I think this is definitely the case when comparing Debian to Ubuntu,
for instance. It usually does take a company-style structure and
intensive iterative labor over time to simplify user interfaces.
Although, I don't think that it's a safe assumption that it is
*required* to have a capitalized company behind simple user interface
It's not that open source design is "inferior" so much as it is
foundational. The building blocks exist to build up open source design
into simpler and more usable interfaces. So far, only capitalized
companies have stepped forward to improve usability of interfaces. I
think this could change, though. The more that people who are engaged
in designing interfaces start to employ pooling of their work into
commons, the more we'll see this as a component of open source
production ecologies, I think.

@_date: 2009-11-09 11:10:44
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is open source design inferior 
Well, those are reasonable criticisms for sure.
There are new people entering the realm of using FLOSS, and I think
some of these may provide a pathway towards what I am discussing. I
don't think they'll change anyone who isn't ready to be changed,
though, so you make a great set of points. :-D

@_date: 2009-11-11 16:03:43
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
You are missing the one main point that I have made over, and over, and over.
It's very simple.
It is 100% irrelevant that the brain does computation (and my 2nd
message in this thread states that it does). It 100% irrelevant that
biological organisms have functions that can be technical defined as
Why is it 100% irrelevant, you ask? Because biological entities are
*MORE THAN MACHINES*
That is my point.
Although, I take it that the argument that you and Andrew are making
is that what I am calling "more than a machine" is what you are
calling "machine".
So, that makes this argument a colossal waste of my time, since it is
apparently semantics that has insisting that I call complex adaptive
systems "machines".
I will have to respectfully disagree with you. But, at least I know
what the hell you are talking about now (at least I think I do)

@_date: 2009-11-11 16:10:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
Are you attempting to state here that the abstract concept that you
are defining as a "machine" is the same thing as what I am defining as
"complex adaptive system"?
If not, what do you see as being different, when comparing "complex
adaptive system" as an abstract concept, and "machine" as abstract

@_date: 2009-11-11 17:12:43
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] typology of agri-food cooperation 
I think that what I will need to do is figure out how to work these
blogging requests into work that we are already doing as "forward
foundation". So, this means that it could take me longer, but that I
could figure out some way to create a report per roughly 2 weeks that
is usable both as P2P found blog post, plus research work for forward
found for research topic areas. Let me discuss with Paul and Rick.
This way, we can make the work that we are already doing work with P2P
found, and take advantage of the great materials/issues you are always
scanning and queuing. This could create an environmental scanning
analysis usable by both p2p found and forward found. We'd blog in p2p
found blog, then aggregate at forward found site (and probably also in
a forward found online open repostory/archive)
What do you think about that?

@_date: 2009-11-12 09:14:57
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] invitatin for online interview for riga 
Paul and Sam are interested, but imagine that we are quite far away in
comparison to others who might be interested (we're based in the US)
(I am working now on a design for small, very quiet cylindrical wind
turbines, in fact)

@_date: 2009-11-12 10:54:59
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
Currently, I am just trying to compare what Eugen is defining as a
"machine", to a concept that has a set of systemic assertions already
("complex adaptive system").
Let's use John Holland's definition of complex adaptive system here:
"A Complex Adaptive System (CAS) is a dynamic network of many agents
(which may represent cells, species, individuals, firms, nations)
acting in parallel, constantly acting and reacting to what the other
agents are doing. The control of a CAS tends to be highly dispersed
and decentralized. If there is to be any coherent behavior in the
system, it has to arise from competition and cooperation among the
agents themselves. The overall behavior of the system is the result of
a huge number of decisions made every moment by many individual
agents. (Complexity: the emerging science at the edge of order and
chaos." Harmondsworth [Eng.]: Penguin. 1994. ISBN 0-14-017968-2 )
Again my argument is that a human being (including mind, body etc) is
accurately described as a "complex adaptive system". My argument is
ALSO that a human being is NOT accurately described as a "machine",
since all definitions of a "machine" (abstract concept, or otherwise)
do not describe accurately the nature of humans, which I argue is at
least more accurately described by way of the label "complex adaptive
We can get to the arguments once we have even defined what Eugen is
calling a "machine". It's not enough that Andrew and Eugen play the
game of telling us we could just google what they are talking about. I
agree with Ryan Lanham here, that if we want to have a meaningful
discussion, tell us what you mean by "machine". Something useful may
actually come of the discussion, if you are willing to dissect the
language, and why you disagree with me, why I disagree with you, etc.
I have already asserted that a brain/mind system is *more than a
machine*. "More than" is the important part of my assertion here. If
Eugen and Andrew want to further argue why the brain is not more than
a "machine" I am willing to read and understand their arguments. I
think that I've made a clear argument already. For any available
definition of what a "machine" is, the brain proves to be more than
those definitions.
Complex systems theory contains testable assumptions about machines
and living things. Complex systems theory defines machines (even
abstract concept of machines) as "complicated" NOT "complex:
"What is complex and how does it differ from the merely complicated?
The most elaborate mechanical watches are called tr?s compliqu?. They
are, as their French name implies, complicated. A Star Caliber Patek
Phillipe has 103 pieces. A Boeing 747-400 has, excluding fasteners,
3x106 parts. In complicated systems parts have to work in unison to
accomplish a function. One key defect (in one of the many critical
parts) brings the entire system to a halt. This is why redundancy is
built into designs when system failure is not an option (e.g. a
nuclear submarine).
The stock market, a termite colony, cities, or the human brain, are
complex. The number of parts, e.g. the number of termites in a colony,
is not the critical issue. The key characteristic is adaptability. The
systems respond to external conditions. A food source is obstructed
and an ant colony finds a way to go around the object; a few species
become extinct and ecosystems manage to adapt.
The boundary between simple and "complex" is subtle. It takes little
for a simple system to become anything but simple. A forced pendulum -
with gravity being a periodic function of time - is chaotic. In fact
one can argue that the driven pendulum contains everything that one
needs to know about chaos; the entire dynamical systems textbook by
Baker and Gollub (1990) is built around this theme. A double pendulum
- a pendulum hanging from another pendulum - is also chaotic. And it
does not take much to make billiards chaotic. The trajectories of a
hard sphere in circle are regular but in a stadium - a rectangle with
two opposing sides being semicircles - are chaotic."
Important points to remember about what I am saying here
1. The abstract concept of "machine" that Eugen is pushing (insofar as
I can understand it) has a NATURE that is different from those systems
that *contains* Gene/Organsm/Environment
2. argument 1 above IS testable NOW (provided that you have a
definition of what "machine" is. I am using the common definition of
the abstract concept [not the colloquial "machne"] )
3. This is the argument  I have been making the entire time (although
I see Ryan's point that if we are just throwing around terms, and will
not go to the trouble of precisely defining them we might as well just
shut up)
So, I have precisely defined what I am talking about here.  I think
it's the responsibility of Eugen and Andrew to precisely define and
source if necessary what they are referring to as "machine""
otherwise, indeed this discussion is a waste of time.

@_date: 2009-11-13 08:27:46
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open source communications tool for disabled 
Wow, his output is still really good:
That astounding. Thanks, Kevin!

@_date: 2009-11-13 08:52:32
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On General Labor and Socially Created Value 
Here's a few things I have been thinking about lately in relation to this:
1. Suitable licenses: Going through the process of developing an open
source aquaponic system now, I wonder if Creative Commons BY-SA
license is appropriate enough of a declaration for an entire
hardware/software/information distribution?
2. Findability: People should have a way to find release open licensed
hardware. If creative commons is enough, this problem is actually
largely solved (we'd just need a spidering system and a dedicated
search engine)
3. simple open standards for the package itself: all of the info, bill
of materials, etc could use some simple web-based standards. this is
probably going to take some time. If BOM had some simple standards,
they could hook into networks of producers when it comes time to
Just some thoughts. Others may have discussed this elsewhere, but
there's no concise movement to address any of this that I know of.
On Fri, Nov 13, 2009 at 12:01 AM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2009-11-13 09:18:43
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
Hi Ryan,
Complex systems theory is a post-human-centric viewpoint, meaning that
it focuses on the nature of the system. The properties of the system
are more important than whether it is human or not.
The core property (the moment of complexity):
"...what a system does by virtue of its relationship to its environment"
 though not a complexity
theorist himself, per se, gave a thorough picture of how this works
with living things. He also explains why this prevents us from
programming genes like a computer in the same book.
On each scale, from micro, to macro, "...what a system does by virtue
of its relationship to its environment" results in multi-scalar
emergent behavior. What you see as a "human" is now the result of
millions of these evolutionary relationships (what I referred to
earlier as "connections"). They are emergent connections.
It is possible to *model* emergence with computers. People have been
doing this for years
It is NOT possible to PROGRAM emergence.
This means that it is possible to program complicated behavior (like
the behavior of machines of any type), but not complex behavior (like
the behavior of emergent systems like ants, stockmarkets, and
Emergence is the result of simple rules and functions on many scales
*interacting* and leading to complex behavior (not complicated
I hope this helps.

@_date: 2009-11-13 10:23:39
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
Hey Ryan, this is turning out to be an awesome discussion for sure.
Learning much from you, anyway.
I think if you are looking to be reductionist, then the mechanism that
you want to reduce to in complex adaptive systems is the *system*, not
it's parts. A classic trope from complexity theory is that "the system
is more than the sum of it's parts".
The whole observable system is the "mechanism".
I don't think that what Eugen and J. Andrew are talking about is
actually very far off from what I am talking about. I disagree with
the way they characterize some proposed outcomes, and I propose that
what they are hoping to see arise from "machines" is more accurately
found in complex adaptive systems and emergent structures. All of
that, plus my original point that while the brain may compute, 'tis
more than computer!  :-D

@_date: 2009-11-13 11:27:23
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] help please - open source hardware bottlenecks 
Is there a co-editable table online somewhere?
I was talking with Paul the other day about why OpenMoko may have
failed. I think the problem with OpenMoko may have been the attempt to
mix conflicting models
Open source hardware may be a poor vehicle for short term, quick ROI
venture capital. I think it is, so that is my opinion. I thunk
OpenMoko sought that short term quick ROI venture capital, but since
there are no guarantees with Open Hardware, then this may have scared
off those investors.
It's my opinion that Open Hardware is better matched with long term,
stable, self-sustaining growth. A support service organization can
help steward this, and interact with the companies that do the
development. I think this could be bolstered by people actually doing
the legwork of seeking out qualified companies and participants. Plus,
supporting the open source output with some form of not for profit

@_date: 2009-11-13 11:31:14
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] help please - open source hardware bottlenecks 
Ps. there are more possibilities/potential forms of wealth generation
by keeping the designs open. The benefits may actually outweigh the
risks there.

@_date: 2009-11-14 10:35:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Free Software and Digital Inclusion in Brazil 
I wonder if Brazil would be interested in taking even 1/16th of what
this would have cost from Micosoft and investing in development of
F/LOSS for flex fab, food production, agro-eco-systems management, and
ecologies of collaboration, and open education?
It could be that China has a similar deployment, but possibly not as large.

@_date: 2009-11-19 10:11:00
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Carbon trading - stage one 
On Wed, Nov 18, 2009 at 12:24 AM, J. Andrew Rogers
To be fair, it would not be that difficult to create a low cost algae
sequestering system for individual use. There's a business opportunity
right there (if the governments of the world allowed individuals to
sell this capacity).
However, I think carbon trading is the wrong approach altogether. If
it is clear that we should be emitting less Carbon Dioxide, then
larger businesses and governments should be looking at how to change
the systems that entities are using. It seems logical that this would
more rapidly decrease emissions than offsets, and trading. I suppose I
could be wrong about that. Carbon trading looks more and more like a
shell game to me...

@_date: 2009-11-21 12:52:42
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Time elapse to the Unemployment Economy 
An interesting view:
What if we also had a view like this of emerging networks of collaborators?

@_date: 2009-11-21 14:34:20
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Time elapse to the Unemployment Economy 
Well, p2p foundation for sure. But, even more, to see a similar rise
over time of people working on various commons and open collab
projects. I think there is a connection worth thinking about between a
rise in unemployment and the rise of cooperation and collaboration of
smaller groups.

@_date: 2009-11-25 10:29:30
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the wikipedia decline 
I never knew about this debate. Maybe you can expand, and we can get
Paul to explain, too? We could revisit this in the coming months, as I
want to go over with Paul how he went about doing some research on
wikipedia. It'd be publishable as a blog post on P2P found blog for
sure (and Forward Foundation blog)

@_date: 2009-11-25 19:48:00
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
On Wed, Nov 25, 2009 at 2:41 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
The discussion of prison guard unions is only part of the picture. The
strongest prison expansion lobby is likely to be corporations that
build and manage many of these prisons. Private run prisons are some
of the most lucrative businesses in America. (at least, Corrections
Corp of America, largest corp managing prisons, is ding really well
Prison guard unions may be lobbying for long terms, but the private
corps are right there with 'em
Found this too

@_date: 2009-11-28 01:48:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Again on mailing lists, 
Hey Michel
there is actually a setting in gmail that will direct the editor to
use plain text instead of rich text, which will then expose into your
editor the entire reply, plus include the ">" for quoted content.
This has been an interesting thread for me to read, as I have my inbox
programmed to send all of Marco's emails straight to my trash file in
gmail. So, I only see all of everyone else's replies to Marco. I set
this up over a year ago. It's interesting that even though I have
Marco's email filtered, that the amount of his protests about the
nature of the activity on this email list still bleed through.
I have decided to "filter on the way out", instead of asking all of
you to "filter on the way in".
What this means is that instead of trying to make everyone do things
the way that I think they should do them in the digital medium, I
accept everything. Then, I ask my machine, or the machines that I am
using by proxy to do the work of making the content usable and
digestable by me. This places the burden on machines instead of on
people, and it really works well. When I get tired of reading certain
people's emails, I just tell gmail to stop putting them in front me!
David Weinberger was right: "filter on the way out, not on the way
in". The power of filtering your own email is but one example.

@_date: 2009-11-28 11:11:35
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fun with email 
Oh no! You're right, this is exactly what will happen. Whatever was I thinking?
I frequently read many people that disregard form on this list. It is
my opinion that what they have to say is far more important than the
form of their email.
And, even if I *did* have a problem with the way they post, because I
have respect for them as people, I would refrain from being an
insulting douche bag about it. But, this is because I deem those
people worthy of my respect. If others do not, I can understand. Just
some food for thought...
My email programs happily trash any email from an specific email
address that I tell them to. So, turing-complete problem or not, I'm
all good! :-D
Maybe I could call it "Everything Is Ignorable"?

@_date: 2009-11-28 21:44:53
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Incidentally: This whole problem is in part the premise of Google
Wave, in that it makes it easier to co-build threaded discussion over
time (which is itself co-editable into actual documents).
I am working now on a bot that can uniformly archive/sync and store
independently of Wave.
Might eventually be worth thinking about a future migration to either
Wave, or open source software such as wagn, or other tools that can do
both threaded and co-editable discussion (once developments allow for
alerting people in some useful way across networks about relevant
content, perhaps).

@_date: 2009-11-28 22:41:09
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Pooled Fund Project update 
This is a partnership between Future Forward Institute and Open Kollab
This page is mirrored manually on these two wikis:
Forward Foundation: Forward foundation: Notes on call Nov 28 2009
Suresh Fernando, Steve Bosserman, Sam Rose, Paul B Hartzog
Pooled Fund Project Profile template is completed and ready to use on
By Dec 20 2009
1. We profile networked projects so that Suresh and OpenKollab can
leverage those profiles to move on to next stage in creating pooled
2. Sam works with Steve Bosserman and Greg Bolous to create a more
detailed view/assessment of local ecologies/economies for NEO, Athens,
Ohio, and Pittsburgh, PA. this detailed view will include suggestions
for where investment of all types would currently be most effective,
and will analyze/project the impact of commons-based and open systems.
3. Forward Foundation, Future Forward Institute, Open Kollab, P2P
Foundation will collaborate on creating an ongoing research and
development framework that capitalizes on all partner's current
activities. Other partners will be welcome as well if their work is
relevant immediately. These entities will partner on carrying out
rollout strategy, which will be in place by Dec 20 2009, and targetted
for a first iteration of Jan 20 2009, and monthly thereafter.  All
work shall be done in the open when legally possible (ie on openly
readable websites). All content and output shall be released under a
CC BY-SA license or equivalent. By participating in this project you
agree to these terms.
4. Periodically (at minimum bi-weekly) we shall update: Forward
Foundation wagn, at least one Forward Foundation blog post, p2p
foundation list and blog,
(list other target update networks here).

@_date: 2009-11-28 23:05:21
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Post-Depression first: Americans get more money 
Personally, it is enough for me that google has an api that allows me
to sync and store wave data outside of wave for re-use anywhere. But,
I can see why people who cannot program that might not want to get
involved with google apps. I'd actually rather support an open source
application like wagn, or xmpp based collaborative threads or
documents. Perhaps in the coming year we'll have a chance to make
something like this?

@_date: 2009-11-29 13:01:55
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Pooled Fund Project update 
Hey Ryan,
Right now this is a focused partnership betwen openkollab, forward
foundation, p2p foundation, Greg Bolous and Steve Bosserman. We will
have more refined contracts as we continue to work on this. For now,
we need to profile what the opportunities are.
Working in the open has indeed resulted in P2P org dev. Barcampbank,
and   are some early
examples that I have participated in
Thanks! Your feedback is certainly appreciated!

@_date: 2009-11-29 13:12:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Pooled Fund Project update 
Thanks, Greg!
The structure is pruposefully somewhat generic for now (a simple
social contract that we open license all IP produced as a by product
of this work). As we connect with more committers and stakeholders,
we'll continue to flesh it out.
To everyone: I plan on meeting with Greg and Steve in the next 2-3
weeks, and coordinating with Suresh and interested P2P foundation
folks, based on that meeting.

@_date: 2009-10-10 08:59:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Metacurrency 
Gerry, I am interested in the metacurrency event. My own interest lies
in creating a set of simple open standards around alternative
currencies. My interest is that these simple standards be adoptable
across many different web applications.
Everyone keeps pointing me to the metacurrency project, and I keep
repeating that metacurrency project does not have any published simple
standard that I can adopt. They do have examples, but they are not
complete, and do not constitute a replicable body of work. Plus, in my
opinion, metacurrency approach is overly complicated.
I also see something missing from metacurrency.org, and that is that
"currency" can depend on the ecology/medium. This is different than
traditional currency, and allows "money" to be tied to what is being
exchanged within the system.
I talked with Paul Hartzog in Ann Arbor about something similar recently:
The idea that the medium of activity dictates the "currency". Paul
uses the example of bittorrent: For users of bittorrent, the currency
of exchange is literally the "bit". You have to upload to download,
and you can upload more now, which will let you download more later
(thus creating a surplus within the whole system). These types of
exchanges are not "market" exchanges, like buying and selling. They
are commons-based exchanges, where participants have feedback about
how they are taking from and contributing to the common-pool resource
of bandwidth in the bittorrent system... Read More
There are also similar commons-based webs of exchanges between people
and natural systems that can follow a "code", and the "code" need not
be like a script on a computer.
Instead it can be more like an agent based model, where you follow
simple rules about how you act within a system. Achievement of
creating a balance between yourself and the system will usually
consist of what you take from system, and what you put back in.
The argument that Paul and I make is that you can also look at your
yourself as a fractal micro-cosm of the larger system you are a part
of. You can look at where you are getting inputs from, and where your
outputs go to. What you take in can be from the "waste" of someone
else ("waste equals food"), what you output could be the basis of raw
... Read Morematerial for other's "input". These are the simple rules,
the "code" for what I call a "wealth generating ecology" (wealth =
other kinds of wealth beyond just money) a system that can generate
surplus consistently even for one person, and can exponentially
generate surplus as more people enter the system. The catch is that
most of the resources end up being voluntarily or systematically
co-managed as a "commons": a resource that everyone who uses
recognizes as something that no one user fully owns, and so must be
co-governed somehow by users. (resource is not just physical object,
can be the combined time and attention of people, etc)
(Gerry: copied this to p2p research list, I feel that people there
would be interested in this exchange. I clipped off your personal
notes to me)

@_date: 2009-10-10 09:00:46
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Everything: A Global Conversation about the 
I was not even aware of this :)
Ryan, are you in Michigan?

@_date: 2009-10-10 10:00:52
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Autonomo.us] ESR complains about "forge" lock-in 
*if* you are using distributed revision control (ie GIT, Mercirual,
DARCS) this is not an issue. Because, you would "push" from the repo
on your local computer, and you can set up scripts to pull or clone
and copy to your own machines and computers
I can develop FLOWS locally on my own machine here:
  and push
changes to what amounts to a public mirror of the code here
Mercurial distributed revision control keeps track of everything. So,
in this case, I could host code at
 then push
changes to *all* of the hosting sites (bit bucket, code google, etc,
anyone that supports mercurial), but if they all went down tomorrow,
it wouldn't matter, as long as I automate the updating of
  I would
have something that is at least close to what would be on the hosting
Distributed revision control effectively stops hosting sites from
being data jails of the code. Maybe they are data jails of issues,
documentation, etc. But, you don't have to use them for that!  We use
 for instance, not
code google We'll also host our own issue tracking (we will likely use
bugs everywhere a distribted issue reporting) and not use google for
this same reason  right now,
even docs could be part of mercurial repo, which means docs will live
with copies of code and be locally branchable and changeable and
re-mergable). There is even already an interface that makes this
possible via  which will write documentation
straight to a mercurial repository.
counterpoints I have heard from people include that they are worried
that *I* will disappear, and then hope that the open source project
will be able to continue without me, and so should be hosted in a
public place and not just my servers.  Also, many want the code in
public servers for the visibility they provide, and they are trying to
attract people to the project.
I am personally agnostic to the whole debate. The problem is 100%
solved for me with distributed revision control, distributed
documentation, distributed bug tracking (all of which are possible
He's right about source forge being an evolutionary dead end
Yet, I think much of the issue has already been solved with
distributed infrastructure.
A "source forge" site could basically just be a mirror
code/docs/issues, and/or even better yet, an *aggregator* of projects
in the future (this is 100% possible now)
All of that being said, if the writer of the blog posts referenced
above succeeds at his mission, I will applaud him, as there are
probably always going to be some people who reject the distributed
development path and therefore will need services like this.
I just want to make clear that there is already a solution, and it
could even be employed by people who want full control over their
"official release".

@_date: 2009-10-10 13:11:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Autonomo.us] ESR complains about "forge" lock-in 
I should have written that I will do this as soon as I have a chance.

@_date: 2009-10-12 09:30:44
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
Dante, I like your style, but I have a few counterpoints to some of this.
On Mon, Oct 12, 2009 at 6:52 AM, Dante-Gabryell Monson
I think these are good questions. I'd also like to add: *Why* are you
doing this work? Are you doing it for the pay?
What people are doing is important. Why they are doing what they are
doing is vital to understanding the system they see themselves as
being part of.
If machines do the work that we do now, we'll  turn our attentions to
new types of work (maybe figuring out how to turn all of mass around
us into computers and digital storage). Or, a dystopian outcome is:
freed up from the need to labor for survival, we turn on each
At least here in the US, there is enough work for at least 40 years
just re-making the education system :-) Wait until experience some
more collapses of globalized infrastructure. There's enough work for
every human on the planet in recreating our artificially globalized
infrastructure into networks of local systems
My approach is to convince them to try something really, really
different, and get them to fund that. It's up to you how you ask to be
funded. You can ask for money, or you could ask for them to give you a
piece of land, and enough materials to build a structure on it. etc
I think that "spectrum" could be intepreted by some people as meaning
"from one extreme to another". A finite range, with linear progression
from one end to another. And so, the inevitble question becomes "where
you you on this spectrum?"
What if I get payed to produce things that people do not pay for?
Where do I fit on this spectrum? Where on the spectrum is the model of
convincing people who rely on enclosed resources to invest in creating
common pool resources that they participate in co-managing and using?
This is a picture of what I do.
I want to advocate that there are more possibilities than may be
apparent if you view the picture through a "spectrum" of
possibilities. The actual nature of the system is non-linear, and so
it is not easy to see it through a linear lens.

@_date: 2009-10-12 11:09:06
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
Actually, my reply was not about you at all. 100% definitely was not
about you. But, was 100% about the model of spectrums that you were
proposing that we use.
On Mon, Oct 12, 2009 at 10:47 AM, Dante-Gabryell Monson

@_date: 2009-10-12 11:34:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Ostrom wins Nobel! 
This ought to make your day, Paul:
Two American economists, Elinor Ostrom and Oliver Williamson, who
study the way decisions are made outside the markets on which many
other economists focus, were awarded the Nobel Prize in economics
Ms. Ostrom, who teaches at Indiana University in Bloomington, Ind., is
the first woman to win the prize, which, before Monday, had been
awarded to 62 men since it was launched in 1969 to celebrate the 300th
anniversary of the Swedish central bank. The judges cited "her
analysis of economic governance, especially the commons," the way in
which natural resources are managed as shared resources. It is an area
of research that she said was relevant to questions surrounding global
warming, and suggests that decisions by individuals can help solve the
problem even as governments work to reach an international agreement.

@_date: 2009-10-12 17:15:27
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
Yes, I can see how that could have come across to you as "you" :-)
Sorry about that
The important parts I was trying to interject were:
I think that "spectrum" could be intepreted by some people as meaning
"from one extreme to another". A finite range, with linear progression
from one end to another. And so, the inevitble question becomes "where
you you on this spectrum?"
What if I get payed to produce things that people do not pay for?
Where do I fit on this spectrum? Where on the spectrum is the model of
convincing people who rely on enclosed resources to invest in creating
common pool resources that they participate in co-managing and using?
This is a picture of what I do.
I want to advocate that there are more possibilities than may be
apparent if you view the picture through a "spectrum" of
possibilities. The actual nature of the system is non-linear, and so
it is not easy to see it through a linear lens.
It is less like this:
extreme < -----------> extreme
more like this:
Other point:
What people are doing is important. Why people are doing what they are
doing is even more important. Understand why people are doing what
they are doing, and you can start to see through their worldview a
little. And, it means you can see how they see the ecologies and
economies they perceive that they are participating in.
On Mon, Oct 12, 2009 at 4:54 PM, Dante-Gabryell Monson

@_date: 2009-10-12 17:56:07
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
"Spectrum" is infinite variation within continuum. (
 )
Complex systems theory shows us that the types of systems that Dante
was describing generally do not lend themselves well at all to being
viewed as a line.
The real nature of the types of systems that Dante was describing is
"non-linear". Non-linear systems are better viewed in non-linear ways
if you really want to glean useful information from data about them.
What say you of "market cultures" that are configured around
commons-based resources?
Again, using me as an example:
How does it fit for you that people would pay me government currency
to create software and hardware that are given away for others to use
for free?
Why do they do it? Why do I do it? Will it be the same everywhere,
everytime someone does something like this? (it won't)
How does it fit that people would pay me to do this, yet agree to give
away the product of my labor for free?
The idea that anyone who looks like, or is, solving problems by way of
"market culture" is automatically resembling descriptions above isn't
seem to be playing out in reality. In reality, people are solving some
problems with "market culture"-based approaches, and mixing this with
emerging, new approaches. People are transitioning towards
If we do see this, I can guarantee to you that we will never get to
this transformation without transitioning towards it.
What we are doing now, is transitioning towards it.

@_date: 2009-10-12 18:14:35
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: VW's open and transparent Factory in 
So, I was not really trying to chastise Dante, but really just
advocating that people think about using complex systems theory models
to look at the systems we are talking about, and what is actually
happening in systems now, and now, and now (or whatever now you choose
to look at)
I realize that we are all actually looking at this from what amounts
to very different perspectives.
I think Dante is right on about the factors. But, I was mostly
suggesting that it is the model through which the factors are viewed
that could be changed. I am advocating for a non-linear model.
Rather than infinite pontential single positions within a continuum
line, any given person or other complex adaptive system will tend to
have up to infinite potential positions across a potentially infinite
field, who's focus is fixed on an identifiable point. All of these
positions can also change over time, too, depending on the nature of
the system. By looking at information about a complex system graphed
this way, you can see emergent patterns, and the inherent patterns can
help you think about how to further analyze the information about the
system. This can help you create models of assumptions about the
"simple rules", the dynamics on local scales that lead to emergent
complex adaptive nature of the system you are looking at.

@_date: 2009-10-12 18:27:32
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Makers 
Cool, thanks Kevin. Looking forward to your review
On Mon, Oct 12, 2009 at 6:17 PM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2009-10-12 19:15:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Metacurrency 
This model is applicable now. Over time, you may reach a point where a
financial commons is no longer required. In some parts of human
problem solving,  a financial commons is not required even now.
There are more issues than just economic/financial in relation to
commons. First and foremost, commons must be recognized as such by
humans who are connected with it. If people cannot recognize a
resource as a commons, then they will tend to manage it in a way that
is different from those methods of commons governance recognized by
Elinor Ostrum and others doing similar work.
People may simply lack the literacy of what a commons is, or may be
operating with a worldview that is opposed to participating in the
management of resources in commons-based ways. or, in some cases (like
land for instance) there is a legal enforcement that prevents it from
being recognized as a commons
Land may be one of the last resources to widely transition away from
being widely enclosed.
I think the starting place, the place to begin (to transition towards
tranformation) is where we are at now. Marshall McLuhan knew this:
"Persons grouped around a fire or candle for warmth or light are less
able to pursue independent thoughts, or even tasks, than people
supplied with electric light. In the same way, the social and
educational patterns latent in automation are those of self-employment
and artistic autonomy. "
If we can help people (anywhere in the world) meet basic survival
needs in commons and P2P ways, then we can create a pathway for more
advanced evolution.

@_date: 2009-10-13 23:03:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] All Money is Fantasy 
I agree Kevin.
Related to this, is the idea that open currencies can be used for
exchanges that might not be directly related to just labor, like
exchanges of resources in local food systems. That would combine labor
plus energy that is temporarily stored in the productive output of

@_date: 2009-10-14 14:33:38
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Autonomo.us] ESR complains about "forge" lock-in 
Maybe we can merge yours and mine and post the whole thing to p2p blog also ?

@_date: 2009-10-15 21:09:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Metacurrency 
Thanks Arthur, Gerry,
I have actually downloaded the flowplace release and tried to
familiarize myself with it
My criticism was not that you don't follow a bittorrent model per se.
My messages about this originated with me proposing on p2presearch
list that myself and others might create a draft of an open standard
for a distributed digital currency.  People immediately replied and
suggested that I look at flowplace and metacurrency.org. I did take a
look at both, and I think your concepts are sound, and I support the
direction you are going with your software. But the thing that I guess
was "missing" for me was an actual open standard for distributed
digital currency. And/or a recipe for combining open standards that is
easily replicable.
My criticism could be wrong. It could be that you actually *do* have
this, and that I somehow missed it.
If you don't, it doesn't really diminish the value of either
flowplace, nor the metacurrency.org vision. Yet, it still leaves me at
square one with what I am interested in doing, which is more along the
lines of something like  than in
creating a suite of tools for managing alternative currency. I may
very well just go ahead and work with opencoin, and extend it, since
it is closest to what I am thinking about
The reason *why* I'm interested in open coin is that I am looking for
something that I can adapt to existing web applications, sites, online
communities, etc. Something that is more agnostic to the platform that
you are using.
I could not see a similar portable metadata protocol in
flowplace/metacurrency. Please do correct me if I am off track here.
Hopefully this helps to clear up what I've been communicating in these
various channels in response to people suggesting that I connect with
metacurrency project
All of that being said I definitely applaud and support metacurrency
project, and it's goals, etc.

@_date: 2009-10-16 00:50:00
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Metacurrency 
I'd be inclined to see how metacurrency folk reply, because then i
could potentially just skip the debate and blog about what they are
doing/potentials/possibilities of metacurrency if it turns out that I
was wrong
Otherwise, sure, I can blog about this in a measured way (I don't want
to slam metacurrency of course).
On Fri, Oct 16, 2009 at 12:30 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-10-16 17:07:15
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New Wi-Fi Direct Gets Peer-to-Peer Connections - 
If it were possible to tie open mesh network protocol to the major
needs of people already working in the energy, food, environment,
education and social justice areas, this could potentially lead to the
emergence of a design commons around this technology. The key, that I
can see, is introducing the technology in a way that is driven by
existing needs, and an understanding on stakeholder's part of
potential opportunities.
People will need to know what resources (time, money, etc) are needed
to make the new resource possible, and will need commitments from
capable maintainers (assuming the system would not be immediately
self-reliant in it's early iterations). Plus, a limited targeted scope
(people in a specific region who can work together to maximize use of
the resource, either on problems they are already trying to solve, or
creating new opportunities enabled by the new mesh net resource).
On Fri, Oct 16, 2009 at 1:34 PM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2009-10-17 16:27:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Autonomo.us] ESR complains about "forge" lock-in 
Mako, let me know if you have any material already on this?

@_date: 2009-10-20 21:44:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Where what we are calling "P2P" begins to resemble and function like
an ideology, the culture attracted will begin to disaggregate. What
will be left is an ideology that is fundamentally not what we are
calling "P2P'.
On Tue, Oct 20, 2009 at 9:57 AM, Matt Cooperrider

@_date: 2009-10-20 21:57:47
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Think about the nature of of online systems like wikipedia, when dogma
begins to rule, or open source software cultures that begin to take on
an ideological direction (we talked about this at Political Economies
of Peer production back in 2007)
When ideological-driven thinking emerges, the nature of the system
starts to favor exclusion over inclusion. This begins to erode the
"commons" that is the participatory culture of the system. The system
is now changing from one state to another, from a "p2p" state to a
system that is ruled by a few.
Luckily, the affordances of commons based systems tend to be able to
survive this co-optation, people have the ability to leave and reform
elsewhere (although forking is not often exercised in the case of
wikipedia). Particularly within the last 2-3 years, when commons
consist of mostly digital content, it has become quite trivial to
expand space, and re-boot the system, so to speak

@_date: 2009-10-21 13:21:02
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Good points Athina (and others for that matter)
Plus, let's not forget the history of how P2P as a "meme" came into
existence. I agree that it is an "ideology" for some, and perhaps not
for others.
I personally am starting to use "Wealth Generating Ecology" to
describe the parts of P2P that are relevant to work that I am doing.
On Wed, Oct 21, 2009 at 11:55 AM, Athina Karatzogianni

@_date: 2009-10-21 21:29:08
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CAD files at The PIrate Bay? (Follow up) 
I don't know about others, but for my own project releases, I prefer
to release under copyleft license by default.
I am not 100% sure if this protects me from patent predation, yet I
think that time stamps etc can at least make a beginning case for
"prior art"
On Wed, Oct 21, 2009 at 4:20 PM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2009-10-22 11:18:56
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CAD files at The PIrate Bay? (Follow up) 
Kevin and Stan both have good points here,
Put simply: the patent is a mechanism for a specific set of business
models. If those business models are not relevant to people, then they
may not tend to see a need for patents.
This does not mean that some portion of designers, engineers and
fabricators will not seek to patent technologies. Indeed there are
already more traditional business who are capitalizing on emerging
flexible fabrication as a method for low cost rapid prototyping, with
an ultimate path towards more traditional industrial production,
venture capitalization, and "business to business" models that emerged
in the 1980's and 1990's  This kind of model will represent a
significant amount of activity, as more traditional companies enter
this space. This could be related to the reasons why you see people in
connection with Ponoko and/or Make talking about patents, because
patent "protection" is still the primary paradigm of many, many, many,
many people, in relation to physical production (even people actively
engaged in flexible fabrication production).
The problem, as Kevin mentions, is that this route (low cost rapid
prototyping to capitalized patented products) requires small producers
to partner with more traditional companies who are better funded to be
their "facilitators".  Kevin is right that this way of bringing
products to market requires lots of capitalization for both the
patenting process and the transfer of design from prototype to product
(plus the marketing that most of these firms believe is needed, etc
etc). This model will be somewhat pervasive as distributed
manufacturing emerges. There could even likely be a bubble emerging
around more traditional firms "sourcing" emerging garage
manufacturers.  These companies see each other doing this, and see the
short term advantage, and are already starting to tap into what they
see as a shortcut resource. Yet, ultimately,  since it requires so
many resources, it will collapse or diminish.
So, flexible fabrication needs more than people designing and creating
technologies. It needs people doing some form of market research,
people who are willing to connect technologies with needs, etc. Flex
fab needs a new type of facilitator. My opinion is that something that
resembles the Agile Software Development school of thinking is what
will emerge to both be the most effective for small scale distributed
manufacturing, and best take advantage and maximize the value of
adaptable designs and open source IP
  this method
is iterative and end-user driven
On Thu, Oct 22, 2009 at 12:36 AM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2009-10-22 11:23:50
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] barter software update 
This caught my eye. Got me thinking about when and where there might
be needs for scaling beyond a local community, and how an flexible
architecture and governance for community to community systems might
realistically look.
I am partly of the opinion that LETS may not really need to scale, and
if it reaches the point where it needs to, I wonder what a commons
maintaining route might be for moving forward?

@_date: 2009-10-22 14:52:07
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] barter software update 
I did take a look. I personally am not interested in those systems for
a variety of reasons. (using proprietary software, no apparent API,
too centralized, not flexible enough to meet emerging local/unique
needs from what I can tell)
All that being said, it could be a good choice for some

@_date: 2009-10-23 09:01:16
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] interesting concept: a facebook for academics 
Looking at this:   it looks
like academia.edu is possibly spamming people in multiple ways in an
apparent publicity/user registration push.  I have received emails on
multiple email lists about this in the past 2 days. Publicity campaign
seems to be working.
Apparently there is now a mechanism that has started to email people
when others are "googling" them, as well.
This reminds me of a few social networks that did something similar a
while back (arbitrarily emailing people in your contact list, etc). I
think Plaxo was one of them Some of the other feedback mechanisms
remind me of "applications" on facebook (the "who's googling you" is
similar to the spam you get from "who's rating you" on face book).

@_date: 2009-10-23 16:25:37
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CAD files at The PIrate Bay? (Follow up) 
Hey Kevin,
On Fri, Oct 23, 2009 at 1:42 PM, Kevin Carson
This partnership stuff is actually happening now, and I am starting to
develop alternative models where independents work as a team in
coworking spaces (or other similar spaces) to fully develop
technologies for localized use. Makers are part of the teams (which
can be ad-hoc) and stand to be reciprocated more out of this
arrangement than being an outsourcing resource for larger companies.
This means that the other people in the local economies "team" need to
fill the role of researching emerging markets, design, connecting with
local stakeholders, raising needed resources, project management,
coordination of iterative development, managing the digital resources
The above is not so much as projection of the landscape of garage
manufacturing trends, as an actual model that we are applying here in
midwest region to local economies. So, I am both "making" myself, plus
looking to work with "makers" in this region, and focusing on Urban
Agriculture, "green" energy, automation systems, and general rapid
prototyping fabrication capabilities

@_date: 2009-10-23 17:31:43
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] barter software update 
Michael thanks for reply:
On Fri, Oct 23, 2009 at 12:29 PM, michael linton
I can definitely 100% accept what you are saying. it makes total sense
Yet, my question earlier, about whether LETS *should* even scale, is
basically thinking more from a theoretical/modeling perspective. That
if a community currency is appropriate on a local scale, and helps
people solve problems on a local scale (assuming no core group(s)
Basically, that LETS may be more appropriate for smaller scales, and
that maybe LETS really shouldn't scale at all. That's a potential
response to "LETS doesn't scale well". Yet, another response is what
you are saying Michael, which is that LETS and community currencies
will tend to sink or swim based on the interest and enthusiasm of
people using, not based on choice of software systems.
I also like the idea of confederation.  Yet, I am really focused on
"why do these even need to work together at all?" I think it's an
important question

@_date: 2009-10-24 09:17:15
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I agree that there are always fundamental assumptions (which is what I
think you all are calling an "ideology"). This set of fundamental
assumptions are the result of gene/organism/environment/culture (as
described by Lewontin)
So, I'll revise my previous statement:
'Where what we are calling "P2P" begins to resemble and function like
an ideology, the culture attracted will begin to disaggregate. What
will be left is an ideology that is fundamentally not what we are
calling "P2P".'
Where the "ideology" that we are calling "P2P" begins to resemble and
function like
**previous** ideologies, the culture attracted will begin to disaggregate. What
will be left is an ideology that is fundamentally not what we are
calling "P2P".
The idea here is that p2p is an emergent set of "bio/psycho/social"
fundamental assumptions, which does not resemble previous emergent
fundamental assumptions about solving problems of existence. I
personally prefer this over "ideology", but your mileage may vary.
Clare W Graves (  ) came
close to identifying the emergent simple rules of humans operating
with fundamental assumptions that resemble what we are calling "p2p".
In Graves's language, these are "sacrifice self now so that all may
gain now", and "express self now, but not at the expense of others".
Whether these are 100% accurate or not, they come closer than anything
else that I know of to describing on a worldview level how people are
acting/re-acting with their environment, and why.
Both of these ways of solving fundamental problems of existence seem
to have emerged in reaction to the domination of control-centric
social structures/worldviews.

@_date: 2009-10-24 09:20:13
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
A fundamental discovery in complex systems theory:
Complex *systems* are based in simple rules on finer grained scales.

@_date: 2009-10-24 09:23:57
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
There are simple rules in non-"P2P" systems, too. There are simple
rules in *all* complex systems (and all human systems are generally
complex systems)
The root building blocks, I would agree are both the internal beliefs,
and external systems of the environment. These combine to make up the
"worldview" of the individual.

@_date: 2009-10-24 09:28:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I think p2p worldview is a route to solving problems of existence by
recognizing that you can gain now by all gaining now (as opposed to in
the future, or afterlife, etc). This in turn starts to create an
environment where people who are more "self"-oriented can operate in
their own so-called "selfish" interests, yet their actions will not
tend to be at the expense of others.

@_date: 2009-10-24 10:37:06
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I think this worldview is no more or less utopian than any other that
existed before it emerged. Back in the victorian era, people thought
that the 20th century industrial world view would lead to utopia, if
only the richest elites could control everyone and get everyone in
their places, then society would function perfectly, is basically what
they thought. And, they built towards this with great fervor, and we
see the results of this worldview pervading our environments
throughout the western world today.
The world view we are calling "p2p" is no less/more workable or
unworkable than anything else. it's a worldview, an emergent way of
solving problems of existence.

@_date: 2009-10-24 11:28:27
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I think you may be right Paul.
I think when it comes to world views, that it's best to look at why
people are doing what they are doing.
So, the question in the case of a p2p worldview is "why" are people
collaborating stigmergically? Everyone who collaborates stigmergically
is not operating from a "p2p" worldview (or "p2p ideology"). So, why
would they do something that looks like it is related to p2p activity?
I contend that it is in part because the new mediums (that may be
based around stigmergic collaboration)  are now part of their
environment. So, they learn to assimilate those mediums and ways of
solving problems that seem to them to enhance their worldview, and
contrast or reject those that do not (Sharif, M
  )
The emergence of mediums that allow for stigmergic collaboration may
have been accelerated by people who are focused on a p2p worldview way
of solving problems, but they are now used by people who possess a
diverse collection of worldviews (including the "p2p" view)
On Sat, Oct 24, 2009 at 11:04 AM, Paul D. Fernhout

@_date: 2009-10-25 09:58:12
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
On Sat, Oct 24, 2009 at 1:02 PM, Paul D. Fernhout
This quote is really great, thanks for sharing it, Paul.
Human nature is emergent, adaptive. Indeed, as we are moving into an
era that lowers the barrier of entry to basic infrastructure, we'll
- retrieval of long dormant social/cultural/political systems
- admixture/hybridization of those systems with more generically
identifiable homogeneous social structures
Mass cultures are evolving into thousands and eventually millions, of
new local cultures as different segments of mass culture collapse
(media, manufacturing, food production, etc). Those new local cultures
are admixture/hybrids of many mesh/hierarchies. Even one person may
participate in many of these networks. This is what is making what is
emerging difficult to see, to categorize for governments, large
businesses, market researchers, academics, etc (not that they should
be categorized, but categorization has been the norm for a long time,
and it increasingly is difficult to apply).

@_date: 2009-10-25 10:22:02
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
When earlier I wrote this:
"Where what we are calling "P2P" begins to resemble and function like
an ideology, the culture attracted will begin to disaggregate. What
will be left is an ideology that is fundamentally not what we are
calling "P2P'."
What I probably should have written was this:
"Where what we are calling "P2P" begins to resemble and function like
a *mass* ideology, the culture attracted will begin to disaggregate. What
will be left is an ideology that is fundamentally not what we are
calling "P2P'."
I agree with all of you that there will still be an ideology, but it
is already emerging and evolving to operate in different ways and on
different scales than previous mass culture based "ideologies".
More below...
There will be, and are constitutions and manifestos, but the nature of
the mediums that make p2p possible are affording the following:
Those constitutions and manifestos are emerging on smaller local
scales, they exhibit some basic simple rules that are characteristic,
but also exhibit highly diverse characteristics from local network to
localnetwork. Plus, the mediums are affording a plurality of
interfacing, which allows small networks to connect with one another
in ad-hoc ways.
The new landscape is not a world of averages. It is a world of
networked unique local niches, which when filled, open (eventually
exponentially) more niches. It's the world of the power law, not the
bell curve. There are many other factors, but this picture is vital in
my opinion, to understanding what is emerging now.

@_date: 2009-10-25 10:28:36
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Ryan, you are totally right.
Here's a page I wrote a while back
If you look through that page, you'll see that I describe human nature
and organism and environment (which includes everything that is in the
environment of the human)
It is modeling what the human believes that she or he is doing to
solve their fundamental problems of existence. it is asking "why is
this person doing this?" and trying to see the world through *their*
So, *where* there are humans that possess a post-human worldview, than
this is what I would model in this type of psychology. But, where
humans do not see this, then it is not part of *their* nature (even if
it really is, and they don't realize it)
never the less, humans are definitely part of a larger system, and we
agree on that point

@_date: 2009-10-25 10:35:08
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
Emergent may seem to defy analysis, but there are simple rules that
are at play, and constraints in systems/environments
As I have already said in this thread, there are definitely simple
rules, there are definitely factors that are identifiable. Nature has
rules like DNA, and yet nature created an explosion of localized
I think it does imply a "partially" fractal nature, where systems can
be replicated efficiently, they will probably be replicated. But,
unique local conditions will rise in importance, where they may
currently or previously have been supressed by mass culture

@_date: 2009-10-25 10:39:07
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I think we agree.
Although, what i've said that shows we agree is strewn across this thread :-)
On Sun, Oct 25, 2009 at 10:31 AM, Michel Bauwens
Agree. This will be made possible by the fact that localized p2p
networks afford themselves a plurality of ways to connect with others.
You can see this happening already.
Yes, these are the "simple rules" that Ryan and I are talking about.
I am definitely not excluding. I think we agree close to, if not fully
100% but are using different language to describe the same thing
(which could be confusing intentions of messages)

@_date: 2009-10-25 10:41:23
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I think we have collectively come to a realization here (including
what Michel  said):
In p2p systems, it is the simple rules that tend to be fractal.

@_date: 2009-10-25 10:51:10
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I also think that Michel's earlier message (and indeed the total work
of p2p foundation thus far) helps to display the plausible potentials
for how localized emerging systems can (and do) connect in useful ways
I think that as mass culture collapses, that the initial emergence of
localized systems may have so much enthusiasm for the empowerment of
local systems to people that previously lived under mass systems, that
it may actually temporarily exclude being highly connected (plus it
may have a short term focus with connecting individuals into the local
network). Yet, once local networks reach a carrying capacity, it'll be
a natural extension to connect them.
The models and theories that Paul Hartzog, Rick Adler and myself are
working on now (and will present in Manchester, along with actual
technology demonstrations) is applying a principle of "plurality" that
makes both localized individual and network to network connection more
highly available to more people and groups. this was a direct
extension of work in localized (food) systems

@_date: 2009-10-25 11:03:25
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I think we can identify some rules
Although... :-)
This is a good candidate for a common property in p2p systems
designers and sharers (producers) are "roles" that are increasingly
Why? there is a rule in p2p systems that is what Paul hartzog and I
call the principle of "plurality". Access to the tools of design, the
means of production, and the networks for sharing means that one
person can, and in significant numbers does, fill all roles
All that being said, it was the innovation of sharing that paved the
way for access. So, I actually think that you are right here. Those
who shared created best innovations (technology, social governance,
etc) that routed around blockages in the system, and paved the way for
much of what I describe above
Agree, yet, p2p networks smash the paradigm of what "norms" look like,
both because of diversity in what emerges, and plurality of ways for
networks to connect.
Still there are norms (commons based resource pooling, etc etc)
Maybe. Problem is that the systems afford the rights to fork and
leave. Right to fork and leave is a simple rule for sure.
I think you may be talking about something else though, and it'd be
worthwhile to think about an example from real life that you've
observed that demonstrates what you are referring to above

@_date: 2009-10-26 15:21:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: FlossedBk, 
Wish I could come to it. We're doing some work next month on
 release to bring it to Drupal 6, plus
I am working on supporting some other tools beyond Drupal (like ELGG,
Moodle, Wagn, insoshi, and some extensions to all) within coming year.
 is a collaborative inquiry based
learning system (and it is not just software, but also a curriculum
for collaborative inquiry using face 2 face and social software
mediums). Many who have been interested in guiding collaborative
inquiry based learning in the classroom have found both social media
classroom and the curriculum developed by Howard to be really
effective and time saving. So,  Social Media Classroom as it is
currently configured covers a significant amount of emerging needs
that people simply cannot get out of their current IT departments at
universities, K-12 edu, etc  Universities and schools are paranoid
about uncontrolled access. Plus, in University cases, they are more
focused on "records management" in the US these days, and so this is
why they are blocking access for educators to the tools they need
I am also interested in how social software can address other learning
approaches. Learning management systems like moodle seem to cover the
classic pedagogical approaches.
For instance: Some believe that social network clones like insoshi and
ELGG are good bases for addressing "Hanging out, messing around,
geeking out"  needs,
and they may be right.
The point that I think I am making is that the nature of the type of
learning going on guides the creation and deployment of supporting
tools and systems, and I am really starting to see things through this
lens after experience with Social Media Classroom

@_date: 2009-10-27 09:31:00
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CAD files at The PIrate Bay? (Follow up) 
Hey Kevin,
On Tue, Oct 27, 2009 at 12:20 AM, Kevin Carson
It may seem dogmatic, but I think that usually for the problems we are
focused on, patents and traditional captial (with it's traditional
expectations of very rapid money ROI) tend to be non-appropriate for
localized economies/commons based business models.
Removing patent gives rapid ROI on many forms of wealth, including
money. A group of people on local scales may not invest in technology
development solely as a capital venture. Often, it is an investment to
gain the capacities the technology affords (food, energy, physical
object and rapid prototype produciton). Patents block the flow on this
scale, and the costs associated are a barrier to entry. The business
model on this scale is at the point of consumption (but one person may
be producer, processor, distributor, and consumer. This is not a role
based economy, it's an activity based economy)

@_date: 2009-10-27 09:34:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the new green revolution in AFrica 
Yes, I can.
On Mon, Oct 26, 2009 at 10:58 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2009-10-27 11:12:24
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] =?windows-1252?q?=93Forge_lock_in=94_is_not_the_pr?= 
"  The worst problem with almost all current (code) hosting sites is
that they?re data jails. You can put data (the source code revision
history, mailing list address lists, bug reports) into them, but
getting a complete snapshot of that data back out often ranges from
painful to impossible.
    Why is this an issue? Very practically, because hosting sites,
even well-established ones, sometimes go off the air. Any prudent
project lead should be thinking about how to recover if that happens,
and how to take periodic backups of critical project data. But more
generally, it?s your data. You should own it. If you can?t push a
button and get a snapshot of your project state out of the site
whenever you want, you don?t own it.
    When berlios.de crashed on me, I was lucky; I had been preparing
to migrate GPSD off the site due to deteriorating performance; I had a
Subversion dump file that was less than two weeks old. I was able to
bring that up to date by translating commits from an unofficial git
mirror. I was doubly lucky in that the Mailman adminstrative (sic)
pages remained accessible even when the project webspace and
repositories had been 404 for two days.
    But actually retrieving my mailing-list data was a hideous process
that involved screen-scraping HTML by hand, and I had no hope at all
of retrieving the bug tracker state.
    This anecdote illustrates the most serious manifestations of the
data-jail problem. Third-generation version-control (hg, git, bzr,
etc.) systems pretty much solve it for code repositories; every
checkout is a mirror. But most projects have two other critical data
collections: their mailing-list state and their bug-tracker state.
And, on all sites I know of in late 2009, those are seriously jailed.
    This is a problem that goes straight to the design of the software
subsystems used by these sites. Some are generic: of these, the most
frequent single offender is 2.x versions of Mailman, the most widely
used mailing-list manager (the Mailman maintainers claim to have fixed
this in 3.0). Bug-trackers tend to be tightly tied to individual
hosting engines, and are even harder to dig data out of."
Eric acknowledges that distributed revision control solves the problem
of the code repository being a ?data jail?. My opinion is that the
other problems are solved by extremely low cost hosting of your own
email lists (many shared hosting providers offers GNUMailman lists for
5-10 per month)  plus, hosting your own distributed bug tracking via
tools like It?s my opinion that the building blocks (and more than 90% of the
solutions) exist to route around the blockages caused by ?forge
lock-in?.  The distribution of communication could be done via
 which could allow people to
post to development discussions from almost anywhere online, and have
the messages tracked and linked to via microblog. This would obsolete
the need for email discussion of development altogether (a change I
would fully welcome). this could also synchronize with discussions
happening in IRC channels (where most developers now actually discuss
development these days anyway) .  Tools already exist to connect IRC
with asynch online discussion.
The conclusions that I draw:
   1. ?forge? sites have obsoleted themselves to being anything other
than a convenient mirror for project release files
   2. It?s more important to me to focus my time and energy on ways to
route around the blockage, than to decry the blockage, especially when
it?s now 100% possible and affordable for people with even meager
resources to route around
   3. Most importantly: many of the problems that are a concern (not
just with ?forge lock-in?, but also with data lockin from social media
websites) can be easily solved now with distributed solutions.  The
first question you should ask is: ?how will my activities and data
interoperate with others??, and NOT ?how will this best work for me??
if you concentrate on how your approach will interoperate best with
others, there is still room to address how it will work best for you.
But, if you only concetrate on how your approach will work best for
you, you?ll miss opportunities by ignoring interoperability.
**INTEROPERABILITY IS THE FIRST PRIORITY** if you want to avoid the
later problems of ?data jails?, ?data lockin? etc. Invest now in
infrastructure that allows for expansion, connection with others in a
plurality of ways, and allows for as much distribution of
infrastructure as possible. This investment will return to you
exponentially, as you have chosen infrastructure that is permenantly
adaptable to new standards, new pressures etc
For anyone, not just developers, but also for people discussing
problems such as the problems with ?crowdsourcing? and ?locked social
media? discussed frequently at
  the choices that *you*
make, are what locks you in to the systems that you see are
constraining you. There are other choices that you can make now, and
they are worth the investment, but many are not making these choices.
The same is true for how you structure collaboration, and/or how you
participate in collaborative processes, how your ?surplus labor? is
used.  In all cases, before jumping in and using services run by
companies who?s primary and sometimes even legally required focus is
to seek monetary profit, spend the time looking at what the plausible
alternatives are, and design for interoperability, for adaptability.
Give your money and resources to those people that already exist that
will give you solutions that won?t lock you in and that will let you
adapt over time. Don?t always opt for the instant gratification
choice, as there are people out there who can and will capitalize on
your need for instant gratification, then complain after the fact that
the choice you make made it harder for you to adapt and sustain your
activities over time. If you change your focus from ?what is best for
me now? to ?how I can make this activity as interoperable and flexibly
adaptable as possible? will not have the dilemma of having to deal
with ?lock in? or leaching of ?surplus labor? problems

@_date: 2009-10-28 09:24:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "social entrepreneurship" Vs "vocational p2p" ? 
There are social enterprises emerging around food, energy, and
technology production that would qualifiy as "commons" based. The
problem that I am seeing is that many simply do not understand commons
based approaches. We also lack ways of seeing and effectively
co-managing commons. This is where so-called "community" informatics
are useful. It is difficult to for many understand the many different
types of wealth and value that exist in our systems, when all of our
widely available metrics (and literacies) are attuned to money.

@_date: 2009-10-28 16:50:27
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CAD files at The PIrate Bay? (Follow up) 
What I mean here is that in traditional economics people are often
assigned a narrow role. Examples include "consumer", "producer",
"marketer" etc
In the economies we are discussing, one person could easily take on
all of these roles, now that they have access to all of the tools that
empower them to do so. In fact, this is what is increasinging
So, the "role" becomes less important, and the activity that a person
is currently doing at (producing) becomes more important in what is

@_date: 2009-10-28 22:54:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CAD files at The PIrate Bay? (Follow up) 
"there is little empirical evidence of a move away from IP in fields
most open to decentralised production."
Have you had a look at (decentralized production of media output)?
How about the communities that are rapidly developing around
  (both
of which are released under an open license)
It's really easy with RepRap and Arduino alone to argue that there is
empirical evidence of a "move away" from IP in fields open to
decentralized production.
Furthermore,  "move away" is a pretty broad and nebulous qualifier.
There's empirical evidence that a significant number of people are
"moving away" from patents and IP protections. I don't see what you
can base this statement on (nor have you defined what qualifies as
"empirical evidence" for a "move away". Moreover, what is the
measurement of a "move away" itself?)
Moreover, no one here is claiming that "open" licensed technology is
in the majority. Our discussion so far has been why patents are
non-appropriate for commons-based local-scale economies. They are
non-appropriate even if there is empirical evidence that there is only
one identifiable commons-based local scale economy anywhere on the
face of the earth :-D

@_date: 2009-10-30 11:15:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The meaning and purpose of Profit (was: 
Indeed, this is what we are doing now in Local Food Systems. it's also
what I am advocating for many businesses I work with.
Consider a person who invests part of their Urban Agriculture plot to
allowing kids to come and learn about growing healthy foods as part of
their school curriculum, then later gives access local homeless people
to harvest the food grown by the students in exchange for a small
amount labor/help in the Urban farm plot
No money has changed hands, no tracking, no profit, no price above
cost etc. None of it This type of stuff is happening now.

@_date: 2009-08-31 18:40:35
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Remote Assembly, Economy, & Work For Its Own Sake 
Nathan, Ryan
I will check it out thanks!
Ryan may have been referring to me. Plus, we are covering so much
ground in our discussion, that it could have been confusing as far as
what we were saying/proposing/etc
Plus, I am the one who brought up economics, so you can all blame me! :-P
Anyway, it was a good discussion, and I assume Ryan meant no harm.
You're both worthy  of much respect in my mind.

@_date: 2009-08-31 21:58:32
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Remote Assembly, Economy, & Work For Its Own Sake 
Ryan, thanks, a couple of replies...
I agree. Especially now that it is so easy to virtualize/digitize. It
is really difficult to imagine many people voluntarily casting off the
convenience of some form of money.
There are people making this choice for sure, and in every case it is
what you are calling political (or what I am calling "worldview")
What you see me talking about in these threads may seem like a
"process". But, what I am really talking about is creating the
conditions for emergence. There are conditions that you can foment,
implement and nurture that will create transition, and increase the
likelihood of transformation. This is not coercive, and does require
social negotiation, relationship and network building, and choosing
where to spend energies and time based on what you think is most
likely to succeed first, next etc
So, you can "seed" transitional entities, and nurture them in
conjunction with people who are genuinely interested. And/or you can
find and align with like-minded entities that are emerging around the
world, and think about how to work together in useful ways. This is
political, but there are processes which people may agree to use, to
create commons, collaborative, and cooperation based systems that can
sustain themselves over time. Have a look at everything we've
synthesized from different areas of human thinking at
One of those areas of thinking is complex systems, a science which
shows that most transformation/change tends to begin on local scales.
So, if you think about human driven processes, which are partly
political, and resepective of environment, respective of the flow of
energy on many scales, you can see that there are processes which
people as individuals can apply to begin to change how they exist on
local scales. There are many, many, many examples of this. I would say
that it is easier to change locally *without* politics. However, it is
more difficult to sustain such a change without a system of voluntary
co-governance of commons that are created by way of the changes that I
am suggesting.
One empty acre within the city of Cleveland could be a great example.
You can quickly clear out and begin to produce food on that acre, and
create technologies from discarded materials that capture rainwater,
re-use plant refuse as fertilizer, etc etc. You can gain more by
involving more people, and inviting them to contribute to the
development of the acre. Maybe you would invite schools in to teach
students how to start their own businesses, etc. But as you involve
more people, you run the risk of exceeding the carrying capacity of
the commons you have started. You have to create rules, and people
have to be willing to live by those rules. You need a system of
co-governance. Plus, you need a way to meet existing laws in regards
to food safety, quality, etc. On top of all of that, as Ryan suggests,
you can get far by pressuring for real political change (as the people
of Cleveland have done, by pressuring government to allow them to have
bees and chikens within the city, which increases the options for
people involved in small scale food production).
There is a real life example of this here:
 That is a farm on
one acre of land in Cleveland, that produces a sizeable income, and
offers resources to multiple people in the local community (schools,
research universities, etc)
I do not think you are off-kilter. I think we are talking about the
same thing but using some different language.

@_date: 2009-09-03 09:06:12
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Michel; A question 
Matt, your project sounds awesome!
There is substantial money to be had in food production. Specifically
aquaculture, and specialty crop production, with relatively low
startup cost. I know this is not the question you were asking, but I
thought I'd relay that because the project you are starting could
become self-sustaining by way of food production.
I don't know if Dmytri's idea would fit into the model of creating a
social network. What Dmytri's idea could be really useful for is
identifying emerging niches that can be served by small food
producers, open source hardware, open source software, etc (please
correct me if I am wrong on that Dmytri)
I also don't know if a clone of a social network is the best model for
what you are describing above. I say that because I have seen hundreds
of people think that they need to create a social network clone in
order to do what you are describing.
But, I don't think you are totally off-base. In fact, I'd suggest
using some existing open standards to do what you want to do: possibly
openID, FOAF, maybe OAUTH if access is an issue, and the option to
create the "identity" on a service site. This indentity could then be
hosted anywhere. No social networking site needed. And then, a
standard is needed for the LETS system that works with identity
standards. We are currently missing a standard for LETS to be used
online (other than Ripple Pay, I am not sure of any others that are
LETS and P2P systems are not global, they tend to be more localized an
situational. So, It is best to work towards optimizing what you need
for your area and your project. if you use open standards and open
source software, others can replicate what you are doing, and adapt it
to their local conditions.
I think that Dante has experimented with Cyclos. How did that work Dante?
And, there is also   which looks
like it contains at least some of what you are suggesting. This could
work well for a tracking system for a currency that you found. I would
not try to build everything into one monolithic application, though,
as you will likely regret it later.
If you are involved in food production, I think we could work with you
in the Localfoodsystems project to get you some of this
infrastructure. I will need to check with them. Can you send me more
information about where you are at with the project, etc?

@_date: 2009-09-03 09:10:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Michel; A question 
Matt, I also forgot to mention that I am also working towards creating
open source flexible fabrication (Multimachine, 3D plastic printing,
xyz plasma cutter, injection molding) and living system-based food
production technology, and arduino-based controller tech for urban
food production. I also work heavily with Ubuntu, and open source
CAD/CAM and PCB design tools, and general programming, networking of
devices, and lots of other stuff.  So, I'd be interested to
collaborate with you in those areas, too, over time.

@_date: 2009-09-04 11:41:21
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Michel; A question 
I have downloaded and used Cyclos to evaluate it. I have it run-able
on this computer that I am talking to you on right now
It is a little top heavy, but workable
I would recommend mapping out you own needs as if you were going to
have a system built from scratch, then seeing how closely Cyclos can
fill those needs. Cyclos in it's current state may force you to do
lots of stuff through the web that you don't want to do for instance.
Although, they do have some API's that could connect RFID readers, bar
coe readers and other data from external devices with Cyclos.
Cyclos is also tougher to host and maintain as it is coded in Java.
Likely would be tough to succeed in deploying without at least a VPS
with root access.
All of that being said, Cyclos is probably worth a thorough evaluation
for what I understand that you are trying to do

@_date: 2009-09-04 11:47:35
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] e-currency systems 2 
2009/9/4 Michel Bauwens :
Here is google translate of the same:
Hello Bernard,
I'm with Dante and we return from our meeting with Walter Smets. It
lasted almost 3 hours and was quite informative.
Here are our first impressions. There I think I can classify them into
three categories: functional, technical and practical aspects of
software "Art Trade" used by the RES, always in comparison with
Functional aspects
     * Trade Art is full of features. On this point, I think it is
largely a comparison with Cyclos. Should consider the features one by
one in order to see which are helpful or not, and what are the best
designed in software than in the other.
     * Trade Art can make transactions via bank cards, and is a proven
technique widely. Walter Smets has signed an agreement with VCC
(apparently the "Banksys Holland") which allows to make payments via
their terminals. In discussion (apparently long time) with Banksys
same. The cards are magnetic stripe and not smart for two reasons:
financial (the chips are more expensive), and because RES did not need
in the current state of affairs to secure its transactions beyond
     * The payment via SMS is currently available but not used. The
architecture must, however, may be technically reviewed to bring it up
to date, and to make payments via a third-generation mobile.
     Art * Trade does not support "multi-currency" now: the accounts
are not only Euro-RES. According to the developer, this would require
a significant effort to manage this, already in the database, and
certainly in terms of functionality already in place.
     * Trade Art is based on Microsoft technologies! Namely:
           o Microsoft SQL Server 2000 database
           o Programs C + + and Visual Basic running on a Microsoft
Transaction Server for Back-End Party
           o A mixture of Visual Basic programs and ASP pages for the
Front-End Party.
     Trade Art then uses a set of proprietary programs to run, which
seems in direct contradiction with the offering an Open Source
     * The architecture itself, however, seems well thought out by
developers who seem very relevant.
     * In the opinion of the developer (Baldwin) itself, if it were to
do again, he opted instead for an approach "Full Web-based", where
even the Back-End is accessible via a standard browser, as allowed
modern techniques. The Party Back-Office is in effect a program itself
that must run on a dedicated server.
     * This is obviously the big thing about RES: a network that works
(5000 outlets - 100,000 users). An experience of 15 years,
     * In terms of the development team for cons, it is rather
surprising: the program has been developed by two Icelandic 35 and 30,
who are currently the only ones who know how the program works. It has
virtually no documentation. Smets Walter confesses himself to be
totally dependent on these two developers, that he asked not to travel
     * Management and monitoring of all transactions appear to be
satisfied with a very small staff: team of 7-8 people to manage
30,000,000 RES-euro transactions annually, is a good score. According
to Walter Smets is mainly due to the high automation of all
RES has developed over fifteen years experience of high value and
potentially very rewarding in this area. Its software is probably a
key to this success.
However, it seems clear that this Software was created for RES and RES
has evolved over time, which probably included more addictive than
desired with respect to its designers (either Walter or his Smets 2
developers) .
In addition, the technical use of proprietary software seems to be a
poor candidate in a context of wider distribution and "Open Source".
Its use could be justified if we need an operational and effective immediately.
Dante and Xavier.

@_date: 2009-09-04 12:20:27
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Distributed Currency Standards 
I agree with the premise of what Nathan and Matt are stating here.
Perhaps we could use this thread as a launching point to create a
standard for distributed alternative currencies? So that, in any web
application, in any email list, anywhere online (including via sms, or
even devices like networked controllers) it is possible to securely
profile data, track origins, revisions, etc when appropriate, of an
alternative currency.
I think that an open digital currency standard could be realtively
simple and straight forward to start out with. It should be based on
the principles of plurality (many ways to interact with the same
thing) applied to diversity (many ways to interact among any different
At minimum, a distributed digital currency object should have the
following metadata:
- A unique id
- An way to identify the entity that issued the currency
- A way to query the object via http as a networked data object
(currency objects have URI's)
- The spec has ways to build URI based on local domain, so that URI
contains the unique id.
The idea is that I want to make it really easy to start a local
currency, but that I want to do it in a way that makes an
explosion/proliferation of currencies not be an issue, because they
work together by default. And, the spec that makes them work together
is really simple and minimal and as non-constrained as possible
This would also allow other parties to build value tracking, and other
systems on top of the data standard.

@_date: 2009-09-04 12:36:38
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] decentralizing open source bike production? 
My suggestion: don't even try to compete in this space, or even
compare these prices to what you are doing. An open source bike
project could instead compete in the long tail by making a series of
many easily modifiable bicycle design cores (plus a standard way to
contribute more cores) that people can download and fabricate, and
You won't initially. So instead look at the growing networks of
flexible fabrication efforts, home builders, etc. Invest in those
networks and forget about the existing mass production system. it's
not worth your time.
I guess I just don't understand the nature of these questions. are
they really asking "who will fund our open source development?"
because that seems like what they are asking to me.
Now you are talking. Look for millions of existing niches and work
towards filling them. This in turn will *create* new niches, that mass
producers with proprietary designs will likely not be able to fill.

@_date: 2009-09-04 12:41:52
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Distributed Currency Standards 
Dante, Michel,
Definitely. I was just trying to start a discussion *here* within this
network about the specific topic of currency objects themselves. If
that is off topic here I will take it to metacurrency

@_date: 2009-09-04 12:54:39
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Distributed Currency Standards 
Also, honestly, their design doc and system seem to me to be heading
towards a very dense, and likely very complicated spec.
My opinion is that this can be abstracted into simpler basic
specifications. The dynamics they are trying to standardize (such as
SGFL) are interesting, but are targetted in the end towards a limited
group of people. It's not necessary to include all of this stuff into
a spec for an distributed currency object (not that I am sure that
this is what they are actually doing, but it seems to be the direction
they are headed in).

@_date: 2009-09-04 13:01:42
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Distributed Currency Standards 
They have no actual code, nor working spec to validate against, nor
anything else that I can find and use to build towards today.
Although, there are some XML examples in the PDF file.
This was one of the subjects of the upcoming media ecologies workshop
(open money systems, etc) I know that Nathan has expressed interest.
I'd like to work with the metacurrency folks if I can, but if they are
making a dense, constrained design, we might just go ahead and make
our own, or make something that can work with their spec, but itself
is simpler to implement.

@_date: 2009-09-04 20:08:39
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] decentralizing open source bike production? 
required to 'host' that design in physical reality.
I think you are are misinterpreting what is being discussed
Actually, I ran out of time, but was going to follow up my last email
by stating that efforts to get people the means of production in the
places that the open source bike project wants to serve seem to me to
be a higher priority than the design of bikes themselves.
Flexible fabrication technology will be a key way to bring the means
of production to people. This is already emerging now.
This technology does exist. It is possible for them to produce
biofuel, utilize wind and solar power, and create and deploy low cost
machines that can fabricate not just bicycles, but many things that
they might need. i agree with you, patrick, that this seems to be a
higher priority in the grand scheme of things.
Actually, design and the means to produce the designs are tightly coupled.
Anyway, you raise a good point. Impoverished people could really
benefit from access to the means to produce food, energy, and the
things they need for physiological and psychological survival.
Patrick, you've been communicating this message to me for quite at
least a couple of years now, and your solution seems to me to be sound
in logic, but impossible to convince the critical mass of people to
adopt and participate in what you are proposing.

@_date: 2009-09-05 09:25:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] decentralizing open source bike production? 
?> Patrick's solution to me is legitimate, but not preferred as it instantiates
The biggest problem that I can see is that people will not allow it to
happen. The people who are expected to be subjugated will not accept
their role. And, why should they?

@_date: 2009-09-05 09:42:26
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] decentralizing open source bike production? 
In this case, most of the people working with Arduino have at least
the means of production to employ Arduino towards the ends they are
interested in, if not the ability to make Arduino itself. Arduino is
usually a component in a larger project of some sort. So, possessing
at least a minimal "means of production" is usually a given for people
in this ecology.
Another important point about successful open source projects is that
the networks that you observe generally come to be the way they are in
an *emergent* fashion. Problem solving starts on smaller scales
focused on specific problems. But, the designers and implementers have
the foresight to make the technology in a plural and modular way, that
allows for the technology itself to be easily adapted in many ways.
Over time the technology indeed is adapted. There was really no
central planning in this, other than the idea of making Arduino
modular, plural (many ways to connect and talk to arduino) and opening
up the design. Plus, Arduino is immediately applicable to a multitude
of specific problems. Indeed if you try to pre-plan a system, the
total system itself will ignore and/or route around your pre-planning
in emergent ways.

@_date: 2009-09-06 10:34:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Information Feudalism 
This is something that Paul Hartzog ( )has thought about for close to 10 years, in the form of both "Peer
Net" distributed networking protocols, and "Knowledge Commons"
distributed database storage concepts that he's been working on.
We applied many of those concepts to the current work that we are doing.
One of the things that we want to do is include compatible open
standard specs for load balancing, distributed data integrity,
redundant synchronized mirroring/copying of data, etc
We're meeting with some veterans of Open Standards, and data
management to round out current FLOWS specification, and possibly map
out some of this new territory. Right now, FLOWS can allow for a
networked component to act as a "microservice". If there were a way
for many to mirror these "microservices", and systematically load
balance, plus allow for redundant failover, then it's possible now for
collaborative groups to provide service infrastructure that stands
outside of grid computing.
This doesn't solve the problem of where those "microservices" are
themselves hosted. But, practice of distributing a networked utility
redundantly across diverse networks really only then has a point of
failure of the whole internet itself collapsing.
Physical points of entry to the internet itself are largely corporate
controlled (although they don't currently exercise their full capacity
to control, they could). Software of course won't solve this problem.
And, I have not seen many efforts to think about how to solve this
problem, honestly.
I did see some really low cost ballon radio broadcasting circuits made
by these folks:  and xbee radio/arduino
is cheap enough that it is possible that building blocks exist to make
a massively distributed mesh net (though I don't know how you cross
the oceans with this, maybe open source bouys, or submerged objects?)
Personally, I have come to be of the opinion that to influence change
of public policy, it is often needed to create the building blocks
needed to deploy the systems that you are interested in seeing. When
it is possible to create and deploy those systems, public policy
makers have at least a more difficult time arguing against them.
Thanks for the link, Alex.

@_date: 2009-09-07 06:56:16
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Information Feudalism 
Thanks, Nathan. The other idea that was always interesting to me was
orbital airships. Such as  (a
poorman's version here
 )

@_date: 2009-09-07 07:49:21
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Information Feudalism 
Heh, that is an interesting question, as part of R&D would presumably
be to see how low you might get the cost :-)
I can imagine that at least a working system that could cover maybe
500 kilometers could have been made with just the PR budget, and
combined salaries of the executives of that company discussed in the
wikipedia article :-)

@_date: 2009-09-07 08:46:53
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What's different about this economic downturn? 
As an American who has worked for American companies for 2 decades, I
can tell you that American companies can and do outperform Euopean
companies in the following areas:
1. Financial fraud: I would venture to guess that there is far more
financial fraud happening in US companies than European
2. Overcompensation of executives: Surely, American corporate
executives are the most overcompensated people on the face of this
planet. Please correct me if I am wrong.
3. Government lobbying: American corporations are just really, really
good at lobbying the US government into subsidizing their existence. I
would go so far as to suggest that many of America's largest
corporations would not even be able to remain in existence without the
subsidization and favoritism of government (nevermind that small
business, which receives basically no subsidy, is around 50% of US
4. Public Relations manipulation: Come on, no one can manipulate and
lie to the public like American companies!

@_date: 2009-09-07 09:57:33
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] What's different about this economic downturn? 
Of course you are right, Michel. My reply was more sarcasm/muckraking
than rational argument.
Still, I would say that for the last 30 years, there has been a
special kind of crazy going on in US corporations that is tough to
find anywhere else.
Paul Malizewski uncovered some of this in his "I, Faker" series of
fake letters to business journals and newspapers in the late 1990's
quoted from "(Malizewski's)  experiences at the Business Journal?examined in the
book?s incisive and savagely funny essay ?I, Faker??cast the framework
for the pieces that follow. Fresh out of an M.F.A. program at Syracuse
University and fed up by his newspaper?s uncritical corporate
cheerleading, Maliszewski used his adopted personae to go on the
offensive, writing letters and articles that played into his editor?s
thirst for articles that confirmed or encouraged an evidently strident
laissez-faire economic ideology. In an especially damning bit of
tomfoolery, Maliszewski tweaked the language of a School of the
Americas torture manual to make it read like a managerial tutorial.
?Detention and a deprivation of sensory stimuli are two methods which
on the surface sound draconian, but which can, on second look, be
easily adapted for the workplace,? reads one excerpt. In their lack of
self-awareness, Maliszewski?s fictional blowhards and dispensers of
clich?d corporate advice struck a comedic chord similar to that of
cable TV?s reigning parodist, Stephen Colbert.
Maliszewski, who went as far as submitting a fake news article written
under an invented name, feels no remorse about his own exercises in
deception. ?I gave them every opportunity to reject the pieces,? he
says of his former employer. ?They could publish it or they could say
?not for us? or ?not true,? but they didn?t, so I don?t feel really
bad about that.? (He was never caught.)
Rather than shake his finger at those who perpetrate fraud,
Maliszewski holds a mirror to those audiences (and editors) who enable
it. His essays on early-20th-century confidence tricks and modern-day
fake memoirs illustrate, convincingly and provocatively, a pattern of
supply meeting demand. ?The desire for authenticity and a well-told
story, for gritty dispatches from little-glimpsed lives unlike our
own, and a yarn as traditional in its design as a fairy tale, will
forever be at odds,? he writes."

@_date: 2009-09-07 10:00:26
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Culture comaparisons not worth it 
I agree too, this is why I just concentrate on deprecating my own :-)

@_date: 2009-09-07 19:13:17
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] food jobs 
Who's going to process, package, and deliver all of that food? Who is
going to create and execute self-sustaining business models based on
the waste products of food production (including compost and biofuel
production)? Who is going to create the machines/equipment, etc that
grow, process, package and deliver that food? Who is going to retrofit
empty buildings that are then employed to grow, process, package
locally grown foods that are otherwise not attainable in certain
seasons, in certain areas? Who is going to educate people on how to
manage these systems, how to identify emerging niche markets, how to
use open source software, designs, hardware, and knowledge to lower
entry costs into markets?  Is that enough work for 8 million, or do
you need some more examples?

@_date: 2009-09-09 18:02:34
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] EU FP7 Public Sector of the Future 
This begs the question:
Is there a way to conduct impact assessment research like that
discussed above, using p2p methods?
If so, this could further the cause of P2P foundation by delivering
new methods for EU to use for researching policy impact.
Also, would EU accept research indicators that might in general be
outside of the "frame" that large governments tend to use to assess
impact of their actions and policies.
Could we (as P2P foundation) argue for the creation of a policy
research framework that:
1. Utilizes peer produced, and distributed data from many, many sources
2. Allows localized groups to *define* what *their* needs are (a
plausible route being through p2p mediums)
3. Returns comparative and quantitative data that is viewable *both*
through the lens of EU's criteria, *and* through the lenses of the
people affected by the policy (which means that there is affordance
for them to define local criteria)
4. Creates a persistent ongoing, adaptable infrastructure for
continuing this analysis in the future, driven localized groups
defining their needs.
basically, we put demands on EU to allow the people they are studying
to define what "progress" is and is not for themselves. We'd also ask
that the research output be publicly available in open standards-based
ways. This creates a p2p generated research infrastructure for public

@_date: 2010-04-01 19:28:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source, 
Corruption, cheating, dishonesty seem to go hand in hand with the
drive to maximize profit.
I think even beyond *maximizing* profit, that "control" is the
ultimate goal. thought not all "business" is about profit, in reality.
The word "business" itself has meaning beyond commerce.
My point is that, in my opinion, interoperability/open
standards/access is no longer just a political choice/position. It is
now essential to long-term viability of social systems world-wide.

@_date: 2010-04-02 14:59:18
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source, 
EU should know that if they decide to hand this all over to
corporations, and close off public data, that people will start to
route around EU and companies  and create their own systems. These
systems will then obsolete government systems over time. EU will have
wasted serious resources on closed obsolete systems, and made
themselves less relevant/redundant in the actual decisions communities

@_date: 2010-04-05 13:20:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] introduction to the commons 
Here's what wikipedia does:
You can also get bibtex from google books:

@_date: 2010-04-05 14:03:35
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Re(interest, 
Franz is right.
There is no useful way to use money to measure sharing that I can
think of, for instance. And, everything that happens in "p2p economy"
is not an exchange. Alternative currencies will are useful, but are
not the total answer.
A system of resource co-governance needs a way to recognize the nature
of the resource (rival, non-rival, excludable, non-excludable), which
then gives grounding for the logic about how it is tracked/measured.
It's as much a social dilemma as it is a technical problem.

@_date: 2010-04-16 07:49:09
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urgent request for Ning 
We can use ELGG as an alternative. It's just as nice as Ning. I'd be
glad to set it up... (GNU is looking at using it for GNUSocial right
now, too)

@_date: 2010-04-17 22:49:46
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urgent request for Ning 
Josef, thanks for offer of Drupalgardens. I'll leave it up to Michel to decide.
Patrick, I've got a friend with whom I have already figured out how to
create clouds across internet. "Cloud" is accomplished in this case
with Eucalyptus, and requires newer hardware (a box typically costing
around US 250-300) and sound configuration.
Storage could be done with both newer and older hardware clusters, we believe.
I think we could get away with 3-5 participants. I have a good box,
and currently a good connection. My friend Keith would contribute a
server too, I believe. Anyone else?
Anyone have thoughts on logistics of this?
Patrick, I'd leave it up to you to take the lead on figuring out how
to share the physical sources, only because I have such limited time
to engage on that. But I'd trust your guidance there as I know you
have more than a little thought into this.

@_date: 2010-04-18 16:28:57
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] pessimism on thailand 
Sorry to hear it, Michel. I was hearing about this the other day on the radio.

@_date: 2010-04-19 08:35:19
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [globalvillages] Ning eliminates free networks 
My suggestion was that we can use ELGG  as a
replacement for Ning
There's currently lots of discussion, offers and ideas at
p2presearch at listcultures.org as well, mostly centered around Drupal.
Drupal's great, but I still stick by my suggestion and offer of ELGG
as the best 1 to 1 replacement for Ning, requiring the least amount of

@_date: 2010-04-19 09:59:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urgent request for Ning 
Everything you say makes sense to me. Again, if people want a
replacement for Ning, then ELGG is just going to take way less time.
However, if Alex is right, and p2pf community really wants something
else, and just used Ning because it was easy, then Alex is right that
we should explore that, and it is then likely that building it in
Drupal (or a similar framework like Rails or Django) is a better
Another item that led to my ELGG suggestion:
Moving blog to Drupal: Michel has turned down using Drupal for the
blog in the past.
It would actually be nice to use Drupal, as I am in the process of
helping Michel and p2p foundation adopt some tools that work well with
Drupal (namely CiviCRM).
Anyway, I think you are onto something, Alex. What if we put aside
platform choices and explore needs as you are suggesting, and see if
we can at least get some response from the community about what they
would like? Then, I for one am not opposed to using Drupal to build
what is requested...

@_date: 2010-04-19 11:33:07
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [globalvillages] Ning eliminates free networks 
I agree with Michel and Alex on what Michel talks about below. We can
discuss and plan first, then choose tools and build together. Makes
sense to me.
On Mon, Apr 19, 2010 at 11:31 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-04-19 11:58:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [globalvillages] Ning eliminates free networks 
You can count me in, contingent on my availability over next few months.
On Mon, Apr 19, 2010 at 11:52 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-04-19 15:49:34
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Open Manufacturing] US Social Forum ? 
I am going to this in June. Are you attending, Kevin?
On Mon, Apr 19, 2010 at 1:34 PM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2010-04-20 20:11:32
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Re: [VBbuilders] Why and how work together? 
Sam, your thoughts resonate with what drove us to create
There are many things we can do right now, even with simple RSS, XML, etc
It is the purpose which will inform the architectures, which will in
turn inform the technology choices.
What are the purpose of these connections (this mirrors what Matt
Cooperrider said basically)

@_date: 2010-04-20 20:13:14
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Re: [VBbuilders] Why and how work together? 
Marc, what do you think the essential, core data in an "open deal
protocol" would look like? What data points would be most useful to
you as an entrepreneur?

@_date: 2010-04-20 20:19:13
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Re: [VBbuilders] Why and how work together? 
Hi Michel
One of of our (solvable) problems is that the data is not distributed,
really. It is in mini-silos in each community (or people are not aware
of the affordances for data portability)
We've done some preliminary work on this with
  there is much more work
to be done. If people in the community would fund even a modest amount
of work, we could really do some spectacular stuff with Knowledge
Commons (beyond just distributing data)
Creating inter-operable distributed data infrastructures can make
where you place your data irrelevant over time. We would mirror and
archive (much as internet archive is doing) but also make available in
future applications when useful.
Again, if the community would fund this, we (Forward Foundation) would
build it, and release it.

@_date: 2010-04-20 20:20:53
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urgent request for Ning 
Personally, would recommend not using Buddy Press, which is fraught
with bugs and problems in my opinion.

@_date: 2010-04-20 20:21:16
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urgent request for Ning 
Personally, would recommend not using Buddy Press, which is fraught
with bugs and problems in my

@_date: 2010-04-28 10:36:12
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the future of distributed manufacturing in 
Hi Michel and P2P Research list... (replies follow inline)
Good so far, the above paragraph is indeed true...
The above paragraph doesn't really make too much sense. Most of these
screw machines are now at least "cybernetically" controlled (meaning
as set switches, relays controls the sequence of tools applied) if not
computer controlled. Plus, he just said above that CNC machines are
"really just another form of robot". So, it appears that robots *CAN*
function at such a rate. So the above comparison just doesn't even
make sense at all. They are both robots according to his definition.
I'd love to see the real figures of who is buying up machinery in shut
down plants. I would bet it is not just the Chinese. Plus, it really
doesn't matter who is buying it all up. If there are markets for goods
produced by tooling that is made for mass production, the tooling will
be in use. If not not, the tooling will sit idle. Right now, the
markets for mass production are growing in China (Chinese people
buying products, cars etc) and shrinking in Europe and US.
Anyone with an even mildly functioning brain has to know this is
preposterous. The void of manuacturing in the rust belt alone is
already seeing an increase in new production in many different ways.
ALL production will happen in many different ways.
I wonder where this person is talking about? China? If so, it could be
true. But not here in the US. In fact, industrial parks (city size
blocks of production) are exactly what is DYING here in the US.
Take a look at these pictures:
That empty lot in that picture is your "City sized block of
production" in Flint, MI. It is an empty lot!
Here's one right in my home town from 2 years ago:
I could send you many, many, many, many more from 7 different states.
Each one a "city sized block" where the government USED TO BE
controlled by who owned those city blocks. But now the owners are
What he is talking about here is what is being torn down, not what is
coming. The past, not the future.
This doesn't even make any sense. Centralization is NOT going to
out-compete diverse, agile, sustainable small producers. Centralized
production is dying, not growing.
What plants!!!?!?!? Where are these mythical obelisks of doom he
speaks of? I can at least today show you people producing in their
garages. I simply don't know what the hell this guy is even talking
about. It doesn't resemble anything that I know of that exists
anywhere. Maybe he saw this in a Star Wars movie?
No, I prefer the fantasy of my reality, thank you...

@_date: 2010-04-30 09:35:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] unique identity to every citizen 
We now have a proposal here in USA to tie our government ID to
biometrics as part of an immigration reform bill by Democrats.
In the case of the US, it amounts to needing government permission to
work, which fundamentally violates rights/freedoms of everyone.  This
also creates a foundation for government tracking.
This Canadian journal has some great material on this subject:
(old archive:  )
See in particular the first article by Bart Simon here:
On simple level, I believe people need to decide what their rights
are, and what government may demand from them. Not the other way
around. A significant amount of people in India, and the US must
understand their rights, and oppose the proposed identification
systems. Otherwise, I believe most people will just go along with the
proposed plans.

@_date: 2010-08-02 09:16:40
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] semantic wiki extension 
I agree that we still need a technical mailing list. Perhaps this can
also be hosted on listcultures?

@_date: 2010-08-02 09:56:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] semantic wiki extension 
I've seen this dynamic arise in many wiki communities in the past. It
is inevitable if more than one participant has a strong desire to
affect the info architecture of the wiki.
This problem is a social negotiation problem, and I'd like to
recommend that changes to category structures be frozen or stopped
(including work on semantic wiki extensions), until all participants
in the management of that part of the wiki have time to come to a
mutual understanding, and perhaps in the process create some simple
community rules and guidelines around how the taxonomies are
architected. There are at least 3 major stakeholders here (Michel,
Alex Rollins, James Burke) perhaps others that I am not aware of.
Perhaps one rule could be:
Discuss/debate, formulate a working process, then change (rather than
change -> discuss/debate).
Perhaps changes to our wiki that are disputed could also be mediated
(this may already be happening with discussion from James Burke).
In  we ended up creating
 to create a fair way
to co-govern, and it worked very well (we even used a system similar
to Henrik Ingo's delegations for people not present :-D )

@_date: 2010-08-02 18:30:33
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Authority, 
The first question that comes to mind is:
How do we then *begin* co-ownership of physical resources? Where do we
start? Do we all pitch in money to by hosting?  Does it count if we
are merely leasing a server? Must awe actually fully own the hardware
and network connections? Where will we draw the line?

@_date: 2010-08-03 11:40:54
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New laws in Michigan 
I will report on it.
Thanks Matt!
replies to Alex:
Most of the efforts I am personally involved in encourage cooperation.
I think it's safe to say that regulations or not, cooperation in food
systems tends to trump non-cooperation. That is, if you are talking
about participants in food systems cooperating
This set of laws in Michigan is definitely an improvement. Previously
in Michigan, in order for *anyone* to prepare and sell food, they had
to do it in a health dept inspected kitchen which could not be in any
way attached to or near their house. This meant they either had to pay
to build a new building, or had to pool money with others to create
"community kitchens".
In this state, there are many people in rural areas that will benefit
greatly from the passing of this law.
Yes, even the existing laws that Matt emailed to the list will not
really afford high volume processing. In the areas that i work in, I
avoid high volume growing and processing and work instead to create or
fill high paying niches that high volume producers and processors
would overlook. This is the biggest area of growth, with no
competition from large producers usually, and participants can operate
without directly competing with each other. Also, there are many
income streams that can be had from the byproducts of food production.
The goal is to help participants realize multiple ways of either
generating revenue, or meeting needs in a way that sustains their
operations (usually involves collaboration and cooperation).

@_date: 2010-08-03 12:43:23
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] semantic wiki extension 
Can you tell me why you are not a member of
  were you
denied access to joining that?
I can't really speak to the rest until I know the facts about this first.

@_date: 2010-08-04 17:06:35
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] semantic wiki extension 
It's likely safe to say that others did apply because they did think
it was a good direction. If not, they were surely free to at least
debate and discuss.

@_date: 2010-08-04 17:07:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New laws in Michigan 
I'll try for Monday. I'll check to see if other states might have
these laws, too.

@_date: 2010-08-04 18:16:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New laws in Michigan 
Yeah, mobile meat processing is a popular topic nowadays. It was
probably pretty new, though when you did this, I can imagine
(depending on how long ago).
There are others who just want to move this raising and larger-scale
processing all back into the city (some in Cleveland OH calling for
this, for instance) as it used to be decades ago.

@_date: 2010-08-05 12:08:25
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] community tools in drupal from estonia 
Looks interesting. I have been working on some of this myself :)
I will download and check it out. Thanks!

@_date: 2010-08-07 00:54:56
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
This is another way of saying that a core driver of local economies is
cooperation and collaboration. Both are usually overlooked as a
component of the ecology of local economies.
The reason why is people lack a literacy of cooperation and collaboration
On Fri, Aug 6, 2010 at 1:12 PM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2010-08-08 09:52:24
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] unavailability of home page of blog 
I can load it right now. Could just be a network problem.

@_date: 2010-08-08 10:04:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P-F FTA MOU, fyi 
Can you talk some more about what this course will be like, Michel? Is
this a primer on theory? Or is it a practical/practice course? A bit
of both?

@_date: 2010-08-08 14:43:49
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Sounds to me, though, that it is not all decipherable by Michel.
What is the rationale for including wikipedia stuff?

@_date: 2010-08-09 10:17:55
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
I agree. There has to be some middleground here somewhere. Michel's
concerns should not be dismissed. This is really easy for me to
This assumption is faulty, and seems to be breeding conflict among the
main participants of this resource. You shouldn't have to feel the
need to be driven to fork this wiki. P2P Foundation needs a way to
deal with conflicts like this, before they become destructive to
everyone connected.
I don't think this is an acceptable way of dealing with the problem.
I guess I don't fully understand P2P Foundation as an organization.
Are there not some rules that outline how resources shall be
co-governed/co-managed? If I recall correctly, the wiki was not
intended to be fully open, but was instead accessed via invitation
from you. Perhaps it's time to create a set of organizational rules
that describe clearly how resources are co-governed/co-managed?

@_date: 2010-08-09 10:44:30
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Sounded to me like he was saying: *not* that you were dismissive of
his attempts to chat, but rather specifically that Michel believes you
are dismissive of the specific concerns that he's raised in this
thread. I will take Michel at his word for what he is saying in this
It is reasonable that Michel wants to deal with the problem he is
seeing in a transparent way, that affords feedback from the community.
P2P wiki is a community resource.
I'd like to recommend that you and Michel work this out in a public
forum, not privately. This will help the larger goal that you seem to
have, Alex, which is opening up for more participation.
I am glad that you are doing this. Thank you.
Please accept my apologies, Alex.
I've got a lot of affinity/loyalty towards Michel Bauwens. If he seems
to me to be indicating he's in trouble or conflict, I will move to

@_date: 2010-08-09 12:52:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Thanks Alex, a few replies:
Alex, I clipped out the rest of what you wrote. I believe you that it
may be a valid concern in a debate between you and Michel. It seems
you both have some sore feelings over this for whatever reasons.
You're both good people and have good intentions. Any of us can get
angry and lash out at one another. Yet, we've all proven in the past
we can transcend personal problems and move on together, and Alex
Rollins is no exception to being able to do that from what I have
seen. There's no doubt that Alex is a good person with good
Michel, Alex, James, perhaps we can use this public discussion to
resolve this in a way that everyone can live happily with? (I realize
you've all already said you can).
There's no doubt that as content grows on the wiki, that automation,
and code-based tools will help make the growing volume of content more
manageable.  Yet, the findability and usability of content in edit
mode could create a barrier for Michel, and users like him that are
averse to working in programmatic modes.
I think that it is vital that these modes can exist in the same wiki,
in the same space.
Let's take an objective look at one page that Michel raised concerns
on, and use it as way to come to an understanding.
(I realize that Alex and Michel have already discussed this, and
perhaps even objectively, but I am going to try and re-initiate
The changes Alex made where to add some wiki markup for categories,
and to import content from wikipedia in the definition area.
Michel's concerns were stated on discussion page:
Michel wrote there:
"Personally, I find the new way of loading content with tons of
incomprehensible code that takes hours to edit away, absolutely awful,
and a real degradation of our wiki"
Michel, can you please clarify on this page which code you are seeing
a problem with, and help us understand more how it impedes your
effective usage of the wiki. The goal with this question is to figure
out a way that allows useful technical affordances to be employed,
while making sure that you can still effectively edit the wiki. But
first, we need to understand the problem through your eyes.
I think, of course, we should also understand what is being employed
on these pages through Alex's eyes, too.
Michel also said:
"Please let's not copy wholesale articles from the wikipedia and
especially ton's of dead links. The policy of our wiki has always been
not to create dead links."
I would like to suggest that we could maybe do the following on dead links:
1. We need a way to contact active wiki participants as a group
2. We audit them once per month, by viewing
 and then put out a call
on front page of wiki, and to this list, etc, for people to help build
those pages, with a stated deadline, and a description of what is
minimally needed (should be part of wiki policy somewhere as to what a
stub should minimally contain).
3. If at the end of "x" amount of time, a page is not created (1
month? 1 week?), a bot is used to remove it from
 list (which removes the
dead link)
We can research a way together to automate this (and automate making
interested people aware of the dead links and opportunity to create
What do you think about that?

@_date: 2010-08-09 13:29:07
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Let's also make sure Michel and james are ok with this, all right?
We really need to make sure that at least Michel and you are both on
the same page before moving forward, I think. And, if we do it here,
others will see what pattern is emerging for how things are done
I can help get a bot running on p2p wiki for removal of wanted pages,
but only if Michel and James also agree, ok?

@_date: 2010-08-09 13:43:34
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Thanks, Alex.
I hope Michel agrees with this, as it would allow both you and him to
paste in content from Wikipedia, without needing to laboriously remove
local links. It would also open up an opportunity to show people
connected with P2P foundation where new content is needed (we could
first audit the wanted pages list for pages that are truly wanted, and
not just dead links).
What do you think Michel?

@_date: 2010-08-09 19:26:30
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
In Josef's example, we can only call "profit" by it's name while the
worker simply accumulates wealth. What often happens is that the
worker, over time, either by need, or choice, needs to redistribute
that "profit" towards procuring food, energy, access, etc. Only a very
privileged few have the luxury of accumulation of profit, in reality.
This may be resolvable by the worker owning the means of production.
But only if all or a huge majority of participants in a system opt
into this arrangement can it work in a self-sustaining way. My only
real problem with the workers own everything argument is simply that
many will choose not to.

@_date: 2010-08-09 20:07:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
I pretend nothing.
My point is simple:
If a worker cannot accumulate what they earn, but must re-distribute
it in order to live, it is *not* "profit" for that worker.

@_date: 2010-08-09 20:19:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
The above is in response to Patrick's earlier statement:
"Profit is not a result of Worker Effort, it is a result of Consumer
Dependence caused by lack of ownership in the Means of Production.
So, from a systems perspective, treating Profit as a reward for owners
is dangerous because it creates a positive-feedback loop that further
concentrates ownership into the hands of those few."
What I am really trying to say:
I agree that the technical definition of profit is basically "Profit
is the difference between Consumer Price and Owner Costs."
Josef suggested:
Which really doesn't have anything to do with "Profit" for the worker.
Patrick introduced "Profit" into the discussion in response to Josef:
"Profit is not a result of Worker Effort, it is a result of Consumer
Dependence caused by lack of ownership in the Means of Production.
So, from a systems perspective, treating Profit as a reward for owners
is dangerous because it creates a positive-feedback loop that further
concentrates ownership into the hands of those few."
Sam replies:
"Profit" is not the reward for the worker-owners. If profit is only
"the difference between Consumer Price and Owner Costs" than the
shareholder only gets a share of the total business profit. Once the
"Profit" is redistributed as "dividends" to shareholders, it is NO
LONGER "the difference between Consumer Price and Owner Costs", since
the accounting now takes into account each owners total costs beyond
the business entity in question. The funds, once distributed, cease
being "profit" for the business.
In turn, each worker can only really be rewarded via "profit", if
*their own* "difference between Consumer Price and Owner Costs" allows
each of them to accumulate wealth. If not, they are also distributing
money, not profiting.
You see what I am saying?

@_date: 2010-08-10 11:06:08
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Ok, no problem Michel. I thought I would take a crack at trying to
mediate the issue, and didn't want to just leave you hanging out
alone. Yet, I can respect what you are saying here.
I'll defer to the direction you choose, Michel. P2P found is your and
James's creation, and I'll respect what you want to do with it.
I can think of maybe one more technical solution, which is that a
wysiwyg editor might be used, which will hide code, yet make it
available for those who prefer code. You can still use markup inline
while editing, I believe. Not saying this is the solution to the
current problem at hand. But, could be worth thinking about for the
future.  uses it to try and bridge the gap
between people who code with markup, and people who manage content
without much markup (it gives a view of the content that removes the
markup while editing, usually). Just an idea.

@_date: 2010-08-10 11:17:07
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
I hope you will consider using some different language to describe
what you are talking about. You are using the language, descriptions
and metaphors *from* a paradigm, to argue *against* a paradigm. This
makes it confusing, and it could part of why this is apparently so
frustrating for you to communicate.

@_date: 2010-08-11 11:03:48
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
Yes, there could potentially be some automation/technical improvements
that could happen over time. But they should be done in direct
collaboration with you and James. If you and/or James are disagreeing,
changes should wait until you both agree, or not be done. That's my
Agreed on all of the above.
Agree again :) .  Maybe we should just start this now? A written
process, and a ruleset for governance, disputes, etc?

@_date: 2010-08-11 11:35:13
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] some wiki editing rules 
It all makes sense to me. I'll follow your lead and refrain from
offering technical suggestions for now.

@_date: 2010-08-11 16:07:41
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] On Alex Rollin stated intentions to expel me 
You have my support on this. If someone wants to push you out of P2P
Foundation, then I will work with you where and how you see fit in a
way that continues to allow me to collaborate with you on this work. I
support whatever you decide to do.

@_date: 2010-08-13 16:16:57
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] future of ning community 
We'd in the past discussed replacing it with Drupal, ELGG, Statusnet,
GNUSocial, etc.
I have some fundraising tools on hand for p2p foundation that I'd
gladly put towards this.

@_date: 2010-08-14 09:22:45
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] future of ning community 
This decision is up to Michel and James.
On Fri, Aug 13, 2010 at 8:05 PM, Josef Davies-Coates

@_date: 2010-08-15 02:01:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Welcome to the koqgx group (type of email mailng 
It's typical in yahoogroups. Lots of mechanized signups. Sometimes
happens on google groups too. The best that you can do from what I
understand is to unsubscribe.

@_date: 2010-08-15 02:08:30
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Issue of bullying within private p2p-f 
You don't have to put up with it, Michel. The situation is that a
person is taking up huge amounts of your time and energy, accusing you
of being dishonest, evasive,hurling insults at you etc. You've clearly
and concisely explained your position and reasoning a number of times.
You have no obligation to comply with any specific demands related to
So the question is:
What do you see that specifically needs to happen to prevent the
problems you foresee? What do you need the rest of us to do?

@_date: 2010-08-15 02:30:13
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Welcome to the koqgx group (type of email mailng 
Not exactly 1:1 related, but still worth knowing about:

@_date: 2010-08-17 00:14:35
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] People who cannot escape a system are likely to 
Clare W. Graves (  ) figured this out way back
in the 1950's and 60's. He suggested that people, when confronted with
change, would adapt by emerging new ways of dealing with the change,
returning to previous ways of dealing with the change, or "circling
the wagons" and keeping with status quo.

@_date: 2010-08-17 11:48:04
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] gaming social news 
It's worth thinking about how Digg compares to the
 community. The two sites arose from different
cultures, and very different understandings of media ecologies.
Digg, in part, comes from the begginings of the Web 2.0 bubble,
Silicon Valley, and the notion of "crowdsourcing". Content over
people. I imagine the majority of Digg users as people in office
cubicles, who are not really supposed to even be using the internet
while at work, and who sneak quick peeks and comments and submissions.
It's like a snack, or junkfood news.
Newstrust comes more from the perspective of "Virtual Community",
still in part origins from Silicon Valley, but a different culture
that leans more towards people over content. I think the quality of
Newstrust voluntary contribution is higher, and I think it is because
it is more people centered.
On Tue, Aug 17, 2010 at 11:31 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-08-19 12:16:27
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: "Geo-Engineering" Is A Declaration of War 
Hi folks, a very interesting discussion.
I wanted to interject one thought, which is that in many ways humans
have been "geo engineering" since very ancient times. Many examples
are brought to light in the book
and in turn the academic studies it sources.
Several centuries ago, humans on North American continent refined the
use of fire to intentionally transform hundreds of miles of landscape.
This activity resulted in complex adaptive changes in the ecology of
North America across the continent, including opening up of thousands
of square miles of prairies as habitat for bison, which used to reach
all the way to Western NY, and polyculture groves of nut and fruit
trees and bushes mixed with prime habitat for grazing game animals.
All of this was the product of periodic burning, which cleared out
huge swaths of choking vegetation, making conditions better for food
producing plants, and wild grazing herd animals. We have no idea what
effect this had on global climate. But, you can imagine that since the
climate was, and is a system, there was some effect on the climate due
to the transformation of huge parts a continent.  The history of
Europe has examples on equal scale, and so does the history of Asia,
the Middle East, etc.
There is also evidence of diversion of rivers causing unintended
destructive effects to both civilizations and landscapes (examples
from 1491 include the Cahokia site, and several Mayan sites).
In our modern world, a city is beyond the shadow of a doubt an example
of both intended and unintended "geo engineering".  The effects of
cities on the regional environment and global climate are well
It seems my point here is that throughout history, the pattern seems
to be that with humans, comes large scale ecological, climatological,
and geo logical transformation, intended and un-intended. There's now
a component of ethics, where people are starting to recognize the air,
water, outer space, and the planet as a "commons".  Framing activities
in this way forces us to think about the unintended outcomes of our
We're now dealing with the emergence of many unintended outcomes from
our current and previous actions. So, I take very seriously that there
are many people considering a scaling up of "geo engineering" to
faster temporal scales, and global physical scales. Personally, I
believe our past as a species, and the natural history of Earth offers
us some clues. "Geoengineering" can create a causal momentum, but the
environment in which it happens has a huge effect on the outcome of
"geo-engineering" initiations. If we are conserving, restoring, and
propagating more diverse ecologies that work the way that complex
ecologies like forests work, we'll have a better chance of bringing
back a balance to the earth's systems in a way that can absorb sharp
If we are to pursue "geo-engineering", let the bulk of time, energy
and resources go towards creating/restoring wild or human-made systems
that use cycles of bio-ecology for creation of energy for people and
machines, processing of waste, and transformation of landscapes.
Change the way that many people live in this way, and it will create a
lasting environment of change in the ecology and climate of the world
(as billions of years of living history on this planet seem to

@_date: 2010-08-21 15:00:19
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
Yeah, this is getting really old. People have been talking about open
business and commons based business since around 2004 (I should know
as I was one of the first at open business models wiki hive with time
stamps going back to 2006). That is around the time that I met Michel.
We started BarCamp Bank in France and US in 2006. We tread all of this
territory back then. I gave a presentation at Nottingham in the end of
2007 on Open Business Models for the Political economies of Peer
Production. There are now literally thousands of people talking about
this 4 years later. So, there's plenty of prior art before you on this
subject, Alex.
No one has any claim to Open Business Models, Commons Based business,
etc etc. We definitely do not owe you attribution for it, Alex.
On Sat, Aug 21, 2010 at 1:55 PM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2010-08-21 21:14:47
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
On Sat, Aug 21, 2010 at 8:50 PM, Kevin Carson
Oh snap!
It looks like someone was doing exactly the action of asking for
credit to me ;-D

@_date: 2010-08-23 23:33:45
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
I believe the problems could be caused by the Apture plugins, and
Javascript conflicts with the javascript that is built into wordpress
(plus various conflicts with different browsers).

@_date: 2010-08-23 23:39:53
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] against human rentals 
I could be wrong about Apture as I just checked and it is not showing
up on admin dashboard part of site. But, it is the only thing that I
know of that is different from the last few years of what was deployed
(although I do not maintain the blog, so I could be wrong)
Kevin, what operating system, browser etc are you using?
If you are trying to paste from MS Word or a similar rich text editor,
then this will definitely cause you problems, and is the root of the
problem, likely (if you are pasting from MS, or other document
On Mon, Aug 23, 2010 at 11:35 PM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2010-08-31 09:40:32
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Very important news, and suggestions 
It's also possible to sync up with specific pages, or groups of pages
via the Mediawiki API (and a couple of simple scripts).

@_date: 2010-08-31 10:19:17
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Data Roads: P2P network physical topology. 
Jared, nice to met you!
In Localized Food Systems, and Local Economy projects, we're quickly
seeing results by way of the convergence of a plurality/diversity of
participants. We are in part hackers, but if the ecology consists of
nothing but hackers then technology will tend to evolve to fit the
needs of participants, I think. So, the most rewarding places to start
have been in the convergence of people from many different
backgrounds, who have concrete problems, or clear visions of what they
want to do.
What are legally-usable radio frequencies for long and medium range
data packet transimission? Do you happen to know this. I have not had
time to look at it since the days of guerillanet (around 2001 or so).

@_date: 2010-12-01 13:12:13
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P democracy? 
2010/12/1 Sm?ri McCarthy :
Well, congratulations on getting as far as you did.
This sounds so much like local politics around here that it's scary....

@_date: 2010-12-02 09:49:14
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Pirate Bay Co-Founder Starting A P2P Based 
Related: Further proof that in P2P networks, as new obstacles and control
schemes are attempted, the network of people continue to find ways to
route around and make the control schemes/obstacles obsolete. For
futurists that think about this stuff: it is at least in part the
attempt to consolidate collapsing industrial era infrastructure that
drives and/or accelerates the emergent evolution of p2p systems.
On Thu, Dec 2, 2010 at 7:53 AM, Bertram Maria Niessen

@_date: 2010-12-02 20:18:06
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Pirate Bay Co-Founder Starting A P2P Based 
Looks like it is still around, too?:  (found
this too:  )

@_date: 2010-12-06 09:51:23
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] List was down 
I am now testing to see whether this list is again functional, sorry
for the disruption.

@_date: 2010-12-06 13:11:25
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] List was down 
I think we are still going forward with moving to a different list
host with Franco, so as to avoid this problem in the future. Check
with Michel to confirm that is true if needed.
On Mon, Dec 6, 2010 at 11:59 AM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2010-12-07 07:17:03
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Listmaster Announcement: Possible Migration to 
We at Future Foward Institute/Forward Foundation were thinking about
doing this going forward.
A little after Michel wrote this below, Franco captured a copy of the
archives all the way up to when the list was suspended.

@_date: 2010-12-11 10:55:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
I may not be able to connect via skype depending on timing. But, I
will share that we've been exploring
However, I will share that we've been actively exploring using
 as the core component of
mesh networks for the purpose of extending connectivity. Arduino
devices might also serve as mesh network devices, too

@_date: 2010-12-11 12:57:26
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
Yes, hopefully this will improve over time.
I cannot frame it as a *better* or *worse* choice. It is, however a
different choice as far as I can discern.
I was not aware of Open Mesh previous to your sharing it in this
email. It looks like it could be a good/easy option for groups of
people that want to cover for instance a neighborhood with WiFi
It's feasible to do now (the hardware exists to create WiFi mesh nets
with Arduino), but not within the reach of most due to the reality
that they would have to construct the software to make it do anything
useful :)

@_date: 2010-12-11 13:12:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Apache Software Foundation resigns from JCP Committee 
Further, the project communities of the ASF, home to Apache Tomcat,
Ant, Xerces, Geronimo, Velocity and nearly a 100 mainstay java
components have implemented countless JSRs and serve on and contribute
to many of the JCPs technical expert groups.
We'd like to provide some explanation to the community as to why we're
taking this significant step.
The recent Java SE 7 vote was the last chance for the JCP EC to
demonstrate that the EC has any intent to defend the JCP as an open
specification process, and demonstrate that the letter and spirit of
the law matter.   To sum up the issues at stake in the vote, we
believe that while continuing to fail to uphold their responsibilities
under the JSPA, Oracle provided the EC with a Java SE 7 specification
request and license that are self-contradictory, severely restrict
distribution of independent implementations of the spec, and most
importantly, prohibit the distribution of independent open source
implementations of the spec.  Oracle has refused to answer any
reasonable and responsible questions from the EC regarding these
In the phrase "fail to uphold their responsibilities under the JSPA",
we are referring to Oracle's refusal to provide the ASF's Harmony
project with a TCK license for Java SE that complies with Oracle's
obligations under the JSPA as well as public promises made to the Java
community by officers of Sun Microsystems (recently acquired by
Oracle.)  This breach of the JSPA was begun by Sun Microsystems in
August of 2006 and is a policy that Oracle explicitly continues today.
 For more information on this dispute, see our open letter to Sun
This vote was the only real power the Executive Committee has as the
governing body of the Java specification ecosystem, and as we
indicated previously we were looking for the EC to protect the rights
of implementers to the degree they are able, as well as preserve the
integrity of the JCP licensing structure by ensuring that JCP
specifications are able to be freely implemented and distributed.  We
don't believe this is an unreasonable position - it should be noted
that the majority of the EC members, including Oracle, have publicly
stated that restrictions on distribution such as those found in the
Java SE 7 license have no place in the JCP - and two distinguished
individual members of the EC, Doug Lea and Tim Peierls, both have
resigned in protest over the same issue.
By approving Java SE 7, the EC has failed on both counts : the members
of the EC refused to stand up for the rights of implementers, and by
accepting Oracle's TCK license terms for Java SE 7, they let the
integrity of the JCP's licensing structure be broken.
The Apache Software Foundation concludes that that JCP is not an open
specification process - that Java specifications are proprietary
technology that must be licensed directly from the spec lead under
whatever terms the spec lead chooses; that the commercial concerns of
a single entity, Oracle, will continue to seriously interfere with and
bias the transparent governance of the ecosystem;  that it is
impossible to distribute independent implementations of JSRs under
open source licenses such that users are protected from IP litigation
by expert group members or the spec lead; and finally, the EC is
unwilling or unable to assert the basic power of their role in the JCP
governance process.
In short, the EC and the Java Community Process are neither.
To that end, our representative has informed the JCP's Program
Management Office of our resignation, effective immediately.  As such,
the ASF is removing all official representatives from any and all
JSRs. In addition, we will refuse any renewal of our JCP membership
and, of course, our EC position.
(thanks Rick C. Adler for sending me this link...)

@_date: 2010-12-11 13:31:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
I was not privy to the apparent previous discussion you mention where
you were  "told Workers will be exploited if the Users are the
Is it plausible to discuss these scenarios in a way that seems to
indicate something will happen in all cases, when likely it would only
happen under certain conditions? Do people really believe that in call
cases of user ownership that workers will be exploited? If not, then
why are we even framing discussion in this way. It seems to me to be
destructive to useful dialogue to frame discussion in extremes where
one declares that everything will or will not be a certain way if we
do a certain thing. Reality bears out different results in practically
every case. It's rarely "either this way, or that way". It is usually
that things are either one way, or many other ways.

@_date: 2010-12-11 15:29:44
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Digital Icons Issue 4: War, 
2010/12/11 Athina Karatzogianni :
Athina: congratulations for you and Sebastian! That's really great.
(we also have a baby on the way in June)
It's interesting that currently Russia seems to be going against the
grain of official government responses to WikiLeaks.
Personally, I think that every event like wikileaks phenomenon spurs
on the evolution of distributed internet (both the technology and the
world view that desires the technology). As we all discussed back in
Nottingham 2007: networks of people operating in p2p ways will likely
continue to route around obstacles, and attempts to consolidate
control. The nature of their approaches, design philosophies, drive
that direction of evolution. It seems to be that instead of seeing a
massive shift from everyone living and operating in industrial era
paradigm ways to everyone living and operating in "p2p" ways, we
instead for a while end up with many people who retain the industrial
paradigm perspective in tension/evolutionary conflict with a growing
network of people operating in p2p ways. The evolution of p2p
paradigms seems to me to be driven in part by the conflict, and/or by
the disappearance of previous support, infrastructure, and threatened
resources: when all existing institutions are corrupt, people are
trying to turn to one another where possible.
It's also really interesting to compare where mass media seems to have
an influence on cyberconflict, and where cyberconflict is happening
and largely being disregarded by mass media entities.

@_date: 2010-12-11 15:40:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
Michel may have said this, or he may not have. But what *I* am saying
is that these hypothetical scenarios do not prove or disprove
anything. What matters in the end (at least to me) is what real people
actually do with plug computers. Not what they can, nor what we think
they should do.
Michel could change his position on what you are talking about to a
different thing on a minute-by-minute basis, and it won't really
matter to me at all in this case, until people are actually *doing
something* resembling what we are talking about with plug computers
(or anything for that matter). Let's at least see 2 people doing it,
ok? :)
For me, it's more important to see people doing what we are talking
about AND BENEFITING FROM IT IN A POSITIVE WAY THAT IMPROVES THEIR
LIVES, than to nitpick about who said what. It gets really, really,
really, really, really, really tiresome. :-D

@_date: 2010-12-11 16:15:26
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
Do you have any real world projects that you are involved in where you
are implementing this strategy, so that we can learn from it? Show us
the examples that we can implement. The onus is not on us to adopt
what you are talking about, no matter how strong you think the logic
You can spend a lot of energy telling me how I should structure
projects, or you can structure projects.

@_date: 2010-12-11 16:33:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
I promise you that I am not trying to be a jerk here, and I am sure
you are not either. In general, I respect and agree with your
perspective. However, I think that the way that you are approaching
trying to see what you are suggesting to others being implemented is
going to keep falling on deaf ears. I think that if you invested the
time to prove out what you are talking about with others who are
willing to work with you on it, that the effect would be that
thousands if not more would be drawn to listening to you.
Perhaps you've already done this, and I am not aware of it? In any
case, this is my opinion, whatever it may be worth to you.

@_date: 2010-12-11 16:52:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
Correct me if I am wrong, but I often see you criticizing approaches
that clearly do not fit this description. Your criticism seems to
center on anything that does not adhere to principles you espouse.
Your message seems to me to be summarizable as "you are doing this
wrong, until and unless you fully adopt the approach that I am
discussing". I could be wrong about that, but it's my current
Ok, but the expedition has already begun, for all of us, since they
day we were born. It's a never ending quest. A dynamic and ongoing
expedition. It has elements of old paradigms and elements of new. We
can tell people on an expedition that they should always carry a small
backpack, and should always share their water, and it may sound like a
good idea, but there are going to be times when both of those are not
going to happen. We are going to be in situations where some people
who are participants in our systems are not going to accept our way of
doing things. This includes when people are creating cooperatives,
shared ownership, etc.
A secret that I can share with you is that if you were wiling to *do
the work of implementing your idea within the context of other
people's projects*, people would likely be more ready to adopt what
you are talking about.
People here Michigan use the phrase "Shit tonne" to describe the
amount of work that it would take for a group of people to comply with
re-creating all infrastructure so that it was all completely owned by
participants following the criteria that I've seen you describe. I can
appreciate that you are passionate about getting people to understand
the logic behind what you describe. I think it is a good vision, and
worthy of time and consideration. However, I am passionate also about
creating things people can do now, today, in the contexts that they
are in. This means that there will have to be some compromises, I am
sorry to say.

@_date: 2010-12-11 16:53:02
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the connective 
Ps. that's my position, and you can quote on it later! :-D

@_date: 2010-12-15 09:07:21
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] alternative email infrastructure 
It seems to me that a good long-term option for people that cannot do
their own system administration would be to create a cooperative-run
datacenter (or datacenters). This would likely still leave you
possibly leasing space, T1 or fractional T connection (so
theoretically still in the space of trusting corporate infrastructure
providers) and perhaps other services (energy) . However, this would
at least be different than using free services provided by
corporations in that you probably *could* sue them in some cases for
certain failures (although, you may be signing off on agreeing not to
do certain activities, you'd have to read the agreements carefully).
There have been some folks that have done this in Chicago, and
recently some friends in Cleveland, OH created a worker-owned
technology cooperative.

@_date: 2010-12-16 12:37:37
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] alternative email infrastructure 
One of the challenges in this is that in the US, I believe that the
nature of a cooperative is driven by the shareholders that found it.
So, you'd have to become part of every process of cooperative founding
to ensure that each one is structured the way you hope to see it.

@_date: 2010-12-16 23:45:26
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Yahoo shutting down delicious 
It'd be awesome if we could just share bookmarks right out of the
browser. I've made social bookmarking applications in Drupal and Ruby
on Rails, but it is not the same as being connected to a huge online
community. ma.gnolia was really good too, but was very poorly run on a
system administration level. (now  and also shut
I am going to revisit reddit and Diigo...
On Thu, Dec 16, 2010 at 10:35 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-12-17 11:32:38
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 1st priority - Delicious 
Michel, a recommendation:
Come up with a minimal plan.
1. Export bookmarks out of delicious:
2. Take some time from a P2P Foundation perspective to evaluate the
choices available
Scuttle has been around for a while, but I honestly do not know of
many groups actually *using* it. (feel free someone to show me
otherwise here).
We've been doing a kind of private bookmark/research/blog at
 Meanwhile, we're also building an open
source application that Paul has discussed with you recently. We'll
talk with you more about it when it's ready.
Personally, I am switching to Diigo while we create our own way of
doing this (we happened to have been working on this for over a year

@_date: 2010-12-17 15:54:46
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Is 2012 the end of the world? 
Dear P2P Research List,
Between now and 2012, I'd like to start sending challenges to the
various progressive political groups here in the industrial midwest to
think about embracing what *we* are collectively talking about as a
perspective that can actually make a difference now.
I'd like to appeal to you all to help me think about how to construct
these messages, and how to respond to interest. Let's call this an
experiment, and I'll be happy if the results are nothing more than
creating a new awareness of the emerging P2P paradigm among the
industrial midwest progressive left.
The following is an example of the types of messages that I receive at
least weekly, if not more. These people are active in the fundraising
efforts for the Democratic party. What I would like to eventually  do
is get these people sending out these email blasts talking *about us*
in their emails. That is: talking about the stuff that we are talking
about in P2P It's my opinion that *this* is the real agenda for 21st century
progressive politics in the industrial midwest, USA, and it's time to
get it on their radar for real.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Dear Sam,
Last night, I watched the film 2012, a disaster-action flick that
depicts the destruction of Earth and the fight to survive and rebuild.
Does that sound a little familiar?
It's no secret that a slow-to-recover economy ushered in a staggering
defeat for progressives in November. And while it may have felt, for a
moment, like the end of the world as we knew it, the truth is that
it's our job to face this challenge with renewed determination and
2012 is our next chance to show Michiganders how progressive ideas and
policies are remaking our state for the better. But we aren't going to
wait until then ? we're going to start now, and we need your help.
Can you give $25, $50, or even $200 to get us going?
Everything we've accomplished as a progressive community these past
eight years is likely to come under attack, from ground-breaking stem
cell research to moving Michigan beyond coal and into a clean energy
future. The state Legislature is more anti-choice than ever, and we no
longer have the recourse of a veto on extreme policies in the
Governor's mansion.
There's so much at stake: more than 109,000 Michiganders make their
living in the clean energy sector, and others make ends meet
conducting the research that might one day cure Parkinson's. Every
progressive policy that's rolled back by the incoming conservative
government will cost us jobs, stall our economic recovery and make
Michigan a relic, not a leader.
We're not going to buckle in the face of the most conservative
government Michigan's ever known. We're going to fight even harder to
protect Michigan's clean energy jobs, world-class research centers,
women's right to choose, and our Great Lakes from right-wing policies.
We're not waiting for 2012. We're starting now.
We need your help to do it. Please give what you can today to make
sure we can start now!
Thanks for all you do,
Angela Vasquez-Giroux and the entire Progress Michigan team
Sam Rose
Future Forward Institute and Forward Foundation
Tel:+1(517) 639-1552
Cel: +1-(517)-974-6451
skype: samuelrose
email: samuel.rose at gmail.com
"The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human
ambition." - Carl Sagan

@_date: 2010-12-20 07:00:03
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] "We need more megalopolises" 
I am hedging some bets on this. Existing cities need some serious work
towards creating technical and biological cycles that residents can
participate in, however. And, politically, everything cannot continue
to be geared towards the most moneyed real estate owners, financiers
and industrialists. It's very possible now to begin to arrange things
on a neighborhood scale so that people who live in cities can have
more of a stake in the outcomes of their cities. The largest barrier
has always been in the minds of people who believe it is not possible
for them.

@_date: 2010-12-20 19:17:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: [NetBehaviour] When Free Software Sucks 
Yes, there are some software products out there that claim to be "open
source", yet do not respect the definition of "free as in freedom"
that Stallman is talking about.
 (has recently obscured the "community" edition)
There are probably many more.

@_date: 2010-12-21 00:47:38
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] FW: [NetBehaviour] When Free Software Sucks 
On Mon, Dec 20, 2010 at 11:07 PM, Dennis E. Hamilton
A couple of the many arguments along the lines of what I am talking about
I could be wrong, thought they were doing something similar to zimbra.
perhaps not
is worth reading
 they used to be, but deprecated
Openfire *is* F/LOSS, you are correct as far as I can see, and I am
just behind on the times on this one (which used to have a psuedo open
source license, but apparently went fully F/LOSS over a year ago. They
used to be an example of what I am talking about if I can recall

@_date: 2010-12-21 21:54:42
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what about archive.org as an alternative to 
We used to have some friends that recorded our live music shows and
uploaded to archive.org
Archive.org could use some help in the coming years creating a way to
massively distribute it's archive, in my opinion. They will eventually
run out of space and resources on their existing servers. Other than
that  theoretical issue, I think archive.org personally is an awesome
place to post videos (would still allow you to embed as easily as
youtube does)

@_date: 2010-12-22 08:58:13
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] what about archive.org as an alternative to 
This is true. I say him give this Open Library talk at University of
Michigan.  I think they have around 5-7 industrial grade servers
around the world right now. You are right that it is practical to do
what archive.org is doing now.
The idea for creating a distributed Archive.org actually came from a
discussion we had with Brewster after his talk. Turned out was already
interested in creating some form of distributed storage for
archive.org data before we brought our ideas up to him. I think we're
still going to try and experiment with this in the coming years (a
distributed storage that is limited to a community curated archive,
where participants share part of their hardware to store).
You have me thinking: I wonder what it would be like to distribute the
data, then have many less-than super nodes (like simple serving
applications that people can host on lower cost webhosting and/or VPS)
that act as the first serving endpoints?
Nice! Thanks a lot.

@_date: 2010-12-23 09:53:07
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
On Wed, Dec 8, 2010 at 2:06 PM, Dennis E. Hamilton
I agree that it is extremely valuable to know the history that you are
The conditions of the beginning of the internet, and networked
computers and software, seem to me to have arisen mostly from
companies that had transitioned into a "modernist" culture and
worldview around the middle of the last century. There are still many
artifacts of this time period right here in Michigan, USA where I am
located (the design approach that some call "modernism" had a
significant amount of it's roots right here).
There's no doubt that in the 1950's, 1960's and into the 1970's that
this approach yielded a massive amount of innovation in a very short
amount of time. At that time, everyone in this part of the world still
largely held a world-view that if you wanted to develop a technology,
you would patent it (actually, the majority probably still see it this
way). And, most people probably operated under the assumption that
basic infrastructure was better made and maintained by large
companies, with many specialized departments.
Now, I believe we are seeing a breakdown of those assumptions in the
minds of people, and not just by a small but vocal niche of
counter-cultural people. Economic collapse *does* equal "industrial
era and modernism collapse", in my opinion. It happens a few minds and
communities at a time.
Nothing has changed about IP itself and it's usefulness as a vehicle
to drive innovation. However, people are finding that for instance the
amount of resources, time and energy from themselves and their
communities to create and maintain intellectual property rights for
the exclusive use of a relative few, in some cases reciprocates far
back less than what they are putting into it (sometimes in exchange
they are losing mental/physical health, welfare, freedom, shared
natural resources, etc due to the demands of companies that create
wealth off of IP and exclusive rights). In some cases, the price of
operating in what I am calling "modernist" ways can be very high.

@_date: 2010-12-23 10:19:16
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Zero information banking 
2010/12/23 Sm?ri McCarthy :
First impression: kind of reminds me of ripplepay, except that it is
payments instead of IOU's
More comments in depth soon.
Sounds like a good candidate for a generative, complex systems model,
where Trent has some adjustable probability of cheating with Bob,
and/or Alice on each transaction. This could be worked up in
 pretty quickly

@_date: 2010-12-23 23:48:20
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [P2P-Coop] Choosing the copyfarleft for the P2P 
I never really understood the appeal of "non commercial", as it seems
to me that it is beyond the basic resources of all but a few to
detect/police and enforce the non-commercial use of produced output.
"share-alike", that no matter what you do with the modified output,
you must also make it freely available for re-use as the originator
has. Likewise, for the individual contributor, "by attribution" holds
tremendous value for the individual contributor.
"Non commercial" as a basic licensing concept (whether used in
Creative Commons license or others) is so ambiguous and legally
undefined in case law worldwide, that it seems to be practically
What "non commercial" really seems to be saying is "you may not earn
money through the sale of this creative output without first getting
my permission". But, the definitions of what is commercial in judicial
(legal) constructions extend beyond financial transactions, to include
non-monetary compensations, or secondary transactions (does a website
that republishes BY-NC-SA content and also receives money via a tipjar
and/or advertising fall under this clause, or is their
republishing/modifying/re-using covered under existing fair use
rights? The laws of many countries are not clear).
Plus, on a fundamental (business) level, this set of assumptions:
"The main argument advanced in the essay is that artists can not earn
a living from exclusivity of "intellectual property" and that that
neither copyleft licenses like the GPL, nor "copyjustright" frameworks
such as the creative commons, can help."
...seems to me to ignore a fundamental reality:
An artist or other producer's ability to earn a living by way of
earning money is predicated *not* on their choice of license alone,
but primarily on the *business models* they are operating with. The
license is only part of the model. The most important thing is that
other people *want* to buy what you are making, and that they are
willing to take the time to buy it from you. If this doesn't seem
plausible for a given producer, then a different model is suggested
(not for profit, donation-based model, bartering, etc).

@_date: 2010-12-24 11:52:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Choosing the copyfarleft for the P2P Foundation 
I don't fault your principle. Yet it seems that so much of the
language in the license at
 is open for
potentially conflicting interpretation. So long as you can trust all
participants, this is not a problem. However, what if you get a
participant that decides it is in their interest to try and twist the
language and intent of this license to their ends and means, for
instance in an attempt to gain control of some part of the system?
If we are to be the pioneers of this type of license, it's in our
interest to spend time on the language, and *modify* it to be
something that does what we collectively believe it needs to do.
One example from the language:
--"Except as otherwise agreed in writing by the Licensor or as may be
otherwise permitted by applicable law, if You Reproduce, Distribute or
Publicly Perform the Work either by itself or as part of any
Adaptations or Collections, You must not distort, mutilate, modify or
take other derogatory action in relation to the Work which would be
prejudicial to the Original Author?s honor or reputation. Licensor
agrees that in those jurisdictions (e.g. Japan), in which any exercise
of the right granted in Section 3(b) of this License (the right to
make Adaptations) would be deemed to be a distortion, mutilation,
modification or other derogatory action prejudicial to the Original
Author?s honor and reputation, the Licensor will waive or not assert,
as appropriate, this Section, to the fullest extent permitted by the
applicable national law, to enable You to reasonably exercise Your
right under Section 3(b) of this License (right to make Adaptations)
but not otherwise."--
What is the criteria that determines whether a person or entity that
re-uses is in violation of "distort, mutilate, modify or take other
derogatory action in relation to the Work which would be prejudicial
to the Original Author?s honor or reputation"?
The above seems to be headed in the direction of curtailing freedom of
speech and expression to me.

@_date: 2010-12-24 14:13:24
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Choosing the copyfarleft for the P2P Foundation 
On Fri, Dec 24, 2010 at 2:06 PM, Franco Iacomella
You are right, looks like it is part of all CC licenses.

@_date: 2010-12-30 22:40:17
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] social media and email 
Wouldn't be too difficult to add sharing links in emails sent via open
source CiviCRM by, for instance, embedding into the html email being sent out to people (or placing properly
constructed links into plain text emails which can do the same)

@_date: 2010-12-31 01:23:12
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] social media and email 
Should be possible, contingent on testing it to make sure it works
On Thu, Dec 30, 2010 at 11:13 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-02-02 09:01:43
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] semantic wiki extension 
Since you already have it turned on and are evaluating, I'd suggest
checking out this URL too:
Semantic media wiki extension allows you to create semiotic
relationships between objects.
Example: person(Michel Bauwens) relationship(lives in) place(Thailand)
This could change the way that you organize information, if enough
people will use it.

@_date: 2010-02-06 09:40:15
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The evolution of P2P science 
We've talked with hackerspaces and others this year about these two ideas:
1. Dedicating lots of old hardware to a global cluster (for BOINC, or
for selected other distributed computing software that would be
worthwhile, such as programs parallelized with Erlang)
2. Sharing newer hardware in a "cloud" across internet. Using
 on a custom Ubuntu distribution. We're
doing small experiments with this now. Some of the principles we
outlined in can guide how to build a self-governing server sharing grid.

@_date: 2010-02-06 10:15:57
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Santa Fe Institute economist: one in four 
Wow, that is a freakin' awesome article. Thanks, Kevin.
The pathway that is obscured to these people is one of self-employment. Job
creation statistics don't even include self employed people. My own business
payed out the equivalent of 6 full time employment salaries last year, 10
over the last 2 years. All to people who pay taxes. That is roughly 30% of
what the entire state of New Mexico did in Santa Fe in one year according to
the article!
The situation here in the US is actually becoming laughable. As you can see
by this article forwarded by Kevin, there is a massive opportunity for
anyone to step in and do better than what is currently happening. At this
point, I think you could ask people to send you ideas, print them out and
hang them on the wall, blindfold yourself and throw darts at them, and have
a better chance of coming up with something that works than what is
currently happening in most large corporations, US federal state and local
government, etc.
On Sat, Feb 6, 2010 at 2:57 AM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2010-02-07 13:48:00
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] conditions for successfull resilience 
I am going to comment here while fresh in my mind, and then I will
post and rework it into P2P blog
Robb is right that there is not a 1:1 historical precedent for
creating resilient communities centered around p2p networks (unless
you consider the last 15 years and what people have established on the
Internet, and are now transferring to general existence to be
"history". Arguably there is a recent historical precedent in this
It's great to have theoretical models talking about community
resilience and building p2p networks. I enjoy reading Robb for this
reason. He covers this perspective really well, and challenges people
to think about the dynamic nature of systems they are a part of. I am
now of the opinion that what are asking for the most, in addition to
these theoretical underpinnings, is practical guidance, in their
communities, day to day, for building and sustaining actual resiliency
and actual p2p network-based ways of operating in their own context
right now, today. The fastest way to seeing this happen, in my
opinion,  is by actually working with people in communities. There are
varying degrees of people being ready to solve problems in this way.
Most people generally lack a core understanding for surviving and
thriving in an ecology that is network/systems-perspective, and
P2P-political based. Yet, it is my experience in the last 2-3 years
that people who are "on the fence" can be walked over to understanding
this in steps and phases, driven by their own usually gradual
acceptance of the core assumptions inherent in many-to-many systems.
The illusion that some have operated under is that the industrial age
paradigms can be somehow force-fit into these emerging systems. The
reality is that industrial-age paradigms are fundamentally different
than many-to-many systems.  John Robb understands and acknowledges
this. So this paragraph is not about his writing, but about what I am
adding to the discussion. The industrial paradigm is fundamentally
about "control". The emerging p2p paradigm is fundamentally about
distribution of control. I think a huge amount of people in
communities realize this now. But, they look for guidance in
succeeding in operating in participatory ecologies. Not controlling
guidance, but guiding guidance. Guidance that offers clear paths to
meeting basic fundamental survival needs while distributing control.
For decades, following the commercial consolidation and decline of
Agronomy-based communities in the US, we've all outsourced, and
mortgaged our basic survival needs to industrial and commercial
systems that tend to control in non-distributed ways. Those industrial
systems benefited from us "users" having a narrow focus, guided by
one-way mediums, and funneling resources away from our control as an
"exchange" for food, energy, physical goods, culture "products", and
access. The emerging system massively empowers the individual and
people in their communities. But, having lived and worked in a
previous and arguably collapsing system, so completely different from
what is emerging, there is little available in the environment that
helps many people understand how to operate in this new environment.
Imagine getting into the seat of a Formula One race car, having never
driven one before, and being expected to pull out into a track with
cars wizzing past you at over 200kph, and you can have an idea of what
this emerging environment is like for the majority of people.
How do we help people learn to drive in this new race-car that,
without them getting knocked off the track, or worse?  I think that
those of us who build theory have an opportunity to also synthesize it
into learning, and engage communities around the world that are ready
to empower themselves to actually become resilient communities right
now. Those of us who build tools also have an opportunity to help
people learn how to use them to their full potential. In turn, those
who benefit from the learning have an obligation to make sure that
people who help foster and steward their path to resiliency are
reciprocated back to fairly. I know, Michel, that you have realized
this, and are working to create physical space in Thailand where you
can do exactly what is described here, and likely more that I have not
even fathomed. We are moving into a time of action, now that it is
clear that the theory we have been building is sound in many ways
(thanks to all of you who have dedicated yourselves to forging it). I
think John Robb and many others are right, that if we do not act soon
to make good on the promise of P2P systems, that we are headed towards
a human evolutionary turn that many would likely deem undesirable.

@_date: 2010-02-08 10:03:46
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] conditions for successfull resilience 
Yes, there is no downplaying of the value of p2p wiki and blog as
knowledge, synthesis, analysis, and information sources of tremendous
value. If all p2pf ever did was what it's doing now, it would be
internationally valuable/foundational in the efforts of people to
think about how to apply these concepts. So, no judgement is meant to
be passed by me on theory building.
The perspective that I am having is that people are increasingly
asking me how to apply this theory. I am realizing that application of
p2p theory has likely been viewed as being a massive undertaking,
requiring huge resources, cultural and political barriers, and general
difficulty. Plus, the fact is that the models/theories themselves were
in need of intellectual rigor and exploration to create a core
literacy of what is meant by all the main contributors to this way of
thinking. There is no blanket definition. Yet, we (Forward Foundation)
think there are core identifiable patterns that can be observed in all
of the basic survival needs areas of humans. We are pushing this week
to  publish this document and would love some feedback from this list
when we do.
The point I am getting to is that there are clues about how to
effectively and efficiently apply p2p theory in p2p theory itself. It
can inform design, economics, governance, education, science, resource
interaction, etc. The working idea as I see it is usually that
application begins on the scale of a person, connecting with and
working with another person, and builds from there.

@_date: 2010-02-08 21:02:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] conditions for successfull resilience 
I think that we are developing a pattern lang for P2P, in a way.
We are going to be posting a paper soon.

@_date: 2010-02-16 11:13:04
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Stabilizing Growth through Negative Feedback 
All of this assumes that people will possess a fundamental literacy
for operating this way, and that their world view(s) will resonate
with this way of solving problems.
It also assumes that people will *not* want a plurality of ways with
which to come to agreement around making, sharing, using resources. It
assumes they will want one way.
As my friend Bill Tozier is fond of saying:
"There are exactly 2 ways: One, and Many"

@_date: 2010-02-21 10:02:25
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: on the importance of personal servers for 
In my region, the service providers often block this type of serving.
For a long time, for the same cost as broadband internet, I could
access VPS technology, and do most work in web applications.
Now, we are working with the F/LOSS version of Erlang which gives
access to TCP/IP port data transfer (among other ways of distributing
computing). Ubuntu now uses couchdb  (written in Erlang) for remote
storage with it's "ubuntu one" service
 Also, we are working on experiments with eucalyptus and pooling of
resources towards making clouds.
I agree that these "personal server" innovations are important. I also
think that other factors shall emerge at the same time, such multiple
interfaces (not just the commons devices you see now, like laptops,
desktops, mobile devices. I think we will see more sensors and other
devices used as interface to distributed server systems).
I also here rumours of a few people working on a completely graphical
interface (no-text) for programming, which means that you could build
programs by connecting shapes.
Question (to Michel, Sepp, or anyone):
What are some potentials that you see for individuals (most of whom
cannot program very well) for personal servers? What if you had access
(kind if like with Yahoo pipes, but even more powerful) to interfaces
that let you put together functionality for processing information,
computing, etc, similar to the way you might build a structure with
lego blocks?

@_date: 2010-02-25 18:12:16
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
Just to clarify, the 5 Commons we are concentrating on in Forward
Foundation (Energy, Food [which is really just energy for people but
needs a distinction], "Thing", Culture, and Access) are focused on by
us because we believe they are central to basic human survival needs.
We don't think they are the "only" commons, but that they are core to
basic human survival.
A working theory (that needs some rigid proof) is that meeting these
basic needs brings people closer to the likelihood of non-violence,
social justice, democracy, and liberty.
On Tue, Feb 23, 2010 at 11:48 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-02-25 21:38:13
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
This is in response to no one message in particular.  Just a reply to
 to state:
I *like* the idea of a distinction of a "P2P" commons.  "P2P" as a
pattern language referring to "Open everything":
 and infrastructure of all types
being within the "control" of the individual (in Forward Foundation
 discourse, we are calling this "Access
This doesn't mean that all commons "need to be" this way, but that
this is a description of what a "P2P commons" may look like, using our
pattern language here of what we generally refer to as "P2P" (many
others may not yet be familiar with this pattern language)
It is interesting to look at "commons" through the lens of "P2P".
Previous world views and paradigms seemed to have lacked a basic
assumption that each individual may have complete control of, and
access to, an infrastructure which fundamentally requires more than
one participant to succeed. This means that maintaining systems
requires mutual cooperation, and people of all world views tend to
come to an understanding about this. That is, *if* access to, and
control of infrastructure really does exist at the individual

@_date: 2010-02-26 08:43:27
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
The definition that many people have been applying to "commons"
precisely addresses the co-governance of a limited resources, such as
a shared oven. This is what Elinor Ostrum, David Bollier, and others
are writing and talking about in part. (Not an "oven" necessarily, but
shared resources, like fisheries etc. Read Ostrum's book "Governing
the commons")

@_date: 2010-02-27 09:17:35
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
A few thoughts:
Complex systems possess scalar dimensions, too. Living systems tend to
adapt/evolve to sense and perceive different dimensions and parts of
those scales. It is true that there are no real "boundaries" across
those scales. Alex is right. This is an important question, Alex,
thanks for raising it.
This is discussed starting a few decades ago in "hierarchy theory" (
see  ) and you can trace it forward
into Complex Systems theory from there.
The management of a commons at least works if there are conceptual
boundaries in the minds of participants. This is well documented in
the work of Ostrum. If participants *understand* how to participate
*without* conceptual boundaries related to any resource, then I can
imagine it is plausible they can still successfully co-manage it. (For
instance, if they instead focus on the identifiable things that are
connected in a plurality of ways.)
My question is this: are there any real world examples that anyone can
offer to date where people did not create conceptual boundaries around
resources, whether to co-manage and share, or exploit them?
Would people be able to more effectively participate in a commons if
the map more closely resembles the territory? (shifting and changing
on all scales over time)
The tools that we as Forward Foundation are creating and deploying now
in food, energy and manufacturing systems, do indeed assume that the
picture is more effective if it is changeable over time.
For participants, we do not map "roles".  Instead we focus on actions
and activities. Resources are mapped as subtractable, and
non-subtractable (instead of who owns the resource). There's more to
this, and we'll be publishing about it, plus releasing F/LOS software
that does this soon.
More replies below this exchange:
I personally define "P2P" to mean this:
On the scale of an individual person: this person has full access to,
and control over who, what, when, why and how they participate.
However, there are limits to what that person can do as an individual
with this access. Inevitably, that person, no matter *what* their
fundamental assumptions about solving problems of existence may be,
discovers they *must* connect in some ways *with* other people to
sustain any advantage they gain from this access and control.
What do you all think about that?
(Please refrain from replying to me off list. Your replies of any type
are more useful to everyone in public. Thanks.)

@_date: 2010-02-28 15:00:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning]  Am I missing any commons? 
Thank you Miguel.
On Sun, Feb 28, 2010 at 2:40 PM, Miguel Said Vieira
I actually mentioned Ostrum, and David Bollier in that message that
you quoted. Probably the best *existing* synthesis of knowledge about
commons, cooperation, etc are in my opinion (in addition to work
already done by Ostrum and Bollier as mentioned):
Michel Bauwens Paul B Hartzog Panarchy:
Marc Elliot dissertation on collaboration Peter Kollock Multiple works see Howard Rheingold's Smart Mobs
... as well as many others
We also are beginning to work on this, too. See:
Michel could probably point out dozens of pages where he is tracking
the evolution of theory and practice around this thinking at
 too
In any case, Miguel,  I agree with what I believe is your core point:
While Ostrum was groundbreaking, there is much work left to be done.
We are definitely covering new ground (although there are some key
insights from Ostrum that very obviously apply these approaches. Even
if Ostrum was not optimistic about open access commons, etc)

@_date: 2010-01-05 00:20:57
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] combining open source and coops in the uk 
Awesome stuff, Josef.
We are looking at Cooperatives here as a model for building funds
around. Coops are subject to laws of countries, etc, but there are
usually favorable laws here in the US

@_date: 2010-01-07 08:16:42
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ME-09] Re: Mapping the Open Manufacturing 
Erik, Suresh,
I was able to get contact info for all of Erik's contributions except
for Collective Innovation Framework

@_date: 2010-01-08 09:28:12
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: P2P Foundation backstage 
Michel, this month, I am rolling out a robust system that will allow you to
accept such funding, different types of memberhips, etc as part of the
project I am working  on with P2PF and OK

@_date: 2010-01-11 09:05:17
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CloudFab Update & More 
Forward Foundation is working on creating a partnership with Open
Pario, and part of what we'll map out will be better web
infrastructure. This process may take some time, so hang in there.
On Sun, Jan 10, 2010 at 11:35 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-01-12 08:23:56
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] OSS did not create any substantial number of 
I wonder, though, how many people F/LOSS enabled to become independently
employed? Wonder how many business were able to grow substantially because
of the common pool resources of F/LOSS?
Whenever I see an analysis (of any type) that is focusing on "job creation",
I *know* I am only looking at a small fraction of the real economic story.
You need to take into account independent/small business, which likely sees
millions, or even billions worldwide in direct revenue generation from

@_date: 2010-01-13 09:38:45
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 2010 will be a hot year in the US 
This was also when big companies and government heavily re-invested
back into American communities. You'll *rarely* see that happening
these days.
Heh, I have to say, that this is already how it is now, not how it's
"going to be"...
He's leaving out those of us that are working on creating real
alternatives, right now. Too bad. I guess if you are trying to write a
dystopian muckrack article, it wouldn't help you case to talk about
positive realities. Thanks for telling about what is negative and
collapsing, now lets talk about positive and emerging in the same
places. That's the full picture.

@_date: 2010-01-14 10:18:55
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] User Freedom and the Purpose of Profit 
Hey Patrick,
Patrick, let's talk a bit more about this in the context of the
problem of "access" to materials in open manufactruing projects.
Example: if you look at projects like  which used
"kickstarter" to raise funds so that they would make and release
technology, this is one step away from "pre-purchase".
One problem in the real world is that of trust. How do project
participants know they are not pre-purchasing "vaporware"? This factor
could sometimes sink some efforts that cannot convince people to
In the case of what I am talking about, if all of these people pool
and pre-purchase materials, while sharing the IP, there is really
nothing for them to "own" (there is no company or entity which they
are buying into).
I suppose that in your model, the material suppliers would have to
agree to sell partial ownership in their companies with every purchase
by open manufacturing project participants, etc. But since those
supplier companies likely won't do it, and there may be no other
useful supplier, I don't see how to fully exercise your model in the
real world in the context of open manufacturing. Maybe you can help me

@_date: 2010-01-17 18:54:06
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] why I'm not responding to internet messages 
Really hope everything turns out well for you. Very sorry to hear
about illness.

@_date: 2010-01-21 23:09:35
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] wishes for speedy recovery 
I will post some stuff for sure in the coming week. Take it easy
Michel, and get well!
On Thu, Jan 21, 2010 at 11:07 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-01-23 09:55:36
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why you never see people complaining about 
This post is not just about ?quantity does not equal quality?. This is
about volume of information and how it can affect decision quality.
It?s also about a more scaleable and sustainable ecology and economy
for your activities online.
The technology of the weblog (and more recently the microblog) have
led to the emergence of an *unsustainable* set of media ecology
approaches. Your ability to track, read, digest and understand blog
posts cannot match the exponential volume of blogs emerging on the
internet every day (even just in the subject areas that you are
interested in). The paradox is that the perceived model for ?success?
in blogging, online community building, and representing projects and
businesses online is to ?blog frequently?. The idea is that you become
an ?information source? about particular topics. This is fine if you
have a strategy for being a frequent source of information. However,
if your intent is to be a source of re-usable knowledge, then focusing
on frequency of posting, and statistics of people looking at your web
or blogsite could become difficult to sustain.
The purpose of this blog post is to argue that blogging frequently is
*not* as important as quality of what you write about, if you seek to
be a re-usable knowledge source. A second purpose is to argue that if
your success in the digital medium hinges on the fleeting attention,
focus and choice of other people using the internet, then you are
likely using an unscalable and non-sustainable model for success.
What really makes this approach unscalable, and unsustainable?
The two factors:
1. Volume thresholds
2. Nature of information, and knowledge in networks
Volume of information affects decision quality
(adapted from Morville, P. Ambient Findability: What We Find Changes
Who We Become. O?Reilly Media, Inc., 2005. p.165, in turn adapted from
The Paradox of Choice: Why Less is More, Barry Schwartz, Ecco, 2005,
There is a threshold after which the decision-making quality of people
begins to *decrease*, as the *quantity* of information *increases*.
This means that your reader?s ability to derive value from what you
are publishing will tend to decrease after a certain point. Finding
this threshold is a key component in successfully participating in
networked ecologies. The amount of people looking at your website, or
even linking to your website, are no longer as important as the amount
of people successfully synthesizing what you are sharing with what
they are making, sharing and using.
The nature of information, and knowledge in networks
*Data and information* in networks tends to travel and replicate
exponentially. Knowledge in networks requires transformation to travel
and replicate. Knowledge, as it transforms, molds itself to the
world-view and patterns of understanding of the people who synthesize
it from their perceptions and understanding of the systems they exist
So, what does this mean for you?
There can only be so many widely-followed sources of information. If
you seek to be an information source, you are competing in the ecology
that was described by Clay Shirky in Power Laws, Weblogs, and
Inequality   You
are fighting to be one of the 20% of the population that holds 80% of
the wealth of the ecosystem, if you desire to be an information source
in a freedom of choice ecology/economy.
A more sustainable approach for digesting, understanding, and sharing
for the 80% of people who will not be one of the widely-followed
blogs, is to do it in a form that others can digest, understand, and
This means that you could make one ?post? to the internet in your
entire life, that synthesizies valuable information into actual
knowledge, and that it could then exist as a re-usable knowledge
resource towards theory building and actual problem solving for years
to come. This ONE ?post? existing as information digested, understood,
and synthesized into knowledge, could be more valuable than all of the
information-relaying blog posts that you make in your entire life.
Richard Adler, Paul B. Hartzog, and Sam Rose comprise Forward
Foundation. We are new type of think tank that combines the designing,
making, and exchanging of technology with embedding literacies about
how to use emerging technologies and processes sucessfully.

@_date: 2010-01-23 10:22:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Forward Foundation Distributed Manufacturing 
Greetings OK community,
As part of our collaboration in
 The Forward Foundation
is setting aside time and resources to pursue networked economic
development with a limited number of projects that are profiled in the
Distributed Manufacturing Ecosystem mentioned in an email by Suresh
We are currently working with open pario (
Cubespawn ( and have discussed this with Smari
from Tangible Bit Based on initial ecosystem mapping, we are exploring the potentials
for multiple revenue and self-sustenance models with the projects
named above, then co-creating proposals with these projects for
funding, or helping them launch and build these new activities. Our
model is to make some form of partnership agreement with these
projects that returns our investment back to us. Forward foundation
creates these agreements per project.
We also have parallel efforts in food production/sustainable
agriculture, cultural production, energy production, and software
The main value that we'll bring to the table for distributed
manufacturing will include:
1. Development of F/LOSS infrastructure for making, sharing and using
the technologies that you are developing
2. Useful strategies for digitizing your project, sharing, attracting
and sustaining contributors and collaborators based on the needs of
3. Research and development of multiple *sustainable* and *ethical*
revenue models, and a strategy for connecting these usefully to F/LOSS
hardware without derailing/destroying the nature of the commons of the
project itself
We are working towards creating new relationships based on goals,
needs and resources (the Open Kollab Model) between projects that are
mapped in the Distributed Manufacturing Ecosystem, so we want to feed
this work *back into* the
 in order to strengthen
the portfolio being built by this community.
Over the next 4 months, we have resources to work with one more
distributed manufacturing project in this manner. If you are
interested please reply here, or to me personally. Thanks, and look
forward to hearing from you.

@_date: 2010-01-23 14:07:06
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Forward Foundation Distributed 
Let me confer with colleagues and see if there is something we can do! Thanks!

@_date: 2010-01-23 14:30:39
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Forward Foundation Distributed 
Paolo, we may have a specific contribution done in time or this
Deadline. We'll do our best to contribute

@_date: 2010-01-23 14:32:53
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Forward Foundation Distributed 
woops (I know a Paolo too and think I typed that subconciously) but I
knew you are a she! :-)

@_date: 2010-01-23 15:07:17
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The open-source hydrogen car set to change the 
Thanks Nicholas!
Do you have some form of API on   ?

@_date: 2010-01-24 09:38:20
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Necessary research on open enterprise 
Hi Matt,
On Sun, Jan 24, 2010 at 12:33 AM, Matt Cooperrider
There are multiple angles you could pursue, Matt.
It's my opinion that we are at the stage now where people need
practical knowledge about succeeding as a commons-based networked
There are still serious issues with basic assumptions about
compensation models, the value and worth of labor, and the assumptions
people have about the sustainability of gratis/free content online.
There are approaches to so-called "open enterprise" that are really
just attempts at establishing and maintaining a digital form of
serfdom. The perception is that it is even cheaper now to become rich,
because speculators can divert the value and flow of other's labor
There are multiple widespread mis-perceptions about:
1. How co-leverage the value in networks
2. The core motivations of people participating in networks
3, What people in networks *are* (are they people to build
relationships with based around activities and problems of mutual
interest, or are they resources to be used?)
I've also got some material in

@_date: 2010-01-24 10:43:44
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Necessary research on open enterprise 
More to consider:
There is a perspective that comes from Game Theory (Axelrod, Ostrum,
Hardin, John Holland and now also informs complex systems theory) and
complex xystems modeling that lets us predict in many ways how both
pooling of resources, and compensation systems might work in what you
are calling "open enterprise".
The main question you can ask is: what "game" do people realize they
are "playing"? Those people that are operating under the belief that
they can leverage common pool resources for limited, scarcity-based
short term gain for a small percentage of  the overall people
involved, are actually "losing" the "tragedy of the commons" "game".
You can run actual agent based model simulations of this to confirm
that any one agent operating this way will destroy the pool or commons
over time. This suggests that if/where "open" tends to really equal
"commons", that the ecology is a long term investment pay-off (not a
short term quick payoff).  At times, you may also detect that some
people within an "ecosystem" believe they are "playing" the "tit for
tat iterated prisoner's dilemma" while the rest are operating in a
commons paradigm. They may believe that everyone "says" they are
participating in commons-based ways, but they all are really "playing"
"IPD". These are worldviews/fundamental assumptions that constrain
what people will be willing and ready to do now.
Ostrum and some colleagues authored a book a few years ago worth
looking at, titled "recognizing knowledge as a commons". This gives
some clues about a framework for managing knolwedge as a commons.
My opinion is that the best thing you could research now would be how
existing projects successfully operate with a combination of revenue
models and common pool resources (without the short-term pressure of
the pursuit of revenue dominating and destroying the commons-based
RepRap and Arduino are two "mature" projects worth looking at in
distributed manufacturing space, if you buy into the model I am laying
down here. They have at least close to successful symbiosis (*not*
"integration") of business and commons.

@_date: 2010-01-25 10:40:50
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
I think I agree with you. Not for profit foundations and cooperatives
that are co-governed by participants seem like better candidates for
maintaining the scarce infrastructure than a for-profit business.
This should not preclude for-profit business from using the
peer-produced resource. A good example perhaps is the IBM projects
that are contributed back to Apache foundation (hadoop, etc). IBM
doesn't run Apache foundation, but it can use from and contribute back
to the commons that is maintained by Apache foundation on behalf of

@_date: 2010-01-25 12:44:06
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a new funding mechanism for useful online 
On Mon, Jan 25, 2010 at 11:49 AM, Michel Bauwens
I see. I think a set of processes could be adapted based on those
assumptions, and if they are understood by participants, can lead to

@_date: 2010-07-01 15:32:06
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] resilient detroit 
Thanks Michel,
For me, this summer, my primary focus is developing highly modular and
replicable open source techology for indoor and outdoor urban
Our first effort, here in Lansing, MI (about 100 miles away from
Detroit) is This is outdoor food production of produce, using an intelligent
rainwater/gravity fed irrigation system. The same system will also be
usable for indoor/outdoor full hydroponics. This is designed for
produce optimization (getting the best production per-species out of
produce) and for replicability of results.
Then next step once this is developed and working, will be to deploy
on vacant land around the city, and create multiple indoor
installations, for year round food production. Plus, we can adapt to
high tunnel/hoop house production.
We'll document the growing sharing and other economies while
developing the technology and food production.

@_date: 2010-07-02 09:45:21
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] resilient detroit 
Re:farm the city  yes familiar and I'll mirror content there, too.
That is an effort in South America, yes?
I'll be sure to announce via blog, too of course.

@_date: 2010-07-04 10:18:45
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the internet going down the drain in 12-18 
Without even reading the rest of it: the first thing we should not do
is be scared :-)
An artificial scarcity created around IPv4 will likely quickly fall
apart, as there is already a path to converting  machines over to
IPv6. Exhaustion will affect *everyone*, and thus it is most likely
that the majority of the network will switch to IPv6. That is my take
on it.

@_date: 2010-07-04 11:36:32
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] use of the Internet technologies to promote 
Joon, I am doing similar work here in Michigan, USA, would love to
share what we are working on. Much of it is relevant to urban food

@_date: 2010-07-04 14:56:54
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the internet going down the drain in 12-18 
1. All large commercial entities need access to be able to create many
network addresses. Thus a "shortage" would affect all participants in
the internet.
2. All major operting systems have implemented IPv6 (source:
  ref.
3. There are readily available methods to bridge the transition.
Example: These realities likely mean that most businesses will not risk staying
locked in to IPv4 for the long term. It is very likely that many are
starting the transtion now (for example 4G on mobile devices is IPv6
So, even if there is a crisis in IPv4 exhaustion in 2011, it will only
be a relatively brief problem.

@_date: 2010-07-05 07:55:45
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Eating crow on Google Knol re: Jobless Recovery 
Agreed. There is far more value in retaining this content in Wikipedia
than deleting it.
Starting back around 2007 after the Political Economies of Peer
Production in Nottingham, Paul Hartzog, Rick Adler and myself started
thinking about what it would take to make a "wikipedia version 2",
which essentially could be a way to connect close to any website into
a distributed resource. We figured out a way to get halfway there with
Nearlinking and interwiki links, and the "wiki net"several years ago
in wiki communities online. It worked technically, but people drifted
away and largely lost interest culturally. I think mostly because the
"wiki net" simply took too much work to sustain over time. The
approach needs automation and a sound distributed architecture.

@_date: 2010-07-05 08:12:11
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] An Idea I am Playing With 
Hey Ryan,
I've got some friends in PASA  if that
helps? Join PASA email lists to connect with basically the whole
sustainable agriculture community of PA :-)
I spent some time last year working with people doing sustainable
agriculture in PA. There are not lots of people currently growing any
staples on a small scale in rural PA (or anywhere in US, really). The
people at who are located in Athens, OH have made some good progress in knowing
what it takes to raise grain, corn, beans on smaller scales and
without pesticides/commercial fertilizers. ASFC are strapped for time
and do not have the hands to create any kind of online resources,
though. This is a common problem in Local Food Systems, really.
Sounds cool to me!

@_date: 2010-07-05 09:01:54
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] defining a (programming) language/annotation 
annotation cannot be used as a programming language. However, a
programming language could possibly use annotations applied, depending
on how the system is architected.
Any "Turing Complete" programming language could work to do the basic
processes that make up computation. It is best to create an abstract
of "objects and processes" which can then be implemented in any
existing or future programming language.
I was just thinking to myself yesterday that it is often a bad idea to
use the word "universal" in relation to languages. Because, in this
context, nothing can ever truly be "universal". There will always be
either cases you are not aware of, and/or languages that are not aware
of your "universality" effort. Thus, you'll always fall short of truly
being "universal". Therefore, using the word "universal" is inaccurate
and could be bad for present and future participant understanding of
the real nature of the system. It could create expectations which are
actually impossible.
The funny thing is that what you describe above has already been done.
people *have* made this possible with basically any programming
language. There's a barrier to entry to those who are not programmers,
and even to programmers who do not have the time bandwidth to address
the problem properly.
We started to implement in erlang. Although our initial creation will
likely be simple enough to be recreated in other languages.
The real mission is not to create one toolkit, or one programming
language, or one system, but convince as many participants as possible
to either implement a way for their systems to talk to other systems,
or get them to adopt a system that is designed for interoperability.
We have thousands of systems, but few people who understand that they
need to give the rest of the world some simple way to talk with their
system. It can be *any* standard, so long as it is decipherable and
callable outside of the local program it is deployed in. This would
then create an ecology that would allow *many* systems to be deployed,
*many* metaprogramming languages, etc. The limit would then only be
the limit of the physical resources of servers and machines to serve
data. Many information ecologies have already transitioned towards
this type of ecology (they all usually implement some form of API,
The other major mission that I see, also not creating a toolkit, but
rather making it easier for people to *be* participants. For example,
automating participation through barcode, RFID tracking, GPS tracking
The above 2 combined are the ecology needed, I believe, for what you describe.
(Dante, I removed the 2 email lists you had CC'ed as I am not
subscribed to them and my message is definitely be blocked from being
sent to them. I include p2presearch list which may be interested in
this discussion, as well as Michel, Paul and Richard)

@_date: 2010-07-05 11:01:47
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] defining a (programming) language/annotation 
What you have in mind is what we are now working on in Forward
Foundation/FFI, which is a way to create working models of the various
logics and dynamics of human interaction. Everything we've published
so far is a piece of the puzzle, and there are more coming, with a
large tying-together to follow.
If people want us to publish our work on this faster, we recommend
that they can donate to us (paypal: samuel.rose at gmail.com )  so that
we can dedicate more time and development cycles in the short-term
future to creating this work and releasing it under an open license
(both software and theory).

@_date: 2010-07-06 10:48:32
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] ASCAP Declares War on Free Culture 
Amazing. What is there for ASCAP to "fight" in regards to Creative Commons?
Here's a quote from the alleged letter:
?At this moment,? the letter says, ?we are facing our biggest
challenge ever. Many forces including Creative Commons, Public
Knowledge, Electronic Frontier Foundation and technology companies
with deep pockets are mobilizing to promote ?Copyleft? in order to
undermine our ?Copyright.? They say they are advocates of consumer
rights, but the truth in these groups simply do not want to pay for
the use of our music. Their mission is to spread the word that our
music should be free.?
Whoever wrote this letter and sent it out to ASCAP members IS
COMPLETELY CLUELESS ABOUT WHAT THEY ARE F*&^%$# TALKING ABOUT.
Creative Commons, Public Knowledge, and EFF are promoting "copyleft"
as an alternative for people to voluntarily choose. "Copyleft"
absolutely *does not undermine copyright*. ASCAP, YOU ARE WASTING
LIKELY TENS OF THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS FOR NOTHING. There are probably
some starving children, or dying people somewhere who might benefit
from this money that you've basically pissed into the wind on
absolutely nothing.
Let me help you with this, ASCAP:
If *I* write some text, create and record music or a movie, etc  IT IS
MY RIGHT TO RELEASE IT UNDER ****ANY CONDITION I CHOOSE****  Read that
carefully, ASCAP people. I may *voluntarily* place ANY conditions
(within the bounds of the law) on my creations. "Copyleft" are
conditions placed on content by THE CREATOR OF THE CONTENT. The
creator is the PERSON WITH THE RIGHTS.  The creator CHOOSES, NOT
So, let's pretend that every content creator in the whole wide world
decided to copyleft their work, except one lone guy who still decided
to copyright his work, all rights reserved, etc. Does this mean that
the copyrighting guy's work is in danger? Emphatic NO. Under our
existing laws, the guy who chose copyright is STILL PROTECTED UNDER
CURRENT LAWS.
So, basically, ASCAP, you want your members to pay to help you take
away my RIGHT to choose how I release software, content, etc?  ASCAP,
do you realize this is what you are proposing?

@_date: 2010-07-08 09:48:41
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] use of the Internet technologies to promote 
Joon, the current focus/project I am engaged in is
 as well
as  in collaboration with P2P Foundation

@_date: 2010-07-08 09:49:39
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] use of the Internet technologies to promote 
should have actually been sent to you as
Sorry about that.

@_date: 2010-07-08 11:29:25
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open source vs crowdsourcing 
Wow, thanks James. I've been getting tired of seeing people talk about
"crowd" this and "crowd" that. "Crowd" is really an extension of 20th
century industrial era thinking. Like "human resources" just
extrapolated to "crowds" of people. In the end, in the industrial era
paradigm, everything is "labor and resources" to be used and consumed,
including people.

@_date: 2010-07-09 20:34:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Social-discuss] Announcing P2P GNU Social 
An update on GNU Social Project...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
For the past few weeks, Miron Cuperman and I have been thinking about
how to do social networking in a p2p and privacy-enhanced way. We've
come up with some code and documents that describe a distributed social
networking system that is able to make and enforce strong guarantees
about user privacy while still providing usability in the same vein as
traditional, centralized or hub-and-spoke services. We've collected this
into an effort to build a P2P GNU Social.
The GNU Social P2P effort attempts to create a distributed,
privacy-enhanced and privacy-enforcing, user-controlled social network.
The goals of the P2P effort include:
* User Control - The user can run their own node on their own machine
with maximal ease of use and maintenance - it shouldn't take a sysadmin
to be social
* Privacy controls are not merely stated, but are enforced by strong
cryptography and time-tested protocols. All user data, including the
social graph, is private by default.
* Transparent developer access to other social networking systems,
including OStatus - the modular transport/translation system of the P2P
GNU Social will ensure that from the point of view of the end-user and
developer, there is only One Big Network.
* Modularity - Components in the node stack should be separated such
that it is simple to add and remove components. A full, working GNU
Social P2P node will be composed of several different individual
programs, and several different user interfaces. A strong client-side
API should enable developers to integrate P2P GNU Social into all
relevant existing desktop applications. Some of you may remember this
design from the document I posted to this list some months ago[1].
* Composition - Whenever possible, P2P GNU Social will borrow/loot from
existing Free protocols and implementations, though all code written by
us will be licensed under the AGPL.
To learn more about the P2P GNU Social design and structure, visit
. Currently, we have a
prototype for the GNU Social "core", written in Java, hosted on
Gitorious here: . We also have our
own mailing list at and an IRC channel at .
We need people to help make this system a reality, by hacking on it and
fleshing out the protocol. Some things that people could get started
with include transport layers or translators for pre-existing networks,
and building user interfaces, ranging from a basic prototype to
integration with existing "social desktop" initiatives and mobile
We'd like to emphasize that this is **NOT** a fork of the mainline GNU
Social. StatusNet GNU Social and P2P GNU Social fulfill different niches
in the social networking space and should interoperate fully. If you
have to choose on one implementation to work on, it's probably better
for you to work on StatusNet GNU Social - there's more maturity and
it'll be possible to create free social networking systems faster. We
expect that P2P GNU Social will be more of a "research" effort - a
vanguard into privacy-enhanced social networking - which other social
networking systems, including and especially StatusNet GNU Social, will
be able to learn and build from. We have signed copyright assignment
papers with the FSF and expect contributors to do so as well.
We hope that many of the questions people have about how the network
works and how it guarantees privacy can be answered by our design
documents on groups.fsf.org, but please feel free to ask further
[1]

@_date: 2010-07-10 09:59:48
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The link between poverty, 
I wonder what Quadir means by: "Poverty is the natural beginning state
of all societies, east or west."
In general I can agree with the criticism that it is not a "natural
beginning state". Yet, I wonder where this is sourced from. It would
be good to see it in context to be sure this is what Quadir actually
Sam Rose
Future Forward Institute and Forward Foundation
Tel:+1(517) 639-1552
Cel: +1-(517)-974-6451
skype: samuelrose
email: samuel.rose at gmail.com
"The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human
ambition." - Carl Sagan

@_date: 2010-07-19 10:20:24
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] newsweek on The Creativity Crisis 
This could be right. I recall I believe it was Michel that pointed out
on this list a few months back that when the "cold war" ended in the
US, government funding for culture also dried up. The government
funded culture (public access television, arts, theatre, etc in
communities) as part of the "cold war"
(looking for other that are more objective)

@_date: 2010-07-20 10:36:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] wiki controversy .. 
The work of P2PF is extremely important to me, so I am very glad that
it is worked out. I understand why Michel may have had anxiety about
this for sure, given all he's done over the past 5+ years (and all
he's been through to get there).  I also think it's great that Alex
has come forward to help with the P2P Wiki.  Thanks for everything
you've done Alex, Michel, James, and everyone else
Sam Rose
Future Forward Institute and Forward Foundation
Tel:+1(517) 639-1552
Cel: +1-(517)-974-6451
skype: samuelrose
email: samuel.rose at gmail.com
"The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human
ambition." - Carl Sagan

@_date: 2010-07-21 11:30:02
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] criticizing zeitgeist movement and venus project 
Robin, these are good points. I have a feeling these approaches are
used because they are good ways to attract lots of people to
affiliate. The problem is that the actual reality of things can be
affected by the disinformation about them.

@_date: 2010-07-27 08:58:47
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sharing of Resources : when multiple users need 
Yes, exactly, this is why I sent this to you a while ago. Someone else
replied that this does not really apply to humans and human activity,
but I disagree.
The problems of starvation and deadlock most assuredly emerge in human
systems, and dining philosophers gives some practical insight into
ways of dealing with it.
Dining philosophers indeed could be related to the public/private
property problem in this way.

@_date: 2010-07-31 10:53:41
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why do we not choose Permaculture? 
Part of the "why?" is that the human as a species (and as individuals
and societies) are not always logical, inductive of environment,
anticipatory, and objective, but rather are primarily driven by what
they believe to be their *fundamental problems of existence*.
If a given human, or group of humans, believes that responding to the
complexities of existence requires foresight, logic, and response
appropriate to environment, they may come to the conclusion that
permaculture is a worthy investment.
But, if a different group of people believe, for instance, that
appeasing a God, or controlling physical reality, projecting the most
physical power, etc are the real fundamental existential dilemmas they
are trying to solve, they may instead choose other priorities for
investing their energies in during their time in this world.
For any person or people, "why" they may or may not employ a given
practice very often depends on what they perceive as the fundamental
existential dilemma, or what they believe dominates as fundamental
existential dilemma in the system they live in.

@_date: 2010-06-03 16:22:17
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Seizure of BP assets = Public Domain Renewable 
I think it is a great idea. Guessing that it would need the support of
at least tens of millions of people to come to actual fruition. I
think this is possible given how many are outraged. I am thinking
it'll need to be pushed by the really widespread channels (moveon.org,
etc) This is an election year in the US, so certain politicians might
also see an opportunity in what you are suggesting...

@_date: 2010-06-09 14:03:32
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: open source culture and the iphone 
I love this.
Android is already outselling iPhone and it is far more open of a platform.

@_date: 2010-06-09 14:34:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Junto and a possible "social software stack" 
We've been using  which is all
red5 flash based (totally open source) for about 3-4 months now. It
shows that this can all be done without proprietary code.
If we can convince more developers to stop developing in proprietary
flash, and start developing in open laszlo and red5, we think this
will help the cause of rich internet applications that are actually
Free/Libre Open Source software.

@_date: 2010-06-10 11:15:49
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] towardsa an autonet 
I love the concept, but it looks like their old project space from
last year is now gone :-(
...and  as the default apache webserver response "It works!"
That old email that dante refers to
discusses the following:
For those who have the technical knowledge, and interest, I would like
to discuss this right here.
The next development we are working on now with
 is to auto
discover protocols within a proximity, and create connection based on
matches. The reality we are in now is that commercial networks will
soon reach a limit of the capacity they can handle under current
growth conditions (growth of devices, growth of usage of bandwidth
even among existing users, etc). Let alone the whole issue that
governments and corporations are likely to start creating "great
firewalls" and restricting freedom. Even if no freedom is restricted,
the capacity of networks vs the demand from devices seems likely to
create an unsustainable disparity over time. (Devices meaning not just
desktop, laptop computers and mobile devices, but new network
connected devices like sensors, robots, devices in cars, etc). The
first available capacity is within each device: it's surplus
processing power, bandwidth, distributed proximity, energy supplies,
Realistically, these networks need the ability to create p2p networks,
and *also* participate in government controlled networks. Yet, for
sure, they need to be able to stand on their own.
I think the problem could be tackled with the development of 2
"modes", and this is what we are doing no with
1.Development of  failover to p2p: When devices exceed capacity in
traditional systems, they failover to p2p and use available shared
resources from any device in the network that is participating in the
2. Development of failover to controlled networks: devices primarily
network as peers, using shared resources first, and failover to
traditional commercial/government controlled networks.
More details to come...

@_date: 2010-06-12 23:26:27
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Introducing Michel and Gael 
My critique is fairly simple, and for all I know, it could be wrong:
Where is the open standard published at, and how do I begin to use it in
blogs, wiki engines, social network sites, online phone applications, etc
etc, today?
That's it.
There is
And these examples:
is a step in the right direction
However, I find no documents, specs, RFC's, anything that shows me how to go
about creating a currency as they have done, using xgfl. Plus, xgfl to me
does not seem appropriate, nor robust enough as the basis of a standard for
metacurrencies of many types. Can anyone please correct me, or show me
otherwise? It is common when I discuss this topic with people, for them to
immediately refer me to this project, but I am not finding much that I can
replicate and use right now, today.
All of that said, I agree with most if not all of the core principles that
are espoused at 2010/6/12 Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-06-12 23:54:20
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Introducing Michel and Gael 
Ok, Thanks.
Nice to meet you all (or talk to you again as the case may be)

@_date: 2010-06-13 10:36:53
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] faroo p2p search + facebook quitters 
Thanks Michel, a few comments:
This all boils down to the way the application is made. In the case of
skype, the control of sharing is automatic. I assume it is the same in
spotify. If control of sharing is automatic, I believe many people
will find cost/benefit in their favor (as they have with skype).
Indeed it is not simple to do this. But, in the end, if p2p is to
become part of our computing infrastructure, it will be a necessary
We have a chance now to think about how to make this very open and
accessible. It is my opinion that as the power and quantity of mobile
devices increase, the development platforms will begin to make this
more and more possible. I've looked at android and iphone SDK, and so
far they really have nothing like this (I personally would not bother
developing anything for iphone. I now see it in the same light as
microsoft. Far too closed and proprietary).
On a technical level, I think we have one piece of the underlying
puzzle with  in terms of a way for devices
and programs to discover how to talk with one another.
What is missing is a system to manage what is shared per device, and
what shared resources that in turn gives each device access to. This
then becomes a framework for how applications operate. They are
developed from the beginning for interoperability, and distributed
I have heard this worry, and what many people do not realize is that
this could be happening now with systems such as skype, etc. In shared
systems, individuals simply cannot be responsible for how the many are
using those resources that they share. It is also possible to restrict
your sharing to trust networks. This will decrease the resources
available, but come closer to ensuring that you know who participants
are. (This is only a worry when you are pooling resources for data
storage and passing.)
  FAROO is
interesting. It only runs on windows right now. Are they developing
this openly? That could be a way to get contribution towards Mac and
Linux versions...
Here is development history: Anyone know more about the development of FAROO?
Sam Rose
Future Forward Institute and Forward Foundation
Tel:+1(517) 639-1552
Cel: +1-(517)-974-6451
skype: samuelrose
email: samuel.rose at gmail.com
"The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human
ambition." - Carl Sagan

@_date: 2010-06-13 11:09:48
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] faroo p2p search + facebook quitters 
Hahahah! Love it, so true.... :-)
I think this
This is true, too. The belief that people want to fill out tons of
forms and profiles is usually not reflective of reality. They might do
it to find life or romantic companionship, or because a potential
employer requires them to. Otherwise it takes some real dedication and
digital media-literate thinking to inspire people to create extensive
ontologies about themselves and their activities. Even when it was
easy (like the lists on Myspace and Orkut) it was not really the
center of activity, or even findability (other than datamining for
One place where metadata has exploded is social bookmarking. Through
work I've done in social media classroom and other projects, I have
seen that a significant amount of users who use browser bookmarking
for online research tend to gravitate towards social bookmarking. This
happens for personal reasons ( resources are now available to any
machine) and social reasons (research can be shared and coordinated).
Ontology mapping based on social bookmark, citation sharing, and other
research and work sharing can generate far, far more value than trying
to match "profiles" of people who might collaborate,  I think. Reasons
1. The data that is "matched" is immediately potentially valuable to
both parties
2. The data itself is already moving towards being information that is
synthesized and distilled into knowledge
3. The research (shared bookmarks etc) are created in the pursuit if
various areas of interest or even problems being addressed.
That doesn't mean social bookmarking data alone can be used to
establish whom among the people you do not know would be good as
potential partners in direct collaboration. Yet, approaches for shared
learning are very easily developed centered around bookmark sharing
(as well as sharing links in microblogging channels, rss feed sharing,
links shared on social networks, etc)
This is a great point. We proved this 5-6 years ago with
 wiki engine, and the "wiki net". OddMuse is
flexible enough to be molded into blog, microblog, wiki, forum,
distributed social network, rss sharing, wiki farm, presentation
sharing, collaborative graphic editor, etc OddMuse happens to have
lineage from the very first wiki engine (WikiWikiWeb by Ward
Cunningham ).  I've had 2 wiki hives running oddmuse for a number of
years at  and
  OddMuse is missing
a number affordances that could have led to widespread adoption. Yet,
it is still extremely powerful, and can be used to create the
equivalent of virtually any web application you can think of.

@_date: 2010-06-14 15:10:08
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Homebrew Industrial Revolution: A 
Great work, look forward to reading it
On Mon, Jun 14, 2010 at 2:20 PM, Kevin Carson

@_date: 2010-06-16 12:03:26
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] updated Business Models wiki section 
This is cool.
I was tracking this about 3-4 years ago with "Open Business Models
Wiki", but I would readily agree P2P wiki is a better home.
For whatever it is worth, my recent thinking about business models
with the word "Open" in them is this:
Business models that employ the word "Open" are really incomplete if
they are solely focused on what happens with revenue (even if that
focus is related to sharing of revenue).
The part of the model that is unique to each business entity or group
is: "what is shared?"
Based on the questions "what is shared?", or "what can be shared?" the
business model can evolve per business to include many types of
sharing. This is mostly limited to what the participants are *willing*
to share together as a group.
Sam Rose
Future Forward Institute and Forward Foundation
Tel:+1(517) 639-1552
Cel: +1-(517)-974-6451
skype: samuelrose
email: samuel.rose at gmail.com
"The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human
ambition." - Carl Sagan

@_date: 2010-06-16 16:31:14
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] updated Business Models wiki section 
It's funny that you mention this. In 2009 I started using the phrase
"Wealth generating ecology" in place of "Open Business Model" to try
and give a more effective description of what I am talking about with
"open business" or "commons-based business" models.
Although, I suppose one could argue that "Business" is not always a
pursuit of "wealth generation"....
I still think this resembles across worldviews the core activity that
people are pursuing in relation to what most are referring to as
"open" or "commons based" business models.

@_date: 2010-06-16 16:56:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] updated Business Models wiki section 
For me, is too late.
Myself and my partners Paul Hartzog and Rick Adler all agreed long ago
that we would refer to this as "Wealth Generating Ecologies", and have
been doing that extensively. Although, we do not expect others to
automatically adopt out language and ontologies etc.

@_date: 2010-06-17 11:19:21
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] land multipliers 
I agree that the way cities are managed with regards to food and
energy cannot be sustained. Vinay is right that food production in
general is going to need to increase, possibly exponentially
A few thoughts from my own experiences with urban agriculture
1. 1 acre of arable land could certainly support more than five
people's food needs annually, if it were effectively managed.
2. The tops and interiors of structures contain a huge amount of
unused space in cities.
3. I have witnessed the incredible power of soil production firsthand
in urban settings (via both composting and vermiculture). The current
food waste in a typical city could easily be converted to enough soil
to support the food needs for a large number of people
My point is that a large city like London, NYC, Mexico City *could*
supply it's own food needs now with existing resources, solar and wind
energy (likely with surplus). It would take a concerted effort (likely
at least some degree of participation by a majority of people in the
city, until it becomes clear as to what can be automated)

@_date: 2010-06-17 13:36:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] land multipliers 
Thanks, Rick.
I don't think that it is conclusive that London could not support
itself within it's own geographical space with agriculture. Depends on
how it would be done, I think.

@_date: 2010-06-18 11:01:48
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] land multipliers 
Yes. Even when that discarded food for whatever reason cannot be
redistributed as food, it could still be composted and turned into
soil, or bio-digested and turned into energy. Even this is currently
not happening on any large scale in most cities now.

@_date: 2010-06-20 12:32:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] to check out: mybanco 
I took a look at this a few weeks ago.
A few thoughts (via ohloh):
Mostly written in PHP (Sam adds: for financial applications, this
means more work is necessary to make the application secure)
Short source control history (Sam adds: last commit was Apr 2009 )
Only a single active developer

@_date: 2010-06-21 20:35:59
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Controllng networks (was Re: cutting cultural 
This insight has me thinking (a divergence from :
When and where p2p and many-to-many networks emerge, fill in voids
left by collapsing old industrial era systems, and eventually come to
dominate, we have a potential problem related to:
1. Information cascades
2. Issues of perception and belief in networks
Distributed networks where information is primarily sourced from a few
PR or news sources, can be attacked with disinformation. These
networks can at least briefly be harnessed by way of having command of
what is widely perceived within them.
I don't yet know how much work has been done on perception in
distributed (or "p2p") networks. But, it seems to be one way that
these networks can go from robust to "fragile" (looking into this
now). Literacy of participatory media, and ability to discern valid
information and knowledge from disinformation seems key.
Just some thoughts (starting a new thread so as not to hijack the
cutting cultural budgets thread)

@_date: 2010-06-22 00:02:46
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cutting cultural budgets 
Mike, I think it is likely not accurate that many US-based readers of
this thread with respond with pro-US viewpoints. At least for those of
us in the US who are regular readers and respondents to p2presearch
listl anyway.

@_date: 2010-06-22 11:53:20
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: "economic catalyst" 
Dante, can you explain what you mean when you use the word
"accreditation" in the email below. Usually to me "accreditation"
refers to something like what is discussed here:
  so I am just trying to
discern what meaning you are giving it in the email you wrote below.
(you've used it in other discussions too, and I am having trouble
catching your meaning)

@_date: 2010-06-22 18:12:03
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: "economic catalyst" 
Ok, it makes sense now.
You are referring to a mutual (p2p) accrediting between individuals as
a way of recognizing one another as a legitimate source or trusted
participant in a system.
I wonder if there might be a way that we can put this into practice
over time between the two of us? It doesn't matter to me so much which
site, software/technology, or currency we use, so much as what we
choose to transact around (after all, on a smaller scale with just a
few participants, we could even track in a google spreadsheet or
something similar for example)
So, what should we sell each other, trade, or share with each other, Dante? :-)

@_date: 2010-06-23 14:15:36
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Doors of Perception: March 2010 - Who will 
I'd say at any given time, across the face of the globe, growth is
most appropriate in some spaces, while not appropriate at all in
others. The question is "growth of what, and when, and where, and
For instance, what about "growth" of urban food production? One could
argue for it in many ways. By the same token, one could argue against
"growth" of surburban development in many ways.
Natural ecologies take advantage of growth when appropriate, and
adjust to slow it down when appropriate. Think of how a landscape
fills in with just a few rapidly propagating species after a fire,
then growth slows down and stabilizes into diverse brush and small
tree ecology, then more diverse and even slower forest ecology. (The
same happens in ocean coral reefs over time)
Human (and natural) ecologies worldwide are too complex to argue for
or against "growth" in a blanket way.
On Wed, Jun 23, 2010 at 10:50 AM, Paul B. Hartzog

@_date: 2010-06-23 21:49:46
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] wikinodes .. 
That's an old experiment we started on CommunityWiki that kind of died
off after while (a new take on the old "Bus tour" going all the way
back to first wiki). However, many of the "nodes" still live on
various wikis. Not sure what you'd do with it these days.

@_date: 2010-06-23 21:53:50
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] wikinodes .. 
It was an experiment to create a standard wiki page namespace
"wikinode" that would describe the purpose of the wiki you are on, and
wiki communities that consider themselves "connected" There are a few
hundred wikis that possess them. Example:
 (see how it links back to
p2p wiki?)
The main rallying wiki for wikinodes movement is now offline :(  It
could explain more

@_date: 2010-06-24 10:32:59
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wiki Content License 
I don't know what led to the choice of license. But, as far as what
the license means, the best source is the legal language of the
license itself:
Section 4c 4eii and 4eiii in particular seem to clarify what is meant.

@_date: 2010-06-24 10:53:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Forward Foundation Communications and Projects? 
The currency/resource management stuff is still being developed by us
at this stage. This summer, we are working with different food
producers here in the midwest to test much of this out, and
documentation, software releases etc will increase rapidly. We're
committed to releasing everything we have in the open (under some
equivalent of BY-SA license, no "NC"), in all cases.  In this case,
since we hope to publish something about this, plus present it at
various conferences, we being selective about when we openly release.
I think this is fair, as we have a number of combined years into
thinking about this. We've all really put a HUGE amount of time and
energy into this over the last 3 years (much of this economic research
work thus far uncompensated by anyone, save for our work with IFTF on
cooperationcommons.com in it's early stage as an IFTF project). So, we
are giving ourselves time to do something useful, and really connect
it with real world problems, needs etc, plus thoroughly think about
it. In the case of what you ask about above, this will developed in
conjunction with food networks we are building over time (starting
with open source technology based urban indoor hydropnics and
eventually vacant land extended growing season hoop house approaches).
At Forward Foundation/Future Forward Institute those of us who are
owning members of that social enterprise for profit/not for profit
entity have opted to create a policy and approach to participate in
existing communities on and offline, instead of creating our own
community. (email lists, blogs, forums, etc)
We're working on an "ecology" site right this very moment that allows
others to follow where and when we are engaging other communities.
This should be ready to share very soon, in fact.
We also store much of our in-progress work at wagn.holocene.cc though
this is large just a disorganized transparent internal workspace at
this time, and not meant to be a public collaboration wiki. We'd
rather do that actual collaboration in p2pwiki, metacollab.net,
communitywiki, this email list, etc

@_date: 2010-06-24 11:08:34
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wiki Content License 
It's not clear (other than the BY-NC-SA license declared, which at
least means that you agree by writing on the wiki that I may re-use
your work under BY-NC-SA license)
My understanding:
Common law is that your license on your site would dictate how that
content may be re-used. If you place no license on your site, then
publish on p2pwiki (or any community site with a CC declaration) you
now agree to BY-NC-SA by publishing on a site that states all work is
published that way,  and declaring no prior license on your site.
However, if you only publish on your site, and declare no license or
copyright, etc. Common Law is interpreted that you hold all rights to
your work unless you explicitly declare otherwise.

@_date: 2010-06-24 21:43:20
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How cooperation and collaboration may be "gamed" 
Based on a question from Venessa Miemis to me about whether I thought
cooperation and collaboration can be "gamed"

@_date: 2010-06-25 19:57:12
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wiki Content License 
My take:
I think contributors to p2p wiki should agree to allow anyone to
re-use their content for anything, provided the give attribution to
source, and share-alike. I think that there could be a rule that "by
contributing to p2p wiki you agree to these terms". Just my opinion

@_date: 2010-06-26 10:26:18
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Wiki Content License 
It depends on:
1. The law of a given country
2. The way that fair use is employed (thorough referencing is best to
make the case for fair use)
3. The purpose of the wiki in which content is re-used under "Fair use"
For instance, if p2p wiki itself is considered to be primarily for
non-commercial, educational and informative purposes, and content is
added from elsewhere under "Fair use", then it might actually make
sense to use a license that is BY-NC-SA for "release" of the
combination of original and sourced content (thus at least making an
effort to ensure your relaying of content is meant for informational
I'd to know what others in the p2presearch community think about the
case of p2pwiki and it's license. Knowing that possibly the majority
of content is re-posted from other sources without explicit
permission, under "Fair Use" assumption, it might just be best to
retain the BY-NC-SA so that p2pwiki can show it has done everything it
can to ensure re-used content remains in a "Fair Use" context should
it be re-used again outside of p2wiki?

@_date: 2010-06-27 10:58:57
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] challenging open "business" models 
I think you should feel free to write on the same page. The only reason
maybe you shouldn't is if the page already contains what you intended to
We can just put this under different headings. Once we've all contributed,
we can then refine it more, merge it together, etc. That is what I propose.
It's worked really well for us on communitywiki.org. We can even copy in
p2plist email exchanges to talk page for reference if we want (or link to
mailman archives)

@_date: 2010-06-27 11:01:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] challenging open "business" models 
This page also needs some updating. Was written by me a while ago, and we've
learned some more since then

@_date: 2010-06-27 11:27:38
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] challenging open "business" models 
I tend to be used to the way Patrick is describing in other wiki
communities. Yet, am willing to keep an open mind if there is a reason
we should place our names near various parts of work.
I think, for instance, Michel was doing it this way since he was
building this from email discussions, etc, and wanted to capture what
different people are saying, and so therefore likely felt obligated to
give attribution, which makes sense.
Sam Rose
Future Forward Institute and Forward Foundation
Tel:+1(517) 639-1552
Cel: +1-(517)-974-6451
skype: samuelrose
email: samuel.rose at gmail.com
"The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human
ambition." - Carl Sagan

@_date: 2010-06-30 11:02:26
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] faroo p2p search + facebook quitters 
Twitter works better as a real-time experience: seeing information as
it is posted and joining conversation (which of course everyone does
not have time for). We tend to use tools (growl, and twitter clients)
to let these updates stream to in the background while we do other
tasks. Perhaps microblogging is in part derived from experiences in
multitasking (using channels of short burst communication to carry on
convesation while carrying out other work, being employed, etc).
It is also worth noting that many now use twitter and facebook from
mobile devices.
Sam Rose
Future Forward Institute and Forward Foundation
Tel:+1(517) 639-1552
Cel: +1-(517)-974-6451
skype: samuelrose
email: samuel.rose at gmail.com
"The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human
ambition." - Carl Sagan

@_date: 2010-03-01 09:17:02
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P, Basic Income, and Bankruptcy Law 
About basic income:
I have a theory that basic income is only really achievable via a
majority of people who actively decide to apply this standard (vs
regulation by governments). Basic income could come in the form of
food, energy, and goods in addition to money.
Right now, we have very little in the way of capabilities of mapping
what basic needs are, and little in the way of allowing people to
directly connect those needs. So, it is very difficult for people to
even actively help one another achieve a "basic income".  Real basic
income isn't just about money, though. It is a plurality of ways of
sharing surpluses.

@_date: 2010-03-01 17:30:55
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] does this correspond to your experience of 
Hey Ryan
While I respect and understand what you are saying here, I think there
is no turning back from learning now. The nature of many-to-many
mediums could actually reward cooperation/symbiosis in many cases. In
the evolution of living things, we see symbiosis and cooperative
behavior emerge where the ecology rewards it (thus it is learned).

@_date: 2010-03-05 22:03:15
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] keiretsu coop model for publishing 
Hey Alex,
I had to quote your whole email because it was worth reading again.
Paul Hartzog and Richard Adler covered much of this in their approach
around "social publishing".  They presented this at the 2007 Political
Economies of Peer Production conference in Nottingham, UK.
Worth reading in this context is:
 both
Paul and Rick collaborated on this thinking. Much of the basics of
this are now central to Forward Foundation approaches, so credit goes
to them for challenging assumptions about this.
I bring this up because I think it resonates with what you are talking
about here. You can't do things that purport to be something new, but
still shore up the collapsing old model (unless you have a really good
reason to do that).
A cooperative could be a great model for a publishing initiative. But
cooperative model is not enough. You also need an adaptive way to
address the what is now emerging, which is an exponentially growing
system where people exercise choice in what they engage with. When
we're listening to what people are asking for, and mapping them and
ourselves into the larger system, then we'll see how it is possible
for us to be flexible enough as publishers, to anyone/anything else,
to address emerging needs that cannot be addressed with boilerplate

@_date: 2010-03-10 09:19:11
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Am I missing any commons? 
I personally define "P2P" to mean this:
On the scale of an individual person: this person has full access to,
and control over who, what, when, why and how they participate.
However, there are limits to what that person can do as an individual
with this access. Inevitably, that person, no matter *what* their
fundamental assumptions about solving problems of existence may be,
discovers they *must* connect in some ways *with* other people to
sustain any advantage they gain from this access and control.
What do you all think about that?
(Please refrain from replying to me off list. Your replies of any type
are more useful to everyone in public. Thanks.)
Ryan replies
I would first note the irony (given the topic) of your last line.
With regard to your definition, the first sentence is inherently not P2P, so
it is a constraint on P2P.  It seems odd to lead with it.  Overall, your
definition could describe a market economy, or am I reading it wrong?
Sam replies: first line could be a constraint. In he first line I am saying
that an individual has access and freedom.
I then struggle with how you mean "inevitably" as if it is a given.  P2P is
voluntary.  What part is inevitable and why?
Sam replies: It is voluntary. Another way to say it: There tends to be a
ceiling for how far an individual can go with operating alone, using mediums
that are "P2P" in nature.
I would myself argue that p2p has to start with some notion of what
constitutes a peer.  Most of it is acknowledgment of the rights and
privileges of that counter-party.
Sam replies: I find in practice that many, many, many people start out
alone, or in exclusive groups with no concept of what a "peer" constitutes.
They see a few dimensions of the capabilities of the medium, then discover
later what a "peer" constitutes for them. Originally, it might have meant
"customer" or "website viewer" etc (a role). Over time, this can change to
"community member", "collaborator" etc.  In the end, I would agree with you,
that p2p starts with a notion of what constitutes p2p.  My point is that no
matter what they operating worldview of the person is, there are affordances
for control on the individual scale, but limits as to how those mediums can
be leveraged by individuals. My statement that you were replying to probably
not a good generic definition of "p2p" but has been valuable for me and the
people I work with.
I don't mean to be excessively critical, but simply trying to be clear in

@_date: 2010-03-10 11:15:40
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] feral trade 
In US colloquy "feral" usually means "wild" (like a feral cat, dog, parrot,
sheep, goats, pigs etc, that escapes from domestic life and lives like a
free/wild animal)

@_date: 2010-03-13 09:46:26
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] cultural destruction in russia 
I recall reading somewhere that the massive state funding for culture in
both Soviet and Western countries in the 1960's, 70's and 80's was part of
the cold war tit-for-tat to see who could get as much of their own culture
forced into as many places, as fast as possible. (will try to dig that
reference up).
At the very least, when states cut funding for this stuff, they should also
drastically cut taxes should people start creating their own self-sustaining

@_date: 2010-03-15 10:32:36
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Thorny Triangle: Cyber Conflict 
This is exactly why I learned to program. And, why I learned to
design/make/fix/grow/process/distribute/manage things and resources.
In turn, if many, many people are to learn these skills, I think this
is where open licenses and commons-based approaches become important.

@_date: 2010-03-15 11:57:23
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] How peering is changing the shape of the Internet 
Thanks Matt
I think it is not just the traffic, but also how the information
flowing is used, how it is synthesized into knowledge, (how it
transforms from one type of resource to another). How this then
feedsback into the system dynamically etc
Just as it is not enough in natural systems to know that water flows
through tributaries, in order to understand the system. You also want
to know where the water comes from, how ecosystems use the water, what
the water turns into (gas, solid, liquid, etc), and how the dynamics
of living systems affect and are affected. Seems the same with digital
flows. H, and humans (and our machines). How are human systems
affected on different scales? What do people do with the information
and data that is flowing in the system? This is much more difficult to
see, of course.
On the other hand, "peering" seems like a natural emergence, as more
people get online and capacity of commercial systems doesn't afford or
can't handle volume or nature of access.

@_date: 2010-03-15 17:44:14
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] US Intelligence planned to destroy WikiLeaks 
Scroll down to the bottom. An interesting beginning for wikileaks it seems...

@_date: 2010-03-20 10:16:36
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Reminder: Patent issue 
This statement is so broad, that it is difficult to think of an
accurate response.
In my opinion, it is not patents, but rather the world-view and
perception of the requirement of patents for protection and
capitalization/royalty recovery that is the problem. It is true that
patents can be a problem where lawyers companies are funding the
patent filing and enforcement of every possible idea that can be
thought of. This is one reason why I release code ASAP.
In my opinion, the biggest obstacle for small businesses to join
physical economies of peer production is *not* patents. Instead, it is
a lack of basic literacies of how to operate sustainably in physical
economies of peer production.
Most of the concepts people have of "business" are framed in examining
and developing their businesses as entities apart from the natural and
human systems the business is a part of.  Most of the models people
know are centered around earning revenue. Knowledge is not widespread
related to sharing, co-creating and sustaining commons, cooperation,
open license, collaboration, etc. Many people do not understand how
"business" works wherein you may be balancing selling some things, and
giving some things away for free, sharing and trading, etc all from
the same production activity.
Even among emerging projects that are released under an open license,
it is not common to see the projects managed in a way that makes it
accessible for other designers/builders to contribute effectively
(although this is changing. It takes more effort to implement this in
physical production projects. Tangible Bit and SKDB will help with
Plus, in the case of businesses, I know from first-hand experience
that it is tough for many businesses to adopt open source technology
for general production that does not meet safety and basic regulation
requirements. In open+pario community, we are offering to collaborate
on research in helping physical projects meet these requirements

@_date: 2010-03-23 11:01:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] on forking 
Nathaniel, is your work on forking available to read somewhere?
So many studies of "open projects" use Wikipedia (or Linux OS) as an
example, yet practically nobody that I know that is involved in "open
projects" is a regular contributor to wikipedia (at least, they do not
represent themselves to be).
Many people would love to see University research projects on open
participatory activities start to look at some cases that are not
Wikipedia or Linux. These examples might be more informative for
people who are engaged in building open infrastructure on local
scales. Especially in the areas of food, energy, manufacturing
production. How has forking affected Arduino, for instance? Is it
possible that physical design projects afford "forking" better than
collaborative knowledge building projects(especially Wikipedia)? I
think there's some evidence this could be the case.
Forward Foundation would be glad to talk about participating in
research like this (and I am sure that p2p foundation/research group
would too). Let us know!
On Tue, Mar 23, 2010 at 7:32 AM, nathaniel tkacz

@_date: 2010-03-24 09:11:45
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Herbologies/Foraging Networks 26-28th March, 
Hi Andrew,
Hi Andrew!
Does this community currently have a method and websites online for
storing information on foraging, edible plants, etc? If not, I'd be
interested in providing a space online for people around the world to
start sharing this information in useful ways.
Are there discussion areas online for people involved in these efforts?

@_date: 2010-03-25 09:17:19
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Herbologies/Foraging Networks 26-28th March, 
Thanks, Andrew.
I was going to offer to create a dedicated space for this. Yet, I
agree that appropedia/ekopedia would be a great place to house this

@_date: 2010-03-25 15:06:36
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open-source gadgets have the best chance in 
When price comes close to zero, and demand on commodities begins to
niche, specialize, and dynamically change over time consistently, most
of those with deep pockets tend to head for the exit door of that
perceived market. This tends to leave a void. I think open source
succeeds where products are commodified, for the reasons the author
describes. The condition allows commodity high-supply/low demand
markets to become "long tail" markets, by virtue of the ability to
flexibly adjust and customize the base "product". The void is filled
by way of transformation of the nature of the market. This usually
requires people who are closer to understanding the needs of some
parts of the "long tail" of needs. This tends to mean that there are
now many providers who serve many customers they are familiar with,
instead of a few big ones selling to a "mass".

@_date: 2010-03-30 10:08:16
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source, Open Standards Under Attack In Europe 
Open Source, Open Standards Under Attack In Europe
"A battle for the soul of European IT is taking place behind closed
doors in Brussels. At stake is the key Digital Agenda for Europe, due
to be unveiled in a month's time. David Hammerstein, ex-Member of
European Parliament for the Greens, tweeted last week: 'SOS to
everyone as sources confirm that Kroes is about to eliminate "open
standards" policy from EU digital agenda; Kroes has been under intense
lobbying pressure from Microsoft to get rid of interoperability and
open source goals of EU.' This is confirmed by the French magazine PC
Inpact (Google translation), which also managed to obtain a copy of
the draft Digital Agenda (DOC). It's currently supportive of both open
source and open standards ? but for how much longer?"
(end quote)
Comment from Sam:
Wow. This is no longer just about corruption as usual. I think that
reversing away from interoperability/open standards and open source is
fundamentally dangerous to all of the people of Europe. In my mind,
right now is a crucial time for EU to decide the course it will take
in the next 20 years. They will need to create a foundation that is as
adaptable, accessible, and flexible as currently possible for what is
very likely coming (and in a few ways already here).
Not that the US is any different, in fact it's even worse here in some
ways in regards to accessibility, open standards, etc

@_date: 2010-03-31 17:23:56
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A P2P Foundation milestone: breaking through to 
Great work, Michel and P2P Foundation!
It's really good to see this evolution. I really believe this is an
important time for people worldwide to consider plausible alternatives
to what they are doing now, so this is really nice to see.

@_date: 2010-05-01 11:37:43
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The three exodus and the transition towards the 
A few thoughts:
I think the projections I've seen on P2P foundation list of "30
years","50 years" etc are too long for:
1. Radical change in biosphere (enough changes to cause significant
pressure on people employing industrial era approaches)
2. Shift to commons and p2p based approaches
An argument can be made that in as little as 10-15 years, multiple
pressures will coincide all at the same time. Peak oil figures are set
near 2030   speed up of Arctic
and Antarctic thaw right now
  by 2030
it is plausible that we will have already passed the tipping point for
carbon dioxide in the atmosphere affecting climates world wide.
Food and energy demand are projected to increase by 50% by 2030, fresh
water by 30%   India and China (2 most populous nations) both warn their populations
that their demand will outstrip their supplies severely by 2030
  (links there to reports on
this subject)
Many food producing corporations that run industrial farming
operations are switching large scale agricultural production to
biofuel  which can further increase food costs by raising commodity prices
worldwide, and causing food shortages. This price and biofuel
production increase is already happening now.
Meanwhile, multiple corporations are relentlessly pursuing total
control of communications infrastructure, (and already have total
control of) financial systems, energy and food distribution, etc
So, by 2030 (not later) it is plausible that we will already be in a
state where millions, if not billions will be marginalized by all
existing basic sustenance systems (food, water, energy, access).
Stuart Kauffman, and other complex systems theorists have shown that
in all systems, change tends to happen in an "s curve" fashion.
Kauffman uses a sandpile as an example in his book "At Home In The
Universe". He describes the data signature of a massive pile of sand
collapsing. First small bits fall of, then large chunks, then larger
and larger, faster and faster. The total rate of collapse towards the
end is exponentially faster than the beginning. I think we are seeing
the same with global human systems now, and that we are *now* in the
beginning time of collapse, with signals already present around the
world. This means we have maybe 15 years, starting *now*, to start
changing things in significant ways for at least 45% or more of people
on the earth. 45% minimum probably will get us enough inertia in the
opposite direction to slow down the momentum that is starting *now*.
That is what I think.

@_date: 2010-05-01 12:58:34
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Short Circuit Production - Eliminating the 
I actually argue here
to go one step further and make business "people centered" instead of
product centered. So, business is about solving the problems of
people, putting people in control. If that means creating a product,
great. If it means sponsoring discussion and exploration of needs of
participants, this is worth it, too.
What I propose is also not business for money. It is business for people.
This is exactly what we are doing in Localized Food Systems work now.
Participants have the option of using food production for their own
food needs, or selling the output as they see fit.
I agree with this. We've discussed many times that it is possible now
to create a company that does exactly this. Community Supported
Agriculture comes close (community does not own property, but does
co-own production)

@_date: 2010-05-01 14:58:18
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The three exodus and the transition towards the 
Joss, this is really useful, thanks. I will read thoroughly.

@_date: 2010-05-02 08:26:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Social-discuss] A User Perspective of GNU 
A User Perspective of GNU Social
This text follows a brainstorming session that occurred yesterday at a
park nearby in Amsterdam, with elinvi and psy, from lorea.cc.
It aims at providing a non-technical view of an idealized GNU Social
application from the point of view of a sample user, in order to
broaden the reflexion on GNU Social beyond self-promotion of various
projects, and out of a purely technical scope. ?You need to read it
once entirely before replying, otherwise you might get lost into
details where the idea is to provide a draft of a big picture.
1.0 - Universal Access
1.1 - Device Independent
My account should be accessible via any device I happen to use: my
personal computer, a public (insecure) computer, a telephone, etc.
1.2 - Platform Independent
Whether it is from a GNU/Linux OS, an Android, a Mac OS or a Windows,
I should be able to access my account.
1.3 - Trust-Based Access Restrictions
When I'm using my personal computer, I expect to have the optimal
security features: I know that I'm not spying on my own keystrokes,
that I have my personal GPG key or SSL certificate locally and I can
trust them. Hence, in that case, I get full access to all my
functionalities and data.
But if I'm connecting from a public computer, I cannot give it the
same trust: I'm not using my secret keys there, nor do I know if the
computer is logging my keystrokes. In that case, I expect the
application to ask me for a password, or an out-of-band challenge to
grant me potentially harmful functionality (changing password) or data
(whole contact list, personal history, etc.).
In that case, I expect the application to grant me a one-time access
to the account, maybe using OTP or similar one-time authentication
mechanism, that would at least ensure backward and forward secrecy for
that account.
2.0 - Seamless Contact List
2.1 - Protocol Independent
When I want to send a message to my Mom, I don't care if she's using
Facebook or XMPP or IRC or email or her phone. Although it might make
sense technically to know what service is used, the user just doesn't
want to know. The application should hide all that and provide a
seamless contact list.
2.2 - Support Free
So, if I have "Mom" in my contact list, she would have an email
account, an XMPP account and a phone number. Even a snail mail address
could work, provided the application is hooked up to a postal mail
delivery service.
Imagine I want to send her a message on that video I made last
evening. It comes with a comment, and the video file attached. When I
hit "send", the system can match my preferences for that contact
(rather xmpp than sms, rather html mail than text, etc.), the
perceived urgency for that message (it's urgent, I need her to approve
it before i can propagate it to the rest of the family), and according
to my contact's delivery settings (as I'm her son, my messages are
doubled to email and SMS, but as she's hiking in the mountains, only
email delivery is available at that point).
And the message is sent through the different media, according to
simple rules: the message being too long for SMS, the title is sent
along with a link to the rest of the message, including the video. The
email receives the whole thing, except the video, 240MB, is not
attached, but linked. Etc.
2.3 - Synchronous And Asynchronous
My contact list should cover both synchronous (e.g. chat) and
asynchronous (e.g. email) contacts, with easy merge capability (the
machine might not know how to recognize Hellekin from HK or HOW or
Hellekin O. Wolf, but the user will know and make the link. So, the
contact list would include a unique identifier across the network
(what PSYC calls the Uniform Name Location AKA UNL, or UNI, or
Uniform), the different associated endpoints (online services, IRC,
XMPP, PSYC, email, phone, etc) including sending/receiving rules for
that contact, with sensible defaults (huge attachments stripped from
emails, no attachment to the phone, "preferred" mean of contact, etc.)
3.0 - Seamless Data
3.1 Local & Remote Are Obsolete
I don't want to "synchronize" my bookmarks. Instead, I want to access
them all at once, from Delicious or from my local browser, from my FTP
server and that other app where I share bookmarks with my friends.
I don't want to "upload" or "download" files. Instead, I want to be
able to select files on my local computer and drag'n'drop them to my
chat window so that a torrent is automagically created and shared
among that group.
3.2 - Raw Data vs. File Formats
People don't care about the file format, it's a techie issue. What we
want is seamless integration of raw data. If I stumble upon a text
online, I want to be able to select part of it, include it in some
"box" and share that box with others. For example, that could take the
form of an RDF description of all the sources used to compose that new
document. But at this point, from the user perspective, the technical
implementation doesn't make sense.
That approach breaks free from a paradigm that has been dominating the
computing world so far, that exposes the data type, and especially the
file format, which is completely irrelevant to the user: she doesn't
deal with MP3 or OGG, with JPEG or PNG, with MKV or DIVX, but with
sound, images and video.
I think the current approach to exposing technical details to the user
inherits from the legacy of proprietary software, where a proprietary
format appears as a brand, a differentiator on the market. When
dealing with free software, the file format is only a technical
fact/constraint, and does not bring any value-added to the user.
4.0 - Memory, Intimacy, Privacy
4.1 - The Social Network as Extended Memory
Within the vision of McLuhan that tools are extensions of the human
(e.g. a hammer is an extension of the hand, a shoe an extension of the
foot), and John Licklider's (and others) view of the computer as a
mind-amplifier tool, we can consider the computer as an extension of
the mind. It helps us keep track of a lot of details that our memory
would filter out, such as precise dates, re-occurrences of events, etc.
One of the most private things is memory. Humans have a right to keep
that to themselves, and in fact, what's on your mind is inaccessible
to anyone else unless you chose to share it.
The explosion of social networking makes available a lot of that to
other people, including services that you're using to distribute your
private data to your friends. Until now, the drive to share has got
the priority over the drive to keep things private: the tools provided
makes it easy to share, and most social networking services rely on
the possibility to aggregate data and filter it to expose patterns,
and create detailed profiles of a person's behavior, that has a lot of
value for marketers (and intelligence agencies).
4.2 - The Right To, and Necessity of Intimacy
Most people don't care too much about privacy, as they're told that if
they don't do anything wrong, they don't have anything to fear or
hide, and that if you have something to hide, it's probably because
it's wrong. Of course, this is a fallacious argument. If you look at
it closely, you'll find out that the people promoting transparency of
your data are the first ones to use secrecy. Transparency of public
and market data is important, respectively, for democracy and fair
competition. But opacity of private data not only protects the
citizens from abusive governments, but also proceed from a natural
need for privacy and intimacy (think about toilets.)
4.3 - Building Memory for the Future
When you don't have control over your data, you take the risk of
losing your intimacy, as well as your memory. The time passed in front
of a computer, or online, is growing. It's important to realize that
for many, sharing that intimacy online also builds their memory for
the future, to share with their grand-kids...
That aspect of social networking, that you open the intimacy of your
mind to others, should be emphasized.

@_date: 2010-05-02 10:35:23
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] on the need for educational transmission in p2p 
I have some blanket assertions I am going to lay down here:
1. As a person deeply steeped in the development of technology of all
types on a daily basis:  technology will succeed when it has an
architecture that affords it's employment in problems people care
about solving. So, all of the groups Franz mentions above could start
out by asking "what are the problems the communities we are connected
with trying to solve?" to people in communities, and pooling their
resources into creating an architecture that is designed for
interoperability first, and in which development is driven by people
it serves. Otherwise, *access* to technology in ways that are useful
for many people will always remain out of reach of many (even when it
is freely available).
2. These systems must have *embedded* education. My friend Ross
MacDonald says it best (quoting his entire post here):
Pragmatics of knowledge transfer for business and business cluster development:
1. What does the curriculum look like?
2. How does it work?
3. What are some example topics?
As noted in an earlier post, the educational objective for supporting
business growth is to expand the collaborative communication skills of
emerging groups by developing a set of appropriately timed learning
opportunities, structured as a flexible framework and delivered on a
group-by-group basis. Four values guide knowledge transfer activities:
(1) learner-centered, (2) adapted to specific groups, (3) timed for
maximum receptivity and benefit, and (4) makes best use of real
examples and cases.
In this post I address the three pragmatic questions above.
1. What does the curriculum look like?
Actually it is a "stealth curriculum," meaning that, in the ideal, the
knowledge transfer is indistinguishable from the activities of people
who are building business clusters. This is not a "learn now, apply
later" approach. Instead it is a "do now and here's some tools to
help" approach.  The rationale: learning is best delivered when people
reach out for the learning and pull it in.  When learning is pushed
onto people, they tend to resist.  Thus, the curriculum is a set of
evolving and easily adapted modules.  Moreover, each module provides
knowledge about tools and processes delivered on an as needed basis.
Moreover, tasks and content particular to the group will be inserted
into each module. By timing the delivery and ensuring its relevance to
suit group needs, learning happens in the process of doing business: a
stealth curriculum.
2. How does it work?
The short answer is in recurring but progressive loops.  Here's what
that means.  Think cycles.  Each time knowledge is stealthily
transferred, it progresses through these functions: design, deliver,
feedback and adapt.  These four steps comprise one cycle and ensure
that the knowledge transfer process continues to evolve, improve, and
remain relevant. In addition, testimonials, examples, and stories will
be collected and fed back into the modules.  The examples illustrate
tools and their applications and so should also stimulate confidence
and creativity.  The curriculum therefore enhances the sustainability
of businesses and business ecosystems.
3. What are some example topics?
Example topics include: techniques for sharing documents and plans
especially in regard to business case and business ecosystem
development, tracking group progress, identifying and overcoming
obstacles to group progress, creating productive linkages with local
schools, and enhancing student-community connections. This list is
illustrative, not comprehensive.  While we can anticipate some
particular needs and so prepare in advance for them, there will be
other needs that we can't anticipate at this point, but that will
require a module.
Knowledge transfer is critical for our vision of a set of "business
ecosystems,"  which refers to a network of related businesses that
work together to strengthen each business and enhance their
collaborations, and so that, as a cluster, they become sustainable and
increasingly powerful economic engines in their respective locales.
(end quote)
The above is an example of education embedded into actual activities.
The above project is funded by grants from governments and private
institutions. So, this effectively means in reality that access and
politics of control in this project are not accessible to everyone
In P2P Education suggested by Franz, Michel, Daniel Araya and others,
we can go even further than what Ross writes about above. The idea of
embedding education and literacies is as described by Ross above is
right. However, in P2P systems, we can create relationships of
resource sharing and pooling, and systems of decision making that
remove hierarchical control of the development of these resources
(both technological and educational).
In the coming months, Future Forward Institute/Forward Foundation are
going to work with Michel Bauwens and P2P Foundation to create a
system of proposal, needs assessment/evaluation, collective decision
making, collective funding/contributing for building of p2p
technology, literacies, resources. This is a large undertaking and
will take some time to fully develop. Are we  truly *ready* to
participate in such a system, where control is collaborative and
I think, if we are to create working relationships among all of the
various groups and people now loosely stitched together, we need to
ask the really hard questions:
- Where are the intersections of real, actual trust now? And, where is
the fertile ground from which new trust can grow?
- What is the purpose, the end goal of collaboration? What is it that
*we* (not you or me) want to accomplish?
- Assuming we can get that far, how do we as the "experts" work
together to clear paths and get out of the way so that the multitudes
of others currently shut out of access can move forward with solving
their problems of existence? How can we involve people who now don't
have the slightest clue as to what any of us are talking about? Those
people outnumber us exponentially. We have very few ways to listen to
them now.

@_date: 2010-05-06 12:00:17
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] VERY urget request for Ning 
Thanks for info, Richard.
I think we are going to discuss among p2pf participants some more
before before we actually build out anything new. Perhaps participants
want something totally different from social networking altogether?
I think we're at a loose consensus where we need to hear from more in
the community to decide what to invest in next.
An aside, I do agree there is an opportunity with Ning to ELGG. Also
check out what is emerging with GNUSocial, which started before the
Ning announcement, and is gaining worldwide momentum

@_date: 2010-05-10 23:33:26
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the p2p approach utopian? 
This is great, Michel. (a few thoughts inline and will post to blog)
It seems at least at times we advocate practices and principles of
foresight.  The research by P2P Foundation consistently uncovers
evidence that systems are highly interconnected, emergent, dynamic,
complex-adaptive, and perpetually evolving.
Can you point to a reference of this view by Geert Lovink? I am having
trouble understanding the position.
In P2P systems, there is threshold where cooptation by mostly
commercial-interested entities breaks down. The core recognizable
principle can be seen in triadic relationships. Where a connection,
relationship, or "flow" of energy between A and B is facilitated by an
entity that is more like A and B (more like a "peer" than not), there
is a lack of cooptation. The more triadic connections where
connection/relationship/flow between A/B resembles A/B, the more
resistant to cooptation the system will become to
connection/relationship/flow facilitator that is not like A/B (so long
as what is "like" A/B performs better than what is not "like").
A/B as human entities collaborate to choose facilitators of various
relationships. Given rate of change in existential conditions, A/B as
human entities can benefit from a plurality of choices about how to
facilitate any given relationship (it could be more appropriate to
centralize or decentralize, depending on the specific existential
conditions). Contrary to common belief, both the system and individual
can reap greater rewards by leaving the choice in the hands of the
individual. For instance, a common daily choice made by individuals is
to invest their energy, time, resources in various
I agree with all. I'd add 4th that there is a need for a basic
operating knowledge about what is emerging and how and why it is
*different* than what we've already experienced, plus how it is an
extension and evolution of the same. Understanding the nature of what
is emerging is crucial to operating successfully. Most are focused on
what is collapsing.

@_date: 2010-05-11 08:32:13
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the p2p approach utopian? 
Thanks Michel, I will be sure to search the blog and Geert's work to
become more familiar. There was a little bit in his blog about this.
I agree, it seems to be confusing/conflating.
Michel, I definitely will, and will produce some graphics too. I also
apparently sent out the email without finishing writing it. Sorry for
I will discuss with Future Forward Institute/Forward Foundation
partners and rewrite soon.

@_date: 2010-05-15 11:06:04
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] p2p urbanism in the midwest 
The cultural hegemony here in the midwest is full of rigid and
stifling assumptions. Even in the supposedly ?progressive? places
(like Madison, Ann Arbor, and even Chicago).
?Education? for most is primarily about working on grinding you down
as an individual until you finally forget about your unique local
originality, history, diversity, and freedom. In the US Midwest cities
and countryside who accept, and even enthusiastically re-inforce onto
others the culture of resignation will thrive in the commercial,
government and traditional University education sectors.
It?s commonly known around here that it is better to just accept your
fate as the guy or girl that drives the lawnmower, sits in a cubicle,
toils on a factory floor, delivers pizzas, or increasingly, collects
unemployment checks, begs for money, breaks into business and
residences to steal goods, etc. The vacuum of culture that was filled
for decades by big corporations and their collaborators, is now being
filled by decay and crumbling collapse of those same former industrial
culture machines.
Sure, mass culture is depressing. And, yes, the collapse of mass
culture is accurately more depressing if you allowed yourself to be
worn down into thinking you were happy with mass culture. So, what
will we fill the vacuum of the collapsing vacuum fillers with, then?
What?s left if you were already supposed to be next to nothing in the
first place? Well, we could start by working with the idea that we as
individuals out here so-called ?flyover country? are actually pretty
kick ass all on our own. It is time to tell our stories with our own
voices, create culture in our own spaces, learn and do without asking
permission. Either that, or you can continue to be one of those people
who slouches around smugly telling ?that?ll never happen? every time
they tell you about a new or interesting idea about how to do
something right here, right now. If you are one of the mindless
midwestern zombies that regularly repeats that mantra,
congratulations: you?re at the very forefront and cutting edge in the
effort of making nothing happen around here! Look around you, and you
can see the fruits of your labour.
There are many people heading to the US Social Forum in Detroit who
are thinking along the lines of inverting the logic of the zombies.
One example is ?Cartography with your feet?:
    Driven by the pressures of corporate competition, Midwestern
capital elites envision a network of highspeed trains linking the
scattered cities of flyover land into a dense urban grid. Oblivious to
territories, histories and peoples you whisk your way from center to
center like a roulette ball spinning through the global casino. What
gets lost in the dreams of power are the connections between the city
and the country, the earth and the sky, the past and the future.
    What kinds of worlds are installed on the ground by the neoliberal
planning processes developed in the technocratic universities? How to
start building a cultural and intellectual commons that can seep into
the fabric of everyday life?
    The Midwest Radical Cultural Corridor is a call for longer,
slower, deeper connections between the territories where we live. It?s
a cartography of shared experience, built up by those who nourish
lasting ties between critical groups, political projects, radical
communities and experiments in alternative existence. Why not help
build the commons by overflowing your usual daily routines? Why not
make the journey to the US Social Forum into a chance to discover the
worlds we can create right here in our own region?
    This workshop draws from the inspiration of Grace Lee Boggs and
the travels of the Compass Group on the ?Continental Drift through the
Midwest Radical Cultural Corridor.? The idea is to propose an act of
collective discovery and creation, carried out this summer by anyone
who?s heading to the Social Forum. Multiple caravans each chart their
particular pathways and organize their own activist campaigns,
artistic exchanges, skill-sharing sessions, solidarity dinners or
whatever else they desire on the roads to Detroit, then converge at
the Allied Media conference and the US Social Forum to share stories,
images and artifacts from their detours through the Midwestern
labyrinth. Meanwhile, those with different priorities can invent their
own forms of travel and exchange, explore diverging temporalities, set
up ?stationary drifts? in the neighborhoods they inhabit and continue
the projects they?re pursuing, while the moving worlds pass through
    By taking the time for a conscious experience of the territories
we are continually traversing we can build up what Stephen Shukaitis
calls an ?imaginal machine?: a many-headed hydra telling tales of
solidarity and struggle, daily life and outlandish dreams in the
places that power forgets, leaving their inhabitants free to remember
living histories and work toward better tomorrows. The Compass Group
will present images, narratives and documents from their Continental
Drift in 2008, then open up the concept to input and debate. With the
help of anyone who?s interested, we hope to lay the basis for a
collaborative process of self-organization and convergence at the USSF
in Detroit and to sow the seeds of future meetings and projects.

@_date: 2010-05-20 10:37:29
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open hardware central bank, any updates? 
Looks like there are projects with various degrees of progress here

@_date: 2010-05-20 10:45:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] open hardware central bank, any updates? 
Interesting that everything appears to be through Liquidware does have some great looking projects (opensource
blackberry-style button pads, camera, etc)

@_date: 2010-05-20 18:35:24
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Video Education Platform Fwd: Welcome to WiZiQ 
I included Social media classroom here, which is what Dante is referring to:

@_date: 2010-05-21 10:27:12
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance economics book 
I am looking now in some cases on a "transition economics. Where
people work together to both share those resources that are shareable
now (software, designs, knowledge, waste that can be used as food,
surplus capacities and resources) and cooperate to produce items that
are still based in scarcity, then re-invest the profits into creating
more and more abundance-economy-based systems.

@_date: 2010-05-21 10:44:56
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance economics book 
We'll definitely work on something (still working on what we
previously discussed: triads and cooptation of systems. We need to
research that idea more)
On Fri, May 21, 2010 at 10:40 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-05-21 10:57:56
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance economics book 
What do you mean by "those who paid them"? You mean those who pay the
In any case, this is an impossible question, as this is decided by
people who participate in the system.  It would depend on how the
participants choose to structure their system. Should they create an
operating agreement that says that they "the payer" owns investments,
then this would be the way the system works.
You cannot discern any difference here between what I am saying, and
what you are saying, as I never even addressed the subject you are
discussing now. That subject being "who owns the investment?"
You first assumed what I meant, then asserted the meaning you assumed
in the remainder of your message.

@_date: 2010-05-21 12:48:08
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance economics book 
I am open to the idea to set up a way for consumers to own as you
describe. I will only work with systems where all participants
*voluntarily* self-elect to create  an arrangement such as this.
*if* participants *do not*, I will work with them in ways that they
see fit as appropriate for themselves. The situation you describe
won't be optimal for every set of conditions. Plus, it is a type of
change that people need to be socially and psychologically ready for.
Otherwise it will be rejected, very likely.
Economic arrangements are not up to you. They are the choice of the
people who participate in the economy. Repeating logic over and over,
no matter how sound it may be, probably will not succeed in immediate
massive widespread adoption of what you describe. This is why I am
talking about "transition". You can dismiss that because it doesn't
put at the forefront the arrangement that you've been discussing for
My central point is that to get people to where you want them to be,
you'll have to take the journey *with them*, and *starting from where
they are at NOW*.
Transition towards transformation.

@_date: 2010-05-21 12:51:10
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] abundance economics book 
This doesn't really make sense to me.
Are we talking about real-world situations, or theoretical models?
If real world, which workers? Which consumers? What product?

@_date: 2010-05-26 11:31:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Ning alternatives 
I like it.
I think we're getting closer to infrastructure that gives you the
power over your data. The ideas in diaspora are one step in the right
direction. I think the time is ripe also for true distributed
networking from device to device.
You should have a choice as to what networks you connect with, and we
all should be allowed to use our devices to pass packets as mesh net
utility, or to connect to service providers, as we see fit.
I think the best way to get there is that people just start doing it,
but they'll need some software that makes it possible with common
hardware. We've discussed this with Sepp many times in the past. It is
a matter of time until we see this emerge, I really believe...

@_date: 2010-05-28 19:19:19
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] bildr, a lego for makers? 
Hey Eric, this is a really good summarization, comments follow:
I think if bildr can convince participants to adhere to the modular
approach they propose, *and* if they can attract enough participants,
they will succeed.
The problem, as you mention below, is that many are already active in
spaces that are centric to various existing projects. So, bildr is
recreating some of this work already done elsewhere.

@_date: 2010-11-04 14:12:52
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] preview of chiangmai commons building, 
Is this the same Thialand community project that you talked about in 2009?

@_date: 2010-11-10 08:05:26
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Rivers as Commons 
Thanks, Denis.
One thought, at least in regards to "the commons" is that a commons
needs stakeholders: people who recognize that it is a commons.
Also, see It seems to me (without knowing more) that the first place to start is
in connecting the people who recognize the place/resource as a
commons, and getting them speaking as aligned voices to the government
and other entities that can make a difference on the condition/status
of the resource.

@_date: 2010-11-14 08:39:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Self-Repair manifesto 
This is really similar to the idea some of us in MI, USA came up with
in 2008 at a "startup weekend" event, called "Exploded View/Void and
Infringe". I am glad someone is doing something like this.
Others may disagree with me, but I see *this* as a *crucial* use-case
for systems like  and
Specifically, above and beyond fixing and repairing mass produced
physical objects, I see that when people figure out what materials are
useful and re-usable in existing discarded mass produced goods, that
they can document the dis-assembly and processing of those materials
for use use as raw (or processed) material in new types of production.
The only *problem* (as ever) that I personally can currently see with
ifixit in particular as a website is that it does not appear to
implement an open standards-based "API" for talking to systems like
SKDB and Tangible Bit. ifixit  *really* need an open standards based
API on their site, today.
A similar, and perhaps competing site at  happened to
choose Free/Libre Open source software in the form of Media Wiki as
the part of their architecture. This turned out to be a good choice,
because what they walked away with was a fairly robust API that allows
for Creating, Reading, Updating of records.
example Furthermore, within Media wiki (and really almost any wiki) it is
possible to create a vary simple and standard way to enter information
so that it can be recognized/parsed. translated if needed, and re-used
outside of the original location. In turn, the possibility should
exist to contribute back to a resource like ifixit or bildr in the
same way from the outside (such as from another wiki, or website, or
database, etc).

@_date: 2010-11-14 13:26:53
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Re: Self-Repair manifesto 
It actually came from UseMod (which wikipedia was originally based off
of).  UseMod in turn implemented
per-page revisions as what was seen at the time an improvement to the
original wiki engine Some early wiki engines actually used revision control applications
(like CVS, which was all that existed back then). It's starting to
come back around again ( you can actually find these discussions on
 )
You don't have to use the local page revisions in MediaWiki in order
to have MediaWiki participate in an distributed SKDB. All you have to
do is postout  and save to the revision control of your choice  the
most recent revision of a page *that contains an SKDB object within
it* .
This is how people like myself are going to start adopting systems
like SKDB. We'll use it like a pattern in any tool that we see fit.

@_date: 2010-11-14 17:45:49
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Self-Repair manifesto 
I sent them a message via twitter, and it turns out that they are
working on an outgoing (read) API via xml,
example:  That's really great news.
Personally, I'd feel better contributing to ifixit if it were BY-SA,
instead of BY-NC-SA. If I give something away for free, I want people
to be able to use it to make a living if they need to. Releasing
something under BY-SA still ensures that there is no way that others
can wholly claim it for their own. It still remains in the digital
media commons, except now there are more options for more people to do
more with it. The more that I think about it, with the existence of
BY-SA, BY-NC-SA is likely totally unneeded. It'd take you just as many
resources to enforce BY-SA as it would BY-NC-SA. Why stop people from
feeding their families?
Anyway, the ifixit site is a great project. They definitely deserve
congratulations for creating and evolving this resource.

@_date: 2010-11-17 00:04:34
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: OSE land in Question 
Yes, that is the land Marcin was doing OSE project on...
On Tue, Nov 16, 2010 at 10:47 PM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-11-17 09:51:18
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 days to go... 
Based on the freedom of information/digital mediums perspective, I'd
like to re-post on Smartmobs.com too... (before it is too late)

@_date: 2010-11-17 19:34:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Actually Existing Internet Communism 
This is closely related to something I've been exploring with people
locally as way of procuring supplies of food. Some are calling these
"foraging networks" in Europe (we may call them "foraging tribes"
The idea is that we can work together to time the harvest of wild
plant products that are legal to harvest from public lands (or private
lands with permission), and that we can split the cost of supplies for
labor, and split the labor of processing, and plan the actions so that
they are efficient, and participants walk away with healthy
alternatives to commercial agriculture. An example is the Acorn, which
is a direct replacement for staples like grain, soy, and some beans.
Many ancient societies subsisted off of the Acorn, although they were
usually subsumed by agricultural societies. In this region, there are
quite literally millions of pounds of Acorns that are there for the
taking on public and private lands, and well planned foraging
expeditions could yield participants with staple food product that
could last all year, that is processed, store-able and usable in a
variety of ways. This method of procuring staple foods can bring new
value to public land stands of Oak trees of various types.
These activities are an example of self/mutual provisioning, using a
commons-based resource. The impact on the environment in choosing this
alternative is exponentially less than normal food production
approaches. The time that it could take to produce a supply of staple
foods that can be stored for most of the year, just based on effective
Acorn gathering, could be less than 2 weeks out of the year. It's
possible that a group of peers, collaborating together could
co-produce all of their food within 2-3 months (and still supplement
with traditional gardening/agriculture, local aquaculture, etc). P2P
Foraging is not always an option, but when it is (such as on the major
continents) it could really pay off for participants.

@_date: 2010-11-17 20:11:03
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] RC JOURNAL: Accelerating the Development of 
Heh, this is *exactly* what we've been talking about together here since
maybe around 2004, if not earlier :)
On Wed, Nov 17, 2010 at 5:51 PM, Kevin Carson <

@_date: 2010-11-18 09:41:10
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] maker factory 
One really great thing about this that I see right off the bat is that
they have released the underlying source code for the site itself!
Looks promising.
On Wed, Nov 17, 2010 at 10:20 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-11-18 11:30:45
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 days to go... 
I started with this on p2p foundation blog (a combo of what I posted
to my facebook wall, plus Smari's text
We can edit or refine it if necessary

@_date: 2010-11-18 11:34:41
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 days to go... SUPPORTING Smari McCarthy's P2P 
I did it. And if everyone likes what they see, I will post the same
thing to smartmobs.com
Plus, we'll let the following people know about it:
Bruce Sterling (for his wired blog)
John Robb on global guerillas
The Espians
perhaps some of those folks would be willing to talk about it or link
to this on their blog
Smari, do you have a website for your campaign?
Please link to this in twitter, on facebook
On Thu, Nov 18, 2010 at 10:15 AM, Michel Bauwens

@_date: 2010-11-18 12:51:38
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 days to go... SUPPORTING Smari McCarthy's P2P 
Smari is it true that this is the Shadow Parliment software you refer
to in the quote in this email?:

@_date: 2010-11-18 13:31:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 days to go... SUPPORTING Smari McCarthy's P2P 
Do you know where most recent iteration/git repo is by chance, Smari?
2010/11/18 Sm?ri McCarthy :

@_date: 2010-11-18 17:22:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 days to go... SUPPORTING Smari McCarthy's P2P 
I think in this case, it was because the post submitted accidentally
before I inserted a title. I edited and put a title in, but it
retained the URL without an alias with words in it. Normally,
WordPress would try to base the URL off of the title.

@_date: 2010-11-19 21:40:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 days to go... 
Thanks Smari, definitely understandable that the focus is
Iceland/Icelandic. I'll post to smartmobs tomorrow if that is not too
2010/11/19 Sm?ri McCarthy :

@_date: 2010-11-22 14:08:30
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Henry Story on Open Distributed Social Networks 
FOAF is amazing. It's been around for a long time (since at least 2003
if not earlier), and works really well. Yet, it's been largely under
the radar
It's implemented by ostatus (identi.ca and GNUSocial) and I think
there is talk now of using it in diaspora. ELGG also supported it at
least for a while. Semantic Media Wiki also supports, and so does
Drupal, WordPress.

@_date: 2010-11-22 18:52:36
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Non digital commons a lot more complicated than 
Thanks Marco,
I agree with everything in your blog post you've linked to about the
nature of the problem.
I'd also add that there is a condition that I am perceiving in some of
the groups and networks active in Open Source Hardware circles that is
impeding the uptake of some processes and technologies that could
create a pathway out of the problem(s) described in your blog post.
The condition that I perceive is that, while there are emerging
technologies like Tangible Bit and SKDB that allow virtual
representations of packages of technology to be maintained and tested,
which could make collaborative checks and balances easier to employ in
communities. But, the evolution of these systems is such that they are
*limited* to a particular "platform" or set of tools. If they were
instead an open standard that could be used in *many* tools (which is
possible now) then people could develop work practices using these
package systems, potentially *without* the need to change away from
the existing documentation, project management, and other tools they
currently use.
So, myself and my colleagues are looking at a way to use Tangible Bit
and/or SKDB as an open standard instead of as a collection of software
(or making a competing system that works this way). Asking people to
"drop what you are using, and adopt my software" as the barrier of
entry in order to participate, is going to limit the uptake of
anything at least for a significant amount of people. It's easier for
people to adopt a standard that works in their already existing
The other opportunity here is to make a way to use this meta-data
about hardware as a way of comparing various projects and seeing where
there are opportunities to merge, connect, etc. This is easy to do
with Arduino-based hardware for instance, because there is a standard
that can be mapped back to (plus presumably testing etc of the core
Arduino components within the existing community as discussed in
Marco's article).

@_date: 2010-11-24 14:21:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Foundation and Las Indias 
Thanks for creating this english version, David. Although, I think
it's also great that you use the language(s) you are comfortable with
in the project itself (the latoc languages).
Looking forward to learning more about lasindias
2010/11/24 Sociedad Cooperativa de las Indias Electr?nicas

@_date: 2010-11-25 21:51:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Foundation and Las Indias 
Thanks for sharing that doc (Cooperation in the Age of Google), Josef.
Our social enterprise investing firm,  is
working towards establishing businesses in the region that we invest
in as co-operatives where appropriate. I'll be sure to share this, and
really appreciate your passion and knowledge on the subject.
2010/11/25 Josef Davies-Coates :

@_date: 2010-11-26 09:47:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Co-operation in the age of google 
Josef, I am reading it. I wonder if it is possible for you to point
out where in the publication you see a gap in understanding based on
your own reading of it?
Perhaps we could put our review pieces into
? And if we have at least 1-2 reviews, that whole page could be
re-published to the blog with a link back to the wiki?

@_date: 2010-11-26 10:12:51
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Foundation and Las Indias 
2010/11/26 Sociedad Cooperativa de las Indias Electr?nicas
At this time, Hollymead is concentrated on US-based projects.
I've heard of some investors in EU that are doing the same thing,
though, and I'll search back through my email discussions and try to
find these entities, and send them to you.

@_date: 2010-11-27 09:41:16
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] publishing wikipedia articles for money, 
I agree it's fundamentally unethical. Although, if someone is really
in need (needs money for medical costs, needs money for food, water,
shelter or physical safety) I would rather they sell a copylefted work
of mine without me getting a cut.
I'll bet that was *not* the case with Books, LLC
Also, wanted to let Kasper know that Wikimedia does sell their content
(with automatic attribution given to all authors) via
 as far as I know PediaPress does *not* pay
The publishing system that I wanted to set up with Michel using
mediawiki for P2PF/Forward Foundation *would* pay all authors through
some kind of micropayment system (one purchase would pay out to all
contributors based on different rules).

@_date: 2010-11-28 17:07:34
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Article - Tim Berners Lee - "Long Live the Web: 
I have a suspicion that what you suggest is going to play out in
reality over the next 10-12 years. I think an alternative to the
existing internet is going to emerge. The best places to start it are
on smaller scales. The only obstacle then will be if governments claim
dominion over radio spectrum.

@_date: 2010-10-02 00:00:32
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 135K project The Tunnel 
Perhaps someone has already alerted folks to this? if not, see:
"The Internet was meant to be a tool to connect us. It was meant to
break down borders and liberate. Now we have an entire generation who
are being labelled criminals for using that tool. But perhaps rather
than wasting millions of dollars fighting a losing battle against
internet piracy, we should try and find a way to embrace the
possibilities that this new world brings?
That?s the thought that inspired this project. We believe that if we
stop fighting  the peer to peer networks, they could become the
biggest revolution we have ever seen in the way we share entertainment
and information.
After spending years being frustrated by what we saw as the movie
industry?s  short-sighted and conventional outlook towards the online
community, we decided it was time to try something different ? The
135K Project was born.
We figured that movie posters and collectable frames from movies are
being sold every day, so what if we could raise the money to make ?The
Tunnel? by selling every individual frame of it? We would be able to
make a movie unencumbered by a studio?s need for box office. We could
do what we got into the industry to do in the first place. Tell
stories we like and get them out there so people could enjoy them.
What?s the key to doing that? You.
If you like the look of ?The Tunnel? or the idea behind The 135K
Project - buy a frame or two, blog about it, follow us on twitter,
seed and embed the finished film when it?s released. Whatever you can
do. It will all help and show the world there might just be another
way. Who knows where that might lead?"

@_date: 2010-10-02 00:46:10
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] an update on the open hardware roadmap 
Great blog post Eric. I'll elaborate further to say that an "open
source manufacturing" ecology that can address the problem you
describe looks more like a system of connected or interchangeable
parts that can be used to make other parts, and far *less* like a
Sears and Roebucks catalogue of all things that are made or makeable.
I think that the less it looks like finished product, and the more it
looks like pieces that can be fluidly used to make many finished
products in many ways, the better for practically everyone the ecology
of technologies will be. This is in part the true meaning of what we
refer to when we describe "wealth generating ecologies".
As you point out further down the separation of "research" from
"production" is breaking down the more that networked design and
manufacturing emerge.
I really agree with you here. Art and science are intertwined.

@_date: 2010-10-13 01:47:31
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Course ToC draft 
Ok, great. I'd be glad to write about commons based, p2p and networked

@_date: 2010-10-17 12:35:20
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] embed code sought for big society doc 
there's no way to embed it that I can see. Look at the source of the
page and cannot find a valid URL to use to build own embed code.

@_date: 2010-10-17 13:04:04
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] metropolitan agriculture in detroit and flint, 
I agree with what Steve said.
people going with just directly growing their own food for their own
consumption, aided by open source technology and software. This
results in an "on the job training" entry into food production for
many urban people. They don't need their own space, either.
 currently displays the spaces where the county
has vacant land available. In the coming 2-3 years we'll look to
create hoop houses, plus implement some solar and wind powered indoor
hydroponic production. On top of this, open education resources and
programs can help train people to start and sustain long tail
processing and preparation. Open source software (like ofbiz, etc) are
going to be used to help people manage their businesses. Most
importantly, where we are involved, activities among willing
participants are already emerging that help people understand where
financial transaction is an appropriate choice, and where co-governed
sharing is at times a better and more long-term effective option. The
reality is that everyone really does not want to buy and sell
everything, plus the fact that there are some things that simply are
not for sale.
We'll write more about this in the coming months and year. Possibly
create some videos, etc too. Right now we're focused on community
currency (currently around local journalism), soil production, and
open source software and technology rainwater irrigation. Once we have
the rainwater irrigation complete, we're going to move on to barcode
tracking, and working with partners here on the open education
On Sun, Oct 17, 2010 at 12:46 PM, Steve Bosserman

@_date: 2010-10-18 01:35:28
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the use of an opt-out consent request 
I have to agree with you Michel, that there's no ethical problem that
I can see with sending messages in bulk to people who've expressed
interest in P2P Foundation, and offering an opt-out way to discontinue
those messages. If we just kept sending messages to people who
expressed that they do not want to receive, then yes that is

@_date: 2010-10-18 10:25:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] embed code sought for big society doc 
part 1 of the video is now on YouTube, but could not find part 2 there yet.

@_date: 2010-09-02 01:05:58
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] can design by committee work? 
I believe that if there is a guided process, and if participants
respect that process, plus understand the desired outcomes, then
collaborative design can work.

@_date: 2010-09-02 01:07:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sam Rose commented on your link. 
Sure, I can do a blog post about the paper, plus reactions to it (is
anyone else already writing about the Hakken paper? in p2p blog?)

@_date: 2010-09-02 01:07:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sam Rose commented on your link. 
Sure, I can do a blog post about the paper, plus reactions to it (is
anyone else already writing about the Hakken paper? in p2p blog?)

@_date: 2010-09-02 01:07:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sam Rose commented on your link. 
Sure, I can do a blog post about the paper, plus reactions to it (is
anyone else already writing about the Hakken paper? in p2p blog?)

@_date: 2010-09-02 01:07:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sam Rose commented on your link. 
Sure, I can do a blog post about the paper, plus reactions to it (is
anyone else already writing about the Hakken paper? in p2p blog?)

@_date: 2010-09-02 01:07:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sam Rose commented on your link. 
Sure, I can do a blog post about the paper, plus reactions to it (is
anyone else already writing about the Hakken paper? in p2p blog?)

@_date: 2010-09-02 01:07:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sam Rose commented on your link. 
Sure, I can do a blog post about the paper, plus reactions to it (is
anyone else already writing about the Hakken paper? in p2p blog?)

@_date: 2010-09-02 01:07:22
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sam Rose commented on your link. 
Sure, I can do a blog post about the paper, plus reactions to it (is
anyone else already writing about the Hakken paper? in p2p blog?)

@_date: 2010-09-06 09:02:41
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] building a knowledge commons, 
Thanks, Michel. My friends doing digital journalism are basically
reporting the similar needs. I've been involved in discussions with,
and in, foundations that fund this type of work, and among people
pursuing "start-ups" based around digital content communities. I think
this is generally the least understood factor.
In fact, it is likely often a reality that third at least part-time
job could well be that of a developer, depending on the technology
that is needed for the community.

@_date: 2010-09-07 00:56:42
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [LeftLibertarian2] F*** Facebook, 
FYI it looks like we won't actually be able to join or use the
software until at least Sep 15th. But it is coming soon...
Looking forward to trying it out.

@_date: 2010-09-13 13:44:42
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Knowledge Economy, 
Thanks for continuing to send these out despite the lack of response,
Michel.  We'll start looking seriously at all of them.

@_date: 2010-09-14 13:24:03
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] should we cover natural rights? 
I think we should cover natural rights. For instance, it is my opinion
that sharing is a basic human right. You should not have to seek
permission from governments to share.

@_date: 2011-02-02 09:56:48
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Legislation for Urban Agriculture in Pittsburgh PA 
Sent to me from  via
facebook email
"It seems the city has passed legislation for having bees,chickens,and
urban gardens-there is a grant fund -I think to help pay for permits
-but I don't know the details-I pasted Janas e mail here with some
The council did pass the version of the ordinance as we saw it in
August of 2010 so chickens and bee are in. It now sits for ten days
from the date of voting, Jan 26, and then becomes law(the mayor could
sign it and speed things up). Also passed was the Urban Agriculture
Education Fund, offered up from Councilman Peduto. It is $30,000 to
help pay the fees associated with getting through the Zoning Office
for the right to have these animals or sell your produce. All I know
so far is what was in the motion. It is below. It looks like our
individual neighborhood organizations are going to have to hold
educational classes and then distribute monies. It's pretty smart, the
neighborhood organization decides if they are going to actively
support urban farming. So once again, this is all I know. I have a
call in to Mr. Peduto's office to learn more. Will let you know.
Thank you all for your different ways of helping throughout this time,
I appreciate it.
Jana Thompson
Section 1. The Mayor and the Director of the Department of City
Planning, on behalf of the
City of Pittsburgh, are hereby authorized to enter into an Agreement
or Agreements with
community organization/s to offer grants/assistance to applicants who
take proper training in
urban agriculture in various neighborhoods of the City in an amount
not to exceed
$30,000.00, chargeable to and payable from the following account:
Urban Agriculture Education Fund.
Org. 110000, Fund 6100, BY 2011, Subclass PGHPR, P/G 2267418, Acct. 000000."
--end quote --

@_date: 2011-02-03 11:37:36
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] New MIT Press publication Access to Knowledge in the 
knowledge politics
Via  (Richard Adler)
Access to Knowledge in the Age of Intellectual Property: understanding
the state of play in global knowledge politics

@_date: 2011-01-03 10:16:35
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Information sector: a qualitative 
A phenomenon that could be related to this discussion centers around
the amount of foreclosures happening in industrial midwestern cities
in the US.
These foreclosed city properties are usually going either to banks or
local governments. In the cases where they are going to local
governments, there is an opportunity to invest in creating new land
commons by way of groups of people purchasing the land from local
government land banks, and placing the property in the ownership of
the group (such as a cooperative). It is in the interest of the local
governments to see people residing and working within the city, over
and above seeing banks or real estate investment companies simply
buying up the land, bulldozing the buildings, sitting on the land and
waiting for better real estate market times.
So, there is an opportunity in cities for co-operatives based around
food, energy, technological production, access, social welfare support
(alliances with not-for profit groups) etc.
There is a similar case in rural areas of the industrial midwest,
where people are joining community supported agriculture cooperatives.
The primary driver here is that their areas are othewise "food
deserts". As regional economies collapse, and fuel costs increase,
distribution to more sparsely populated rural areas dries up. Joining
one or more CSA's gets you access to the produce, meat and other items
that it might otherwise be nearly impossible to find.

@_date: 2011-01-03 10:25:03
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] abundance in agriculture 
I wonder also if in some cases permaculture efforts are frustrated
simply due to lack of knowledge about how to produce food out of, and
maintain the installation?
Also, if self-sufficiency in the Thai permaculture farms centers
around becoming financially profitable, it could be that they simply
need a different model (not a for-profit business model).

@_date: 2011-01-03 10:39:04
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning]  abundance in agriculture 
Indeed, my point was that it may be the most appropriate model.
However, it'd be interesting to know how well the installations
actually produce food or other useful product (soil, energy, etc).
I think this is just my own bias, which is to see food production as
an investment that can and should fairly quickly pay off for
participants (unless it is being done for educational purposes)

@_date: 2011-01-03 14:13:05
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Commoning] Information sector: a qualitative 
I've not seen too much of this as of yet (not to say it couldn't start
happening at any time).
The common concept in the industrial midwest now is the "Land Bank".
Example: Basically, land comes into the possession of government by either
being abandoned or people not paying taxes on the land. The "land
bank"will often re-sell it at substantially lower costs, and this is
an opportunity in cities for co-operatives to gain legal possession of
land (which in turn could be co-owned by participants in co-op if

@_date: 2011-01-04 20:16:49
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] land banks as strategic opportunities for land 
Just catching up on email. Yes, working on it now in fact.

@_date: 2011-01-14 00:05:14
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: It may soon be illegal in US to show support 
If Wikileaks is added to the OFAC list (not appeal-able), a US citizen
who donates to their legal defense or provides other support - not
limited to funds would be guilty of a serious crime
Material Support For Terrorists
04 JAN 2011 07:40 PM
David Cole?thinks?current law makes it too easy to be charged with
that offense, and that some big names have put themselves in legal
DID former Attorney General Michael Mukasey, former New York Mayor
Rudolph Giuliani, Tom Ridge, a former homeland security secretary, and
Frances Townsend, a former national security adviser, all commit a
federal crime last month in Paris?when they spoke in support?of the
Mujahedeen Khalq at a conference organized by the Iranian opposition
group?s advocates? Free speech, right? Not necessarily.
The problem is that the United States government?has labeled?the
Mujahedeen Khalq a ?foreign terrorist organization,? making it a crime
to provide it, directly or indirectly, with any material support. And,
according to the Justice Department under Mr. Mukasey himself, as well
as under the current attorney general, Eric Holder, material support
includes not only cash and other tangible aid, but also speech
coordinated with a ?foreign terrorist organization? for its benefit.
It is therefore a felony, the government has argued, to file an amicus
brief on behalf of a ?terrorist? group, to engage in public advocacy
to challenge a group?s ?terrorist? designation or even to encourage
peaceful avenues for redress of grievances.
Imagine if a group of leading American liberals met on foreign soil
with -- and expressed vocal support for -- supporters of a terrorist
group that had (a) a long history of hateful anti-American rhetoric,
(b) an active role in both the takeover of a U.S. embassy and Saddam
Hussein's brutal 1991 repression of Iraqi Shiites, (c) extensive
financial and military support from Saddam, (d) multiple acts of
violence aimed at civilians, and (e) years of being designated a
"Terrorist organization" by the U.S. under Presidents of both parties,
a designation which is ongoing? The ensuing uproar and orgies of
denunciation would be deafening.
But on December 23, a group of leading conservatives -- including Rudy
Giuliani and former Bush officials Michael Mukasey, Tom Ridge, and
Fran Townsend --?did exactly that.
Jacob Sullum?wrote?last May about how the War On Terrorism was
morphing into a war on free speech.
On Thu, Jan 13, 2011 at 10:32 AM, Kendall Hallett
