
@_date: 2009-08-02 13:59:34
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: additions to Crottorf report 
Hash: SHA1
That's actually quite an impressive decision on the face of it, but
running it through some filtering makes it less impressive: About 1.6%
of the land area in Singapore is currently used for farming, producing
about 5000 tonnes of vegetables in 2001, running up an agricultural
trade deficit of about $1.22 bn that year
A figure I often cite is the USDA's figure that the average American
consumes around 884 kg of food per year; with the population of
Singapore converging fast on 5 million, that means that there should be
a surplus available.
But: Singapore manufactures Orchids quite heavily for export, and in the
last two decades the country has reduced its livestock farming
substantially. "The government began phasing out pig farming in 1984
because of odor and environmental pollution. Some 200 pig farms raising
about 500,000 pigs in 1987 were scheduled to be reduced to 22 farms with
300,000 pigs by 1990." (
Further: "Singapore grew 5.6 percent of its total supply of 180,000 tons
of fresh vegetables in 1988 and imported the rest from Malaysia,
Indonesia, China, and Australia. The main crops cultivated locally
included vegetables, mushrooms, fruit, orchids, and ornamental plants."
So something's not right...
One statistic that is very hard to find (although it shouldn't be hard
to produce) is the percentage of vegetables produced that goes into
livestock feed. If this number and the number of tons of water required
to produce each pig, for example, were more commonly known, then the
game might change. Our planets resources are heavily biased in favor of
Water footprints are interesting btw:
Anyway. I applaud Singapore for taking this step, but I think they might
be taking extreme measures to achieve something that they should be
capable of without changing much of anything.
 - Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-08-07 01:59:24
@_author: =?windows-1252?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: 20 Theses against green capitalism 
Hash: SHA1
The British shut down Copenhagen in 1801 and then again in 1807. Others
have also shut down Copenhagen, but to what end?
While these theses start off on the right track and are very insightful,
about half way through they start to sound like some rare form of
enlightened primitivism, hopping back into old fashioned idiotic
primitivism at end.
The situation is simple. We need to change our ways of living very very
substantially, globally, right now.
I pose a challenge to each of you: Decrease your daily environmental
footprint by 1/3.
I've been trying to do this for a while. Since I moved in to my new
apartment (where I'm living with four other people) we've decreased the
apartment's daily electricity consumption from 23.87 kWh/day on average
to 13.62 kWh/day on average. We have six trashcans for different types
of waste, and try to grow some of our own stuff.
How much am I really decreasing my environmental footprint? Probably not
a lot. The fact is that it's really really hard to do without decreasing
one's quality of life. I could clearly cut down significantly by
refusing to fly, but that would strand me on this little island. Even by
refusing to fly, there's still a large part of my footprint generated by
travel by boat and car (about 50/50, oddly enough), not to mention the
fact that I occasionally indulge in meat (albeit to a decreasing degree)...
So at what point do we say, fine, I'm going to change my way of life so
dramatically that I'm going to really feel it? And at which point have
enough people done that so that we don't all end up dead?
The primitivist way out is just as futile as the capitalist's way out
for a number of reasons. Not least in that in developing countries where
the environmental footprint is far lower than here, there's still
alarming levels of toxic waste, littering, deforestation, poor graywater
management, water shortages, and so on and so forth...
So what do we do?
Well. Copenhagen is a fairly modest attempt. It's never going to be
enough. The only thing that's anywhere close to being enough is
returning to a preindustrial era in a lot of things while remaining in a
postindustrial level in some others. The implications are impossible to
map out and in general it's a big clusterfuck. Or, what we could do is
realize that it's our collective asses on the line and that what we need
the most right now is less commercialization and more cooperation. We
need something akin to a new Manhattan project, aimed at figuring out
all the complicated shit we're going to need to understand in order to
fix things.
At the end of the day it's not primitivism that's going to save us. It's
not necessarily technology either, although that will certainly help.
It's a clear understanding that we are capable of doing whatever it is
to the world we want, we have demonstrated our unending capacity for
change, and now we just have to decide what it is we want our planet to
be like.
So second challenge right here: Describe the world as you would like it
to be.
Forgive the rant.
 - Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-07-08 01:23:35
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] internet blackout in Urumqi 
Hash: SHA1
Important statistics here are the relative number of Internet users in
Iran versus China, the number of entry/exit points for Internet
connections, and the user demographics.
Consider that Iran is very much comprised of young liberal people while
China's Internet users are largely upper class business people; while
both of these statements are over-generalizations, they emphasize that
the difficulties involved in censoring Irani traffic are vastly greater
than those involved in censoring Chinese traffic, both for social and
technological reasons.
As for the Taliban controlling information flow, yes, certainly, but
their methods were (and are) very rudimentary: ban people from reading
anything informative, shoot people found with cellphones and laptops,
and so on. It wouldn't keep people from talking, but it would be a lot
easier to control the chatter. Nowadays Afghans in risky areas hide
cellphones and laptops in the women's bedrooms (as the Taliban won't
search there), and actually the Taliban themselves are starting to use
cellphones to organize themselves. One of the weirdest things I've seen
was a Taliban standing by the roadside seemingly writing a text message.
 - S

@_date: 2009-07-08 11:31:15
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Google Wave 
Hash: SHA1
The challenges of Google Wave:
  1. We must ensure that it becomes Society's Technology and not
Google's Technology; any monopoly on digital communications is
inherently bad, but I needn't lecture people on the p2p research list
about that!
  2. We must ensure that older forms of communication be bidirectionally
compatible to as large an extent as possible; our thousands of e-mail
thoughts must not be lost.
  3. We must ensure that this does not raise, but rather lowers, the
barrier to entry for low end computing. Currently only a small fraction
of humanity has connectivity and that is changing only with the adoption
of cheap low end computers in developing nations. The processing
overhead of XML is vastly higher than that of plain text e-mails, to a
degree that it might exclude things like the Thinner Client (a $10
microprocessor unit with a few kilobytes of memory that hooks up to a
television). Bridging technologies must exist also.
  4. At the end of the day, we must be able to say: "Ah, that was a good
idea." ... and although I join in the Google Wave hype just as much as
everybody else who's looked at it and seen in it the protocol of the
future, I currently cannot say that, because I see huge problems that
stem from the ownership of ideas, the loss of history, and the exclusion
of billions.
  - Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-07-17 10:20:24
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?U23DoXJpIE1jQ2FydGh5?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Free Manufacturing idea 
Hash: SHA1
  This sounds like a good project.
  I have been doing some work with Bryan Bishop, Ben Lipkowitz and Sam
Rose (CC'd) on the idea of creating a database of manufacturing
processes where each defines a set of inputs and outputs as well as
documenting the process itself to a human readable degree.
  Creating such a machine-readable database of interactions would pave
the way for computational solutions of arbitrary "manufacturing graph"
queries such as, "given my available stock of materials, what is the
shortest path to create an electric toothbrush?"
  Of course for that level of details the database would need to be
extremely large and contain a multitude of object designs as well as
processes. The beauty of this is, though, that the simple process of
defining it makes a standard definition of datafiles for the
manufacturing of anything, which could be adopted for use in 3D
printers, CNC mills, etc.
  From here we talk of capabilities: What are the manufacturing
capabilities associated with a particular piece of hardware? Or rather:
Which manufacturing processes are made available by a particular piece
of hardware.
  When we have knowledge of this, we can start geographically mapping
equipment and materials, to add a "distance" notion to the question of
"how to manufacture anything".
  You can imagine where we go from there.
  This kind of project is no less important than the design and
construction of devices like the RepRap...
  Now, how does this relate to your concept? Primarily, I would argue,
in that this book should be a guide on how to view the abstract notion
of manufacturing given this new manufacturing ecosystem that we are
trying to build. It should document equipment, common analytical,
chemical, mechanical and computational processes, and methodology, and
should generally serve as an entry point for people into the world of
free manufacturing.
  Perhaps you think of this differently, and that's fine, these are just
my two cents.
  It's good to have you on board! Your background in CFD could help with
a lot of things that would be highly beneficial, such as defining a
parametric design for Tesla turbines... and more generally easy
accessible documentation and modeling software would be great.

@_date: 2009-07-17 13:38:57
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?U23DoXJpIE1jQ2FydGh5?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Free Manufacturing idea 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
For those on this list not willing or capable to plow through LaTex
code, I have compiled a PDF file from the current GIT tree and have put
it here: There is a definite towards solutions going on, keep the ball rolling guys!
  -S

@_date: 2009-07-30 13:27:56
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] pushbutton web 
Hash: SHA1
I am part of Facebook's universe, it is not part of mine. That is to
say, Facebook cannot exist without me and you and us, but conversely
Facebook benefits my existence very little beyond that which could be
achieved by the other mechanisms that I already have at my disposal.
However, I participate in Facebook knowing that a lot of my peers use it
as a source of information. Wheras I follow e-mail, they follow status
updates. It peeves me that so many of my close peers are members of the
cult of brevity, but that's their choice and they're entitled to make
it. I also follow Twitter - an offspring of the brevity cult - and post
to it irregularly. For the benefit of those I associate with, I have
Twitter posts syndicated to Facebook automagically.
The downside of this is that my Twitter-audience is generally very much
aware of the kind of things I do and understand them to a high degree,
whereas my Facebook audience generally doesn't understand what I do and
even mock it. An example of this was yesterday when I posted "Industry
2.0 core features? Post-scarcity, self-organization, peer production,
decentralization... what else?" to Twitter, and an old mathematician
friend of mine replied, "why don't you just stop speaking nonsense?"
This illustrates a certain fragmentation within my social network, which
could be summarized as "Icelanders" versus "foreigners", although this
misses a lot of subtleties.
Yesterday I got developer access to Google Wave, and the first thing
that I realized upon logging into it is that it was beyond any doubt
poised to further fragment my social network. Instead of it being only
the "e-mail", "twitter", "facebook" realms of my social consciousness,
there would be an added "wave" realm. All together now: FRAGMENTED
ATTENTION SPAN.
How to deal with this? One friend of mine made a conscious decision a
while ago to quit IRC, cancel his cellphone subscription, and blackhole
e-mails from people he didn't know. He became a hermit at that instant,
reading only list mail from one certain mailing list and losing contact
with most of his older friends. His productivity has gone up
substantially as a result. That said, his field is low level kernel
hacking, a field I haven't touched on for a number of years. My field
requires a high level of interaction with smart people, which is why I'm
on this list and many like it.
But much like kernel hacking, what I do - what we do - requires long
stretches of unbroken attention span, thoroughly segmented into spurts
of activity. Without access to these we're useless. And so it becomes a
race: publish early, publish often on the one hand, versus research well
and research deep on the other.
I'm at a loss of how to deal with this, but I'm growing of the opinion
that the value of a social technology to me is inversely proportional to
their reliance on me.
That is to say: things that need me in order to survive probably don't
deserve to.
Oddly enough, this is the same view as I took regarding pets a long time
 - Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-06-11 20:19:26
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?U23DoXJpIE1jQ2FydGh5?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The difference between anarchism and libertarianism 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Forgive the length of this rant, and please refrain from drawing
conclusions before the end of it:
I have frequently been asked what the difference is between
libertarianism and anarchism, in light of the fact that anarchists have
adopted the moral that libertarians have claimed ownership of, that
individual freedom is only limited by the equal freedom of others.
Because of this, both libertarians and anarchists reject the authority
of others, especially the authority of governments.
 ?The greatest advances of civilization, whether in architecture or
painting, in science and literature, in industry or agriculture, have
never come from centralized government? - Milton Friedman
So what is the difference? The answer is simple. There is only one
difference between anarchism and that which has been called
libertarianism, but that single difference has a number of very
important consequences.
The difference is this: Anarchists do not recognize the concept of property.
Anarchism is first and foremost about freedom, but anarchists do not
accept that their freedom is limited by physical or imaginary property.
Therefore it may be more correct to speak of propertarianism than
The consequences start to become apparent when we appreciate the need to
protect property, since the concept of property cannot be assumed to be
universally accepted, simply by virtue of the existence of anarchists.
The protection of property can be done in a number of ways. The threat
of violence and whichever form of making good on that threat was common,
but another method is the creation of a legislation or agreement which
grants some organization the authority to punish in some way for
infringement of property rights
 ?Civil government, so far as it is instituted for the security of
property, is in reality instituted for the defense of the rich against
the poor, or of those who have some property against those who have none
at all.? - Adam Smith, The Wealth of Nations (1776)
That propertarians take care of their own property rights by way of
violence or other means is the method many of the more liberal
propertarians have advocated, and the most radical amongst them have
styled themselves anarcho-capitalists. However, the managing of ones own
affairs is an uncommon approach, seeing as how few wish to shit where
they eat, let alone murder where they live.
It is simpler for the conscience to let others take care of the
violence. For this and many other reasons, most propertarians accept
that although an authorative government is a bad thing, it is important
to have laws to maintain property rights.
?Corruption is government intrusion into market efficiencies in the form
of regulations.? - Milton Friedman
Hence the legislative authority, the first part of government. They
accept that although it goes against their ideals, there must be a
government, but then it shall be a minimal government. The minimal
government should not offer social services, as this would intrude on
market efficiencies. Rather, it should only maintain property rights on
everything, whether it is objects, resources or ideas, and enforce those
rights with punishments of some kind.
Now the propertarians are faced with a liberal dilemma: how do we ensure
fairness? Can we guarantee the liberty of those who infringe on our
property rights? Well, we can't, but we may be able to ensure justice by
way of some arbitrative authority which use the rules to punish
everybody equally.
 ?The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the
poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.?
- - Anatole France, The Red Lily (1894)
And now that the punishment has been delved out, action must be taken to
enforce it. There must also be some way to bring infringers ? criminals
? to justice. Hence the executive authority, with its ability to execute
all of the above, including the criminals if need be.
Let's remember that here we speak only of the most pure form of
libertarianism: in a perfect libert... ? sorry, in a perfect
propertarian society the government would neither operate schools nor
hospitals, these would be privately owned. The government would not
provide social benefits or physical security, as all of these functions
would be functions of the market. The only purpose of government is to
enforce property rights. Anything else is simply communism, isn't it?
 ?Once wide coercive powers are given to governmental agencies for
particular purposes, such powers cannot be effectively controlled by
democratic assemblies.? - Friedrich von Hayek, The Constitution of
Liberty (1960)
This tiny detail, property, is enough to have the propertarian unravel
all her beliefs and build around herself a powerful system of coercion
which is very easy to use for oligarchical purposes. Taxation, trade
barriers and an unfree market are natural consequences of having such
power hanging over us. But this they accept anyway, because in the world
of the propertarians, property is more important than freedom.
 ?Property is theft.? - Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, What is Property? Or, an
Inquiry into the Principle of Right and of Government (1840)
Unfortunately, very few are anarchists. Very few people have considered
property in this light and very few have considered the consequences of
eliminating the concept of property. So it may not be unreasonable to
consider some of the implications of doing so.
Imagine owning nothing. This is different from not having anything: when
you sit in a cinema you do not own the seat you are sitting in, but yet
you have it. You are using it and nobody is likely to take it from you.
If anybody were likely to do so it would be the owner of the cinema,
which he can do simply because it is his property.
Laws do differentiate between having and owning. When discussing
resource rights there is an understandable difference between usage
rights and property rights. Usage rights can be temporary or more
permanent, and they don't necessarily need protecting with laws. Few
people would consider using another persons toothbrush or bed without
What if a house stands vacant? If property exists then the house shall
stand vacant if that is the will of the owner; it is his prerogative as
owner to have the house fall into disrepair. But if no property rights
exist, then it is clear that usage rights do not apply if the house is
not being used, so another could use, lest the resource be squandered.
 ?The idea of property, or permanent empire, in those things which ought
to be applied to our personal use, and still more in the produce of our
industry, unavoidably suggests the idea of some species of law or
practice by which it is guaranteed. Without this, property could not
exist.? - William Godwin, An Enquiry Concerning Political Justice and
its Influence on Morals and Happiness (1793)
Keep in mind that this does not contradict the right to privacy. If you
are using a room it is not socially accepted that another barge in and
begin using it; rooms are rival, and rivalry transcends property.
Dropping the right to property would not mean that people could not have
private possessions either: people will always respect one another's
privacy to a sensible degree determined by the social context. Laws are
only needed to enforce injustice.
In economics things are considered to be either scarce or abundant,
meaning that with sensible use of these things can be depleted, or else
there will be enough to fulfill any sensible demand for the resource. An
example of a scarce object is the Eiffel tower. There is only one Eiffel
tower, and there never be more than one Eiffel tower, because copies
will only be copies ? what makes the Eiffel tower what it is is not its
shape or chemical composition, but rather its cultural significance.
However, there is an abundance of oxygen on Earth, and it would be
unreasonable to intend to deplete it.
On the other hand there are rival goods, and social goods. This refers
to whether or not the usage of one individual of the resource precludes
the use of others of the same resource. A carrot used by one man cannot
be used by another. A chair cannot be used, under normal circumstances,
by more than one at a time. However many can sit in the same cinema, and
many can use the same garden.
(It's worth noting that most economists don't see any difference between
rivalry and scarcity, which may explain some of their mistakes.)
 ?Since neither property nor capital produces anything when not
fertilized by labor?that means the power and the right to live by
exploiting the works of someone else, the right to exploit the work of
those who possess neither property nor capital and who thus are forced
to sell their productive power to the lucky owners of both.? - Michael
Bakunin, Selected Writings
Labor is of course on of those things for which there is both
competition and rivalry: each individual only has a fixed number of
hours in the day, and the propertarian model has established a culture
of the owners of the means of production having others work on their
behalf in exchange for a small portion of the produce, and this is
generally not provided in the form of the produce itself, but rather in
the form of a currency.
In light of recent events it is dilligent to ask of currency: is it
scarce? Yes. Is it rival? Yes. Need this be the case?
This last question is important not least because it is so rarely asked.
The monetary system has been constructed around the belief that all
things are scarce and that all things are rival. Because of this, the
monetary system is incapable of properly estimating the value of things
that are abundant or social.
 ?Money is a sign of poverty.? - Iain M. Banks, The State of the Art (1989)
The concept of property has been used to justify scarcity for many
centuries. Many centuries ago, in England, many large forests were
considered to be commons ? a concept all but exterminated from our
culture ? areas which all had equal usage rights to and nobody had
formal property rights for. At some point the lords realized that these
commons were quite valuable, and suddenly realized that which has come
to be known as the tragedy of the commons.
The farmers made use of the forests, cutting small branches off the
trees in the autumn to use as firewood during the winter. This helped
the trees conserve energy during the winter months and start growing
earlier in the spring, and the farmers had enough to keep them warm.
When the lords suddenly realized that this was a scarce resource,
despite this having been the way of life since time immemorial, they had
no other choice than to demand that farmers pay for the right to collect
these branches.
The farmers, of course, had to pay, or else not have firewood. The use
of the forests did not change. Property did not solve a problem that
didn't exist to begin with.
 ?No complaint?is more common than that of a scarcity of money.? - Adam
Smith, The Wealth of Nations (1776)
Money as such are not as large a problem as the way people think about
money. The properties of money come from the needs that property ? and
the power structure that maintains property ? has created to maintain
In the last century money has been created out of nothing. They are
created when banks lend each other money. This is a type of
centralization, enacted to ensure that only a limited amount of money
exists. A central bank, the regulator of the currency, decides how much
of the currency exists at any given time. Most people do not have
freedom to create money.
The banks that have the right to create money have, just as the owners
who oppress the workers, used their situation to increase their property
value by enacting usury.
 ?If he has exacted usury Or taken increase ? Shall he then live? He
shall not live! If he has done any of these abominations, He shall
surely die; His blood shall be upon him.? - Bibl?an, Ezekiel 18:13 (King
James version)
Usury, or interest, creates an interesting situation in the monetary
system. There is a constant demand for more money than has been created.
This, along with the centralization of the means of production of money,
create a game, which has a few rules:
Everybody must participate, they cannot quit, they cannot win, they
cannot break even. The goal of the game is to be the last person to
loose. The best strategy? Own more. Avoid bankruptcy. Lie, cheat,
decieve. Drive others to bankruptcy. The worse you are as a person, the
better you are at the game.
So what is the solution? How do we change the game?
Simple: We stop assuming that everything is scarce, and that all things
are rival. This tiny change unravels the current failures in the
monetary system. Then we can build a new monetary system and a new
market economy which does not rely on the concept of property.
First, we stop accepting centralization of the means of production, and
allow everybody to create credit, the value of which is determined by
their merit. By using computers we can make this fast, simple and safe.
 ?Abundant cheap credit would drastically alter the balance of power
between capital and labor, and returns on labor would replace returns on
capital as the dominant form of economic activity.? - Kevin Carson,
Mutualist Political Economy
The monetary system would be constructed thus: business transactions
between individuals, where items of value are exchanged ? irrespective
of ownership thereof ? based on statements of gratitude from the ?buyer?
to the ?seller?. The computer system can collate the enumerated
gratitude at a moment's notice, throughout the entire society. With
strong encryption these statements will be nigh impossible to forge.
What's more, the contradictory nature of capitalism gets put to good
use. The capitalist model assumes that the only motivation for human
activity is profit, while at the same time neoliberal economics point
out that in a perfect free market competition will eliminate profit.
This would mean, in the case of loans, that due to the availability of
cheap credit, no interest would need to be payed, nor loan fees, any
more than you pay the attendant at the supermarket a handling fee for
accepting your money.
The technological basis for this exists, but they are outside the scope
of this short rant. The point is this:
Property is weaker now than often before, as it goes against the
morality of those who have nothing.
The monetary system is weak now, because it was designed around
assumptions that no longer apply.
Centralization is not the future, scarcity is not the future, property
is not the future. Anarchism is the future: freedom for all to live in
equality and cooperation.
  - Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-06-15 01:03:06
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Ecology 
Hash: SHA1
Hi all,
I have to agree with Franz here. I thank him for the kind words about my
most recent rant, but the rant itself highlights a certain problem: I
am, much like many people here, much better at ranting on endlessly
about the theoretical points than making good of them on a practical
level. Whilst the theoretical musings are very very important, if they
aren't backed up with proof of concept and running code (to borrow a
phrase) it isn't worth a lot.
Open Source Ecology and Global Villages and so on are really doing the
gruntwork here. There's lots and lots of running code. What we need to
do collectively is map out that code, see what's working and why, and
start mapping our theoretical insights onto proofs of concept. There's
plenty of things that are working that we don't understand, and there's
plenty of things that aren't working for reasons that we do understand.
Bridge the gap, people!
 - Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-06-15 01:27:49
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Ecology 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Awesome. Although I like the idea of "alternative currencies", I think
there is more inherent value in "currencies"* and we should be focusing
on non-scarce replacements for current monetary systems. That said, I
haven't been doing a lot of work on this recently, mostly due to lack of
stimulus and too many other things going on.
This week I'm meeting with Icelandic government officials on switching
over to free software. This has an estimated government spending
reduction of about 3.1-3.7 billion kronas annually just on licensing
costs, not to mention the increased sustainability and trade benefits.
Apart from that there are motions in action to start a cooperative ISP
in Iceland which aims, broadly, to decommoditise uplink, putting it back
into the infrastructure realm. This is important, because you don't
build systems upon commodities, you build it on infrastructure.
Regardless of your active value statement** you have to admit that value
grows faster when the underlying elements are givens.
Alex: You should drop by Iceland on your way back if you have the
option. The level of madness that could ensue from this would be
spectacular. If not, fair enough, we've got plenty of time.
 - Sm?ri
* "Do you know what they call alternative medicine that's been proven to
work? Medicine." - Tim Minchin
** Mine is formulating to be: Every increase in redundancy results in a
decrease in requisite effort. More on this later.
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2009-06-19 19:13:05
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?U23DoXJpIE1jQ2FydGh5?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The difference between anarchism and 
Hash: SHA1
 Sorry for the late reply.
The anarchist side is thoroughly documented from the angle of property
rights, whereas the libertarian stance takes property mostly as a given
and indulges itself only in discussion about the relative merits of
various forms of property. Thus my elaboration in that direction rather
than the other.
Your mistake here is that you confuse commons with abundance, which is
something I previously thought not to be possible, but it is exactly for
this reason that I urge people to consider the difference between the
abundance/scarcity axis and the rivalry/sociality axis.
Many commons are scarce, in the sense that with sensible use they may
yet be depleted. Further, a multitude of things are abundant but do not
exist in the commons, for example ideas, which have been appropriated
and commoditised by them who we now call owners.
Again, and this has been discussed before at length and was very aptly
summarized by Kevin Carson recently on the p2p foundation blog, there
exist many forms of money that do not assume scarcity. Mutual credit is
a very fine example.
The assumption of scarcity is built into our current monetary system.
I like the way you put this. It's not entirely accurate, historically,
but I agree that the tragedy of the commons was capitalist propaganda.
The concept is itself pure bullshit, born out of rampant unchecked
On the contrary. As Michel pointed out in his previous reply to this,
usury is by no means the norm. See my post to the Oekonux mailing list
on the 6. may 2009 for a theological overview of usury and its many bans
through time. See also how interest is not assumed in many currencies,
specifically LETS systems and many other alternative currencies. (In
fact, LETS systems have the absence of usury as a rule.
What you probably mean is that usury comes into effect in monetary
systems because money lenders want increase or return on their loans,
and the competition isn't good enough to eliminate it. But the truth is
that state and/or central bank interference with the monetary system and
their monopoly over given monetary systems forces banks and other
lenders to charge increase.
The means of production of money are in the hands of centralized
monopolies. If money could be produced by all, scarcity would not be
assumed, and market dynamics would make usury unreasonable.
Because money does not encode scarcity, it encodes trust, and by way of
that, it encodes merit.
Merit is not scarce. It is finite, meaning that there is a limited
amount of it available, but it is not scarce in the sense that
reasonable use of merit will not deplete it. Further, merit is not
rival, so many people can make use of the same merit simultaneously
without causing deadlocks. Because of this, the dynamics of merit are
very much different from the dynamics of currencies defined completely
by central bank estimates of monetary value, or by market adaptations to
that value system.
I am aware with Lawrence Lessig's statement to that affect. Are you
familiar with my reversal of it?
    Law is code
Seen from a software engineering perspective, the legal system is little
more than a piece of software that defines rules and heuristics that
determine the acceptable operational parameters of society. It is
self-modifying code in that it adapts on runtime to the output of the
We're not removing authority by putting it into a computer program.
Rather, we're acknowledging the existence of authority and the
structures that enforce it, and using computer technology as a modest
means of leveling out the playing field by using advanced mathematics to
give everybody the means of production of money. I personally wish I
could see an easy way to do it without computers, but unless we can
teach everybody to calculate RSA in their head, I can't.
Again, wrong. Money encodes value, trust or merit. When I pay you for a
good, you are accepting that there is a high chance that you will be
able to use that payment's implicit trust statement to procure other
goods. This has NOTHING to do with scarcity.
How the hell do you manage to equate strong encryption with DRM? That is
the most absurd thing I have heard, and it's also borderline offensive.
First off, strong encryption eliminates the need for "policemen" by
providing everybody with a method of ensuring their privacy and proving
their identity. Notice how this e-mail will be digitally signed with my
PGP key when I send it; this is a mathematically strong way of helping
you be able to trust that the message is from me. There is no policing
involved, just a piece of smart mathematics coupled up with a p2p trust
DRM methods on the other hand aim to prevent the copying or otherwise
realistic use of digital information, which is both impossible and
stupid. This has nothing to do with trust models: with DRM you have to
supply the user of the DRMed technology with both the product and the
key to unlock it, and then somehow make it impossible to use the key
outside of a certain context, which of course is impossible to enforce.
I agree, but there are way more people who have nothing now than there
were a couple of years ago.
Please understand that "monetary systems" - plural, no article - is
different from "the monetary system" - singular, definite article.
When we say "the monetary system" we are referring to the monetary
system that is currently being used throughout the world, which is a
fiat credit model with centralized credit authority, explicit usury and
implicit geographical bindings (in some cases more explicit than others).
Anarchism is related to capitalism in the way a kiwi is related to a
range rover. Sure, they're both political models, but that's where the
similarity ends.
Capitalism relies on property, and property generates inequality, as
does communism - with most implementations of communism being nothing
more than state capitalism. As Eben Moglen said anecdotally during a
talk yesterday at the University of Iceland: "Under capitalism, man
exploits man. Under communism it's the other way around." (there's a
partial audio recording at  btw)
Further, you claimed to be familiar with anarchism. Why then do you not
understand that anarchism is the political model for peer production,
and what we're dealing with is merely a technological phenotype?
"If you open your mind too much, your brain will fall out." -- Tim Minchin.
We're watching. Trust me, we are.
  - Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-06-22 23:25:51
@_author: =?windows-1252?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
Hash: SHA1
This coincides with my use of the term "social" or "collective" as an
antonym of "rival".
Rivalry is a very important of the p2p concept - rival goods cause
problems.  - Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-06-23 16:06:26
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Government monitoring of p2p tech: to what end? 
Hash: SHA1
The question here is to which degree does a government actually have the
capacity to act on intercepted data? For the individual "event" there
might be a high degree of "intervenability" on the government's behalf,
but as the events grow closer to one another in time and more extreme,
will all the data in the world change anything?
  - Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-06-25 09:12:42
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
How unfortunate that you should miss part of the conversation because
you're not willing to get over yourself.
While you're busy killfiling people that you've deemed unworthy, the
conversation will continue.
 - Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-11-06 15:18:10
@_author: smari@anarchism.is 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2PTV 
Hi Athina, Voula, all!
  Perhaps you'd be interested in launching a P2P Research Cluster?   The idea is to form research clusters at universities all over the place
to study participatory models, crowdsourcing, distributed algorithms,
peer-to-peer culture, viable business models and anything else that relates
to the emergent ecology of the global brain.
  Modern life has many trends and concepts such as free software, the
Pirate Bay, open access, Creative Commons, censorship, 3D printing, crowd
wisdom, online activism, digital fabrication, blogs, microblogging, social
networking, direct democracy, and so on. Those who have studied any of
these cannot help but come across the others in turn. Yet currently this
world of collaborative communities remains relatively unmapped and the
world of complexity behind it has only been gazed at through the tunnel
vision of the failing industrial, economical and social models that have
been used for the past two hundred years.
  This is by nature a very inter-disciplinary concept and here at the
University of Iceland I've invited people from all faculties to join in and
have made ads that I'll be hanging up on Monday. The official cluster
launch is on Thursday next week.
  It would be great goal to launch similar clusters at at least five
universities in the next ten days: Fully reasonable and possible, given the
caliber and variety of people already involved in the P2P research. Think
of this as outreach.
  Can we compile a list of suggested reading for people wanting to get
into research in this field, preferably with links to PDFs?
 - Sm?ri
On Fri, 6 Nov 2009 15:08:34 +0000, Athina Karatzogianni

@_date: 2009-11-09 10:49:31
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Limits of mathematical modelling (was Re: 
Hash: SHA1
[For some reason it seems like my messages to this list rarely make it
through... can somebody debug?]
Re the axiom of choice, it is still controversial and not commonly
assumed to be true, but the majority of mathematicians believe it to be
true. The difference here is that belief does not validate assumption,
and thus in any case where you make an assumption based on your belief
you must state that that is the case. So any (respectable) paper in
mathematical logic which assumes the axiom of choice will say so very
near the beginning. Axioms are exactly that: Unproven theorems that are
assumed to be true.
Assumption of a statement, regardless of it's truth value, can lead to
the successful proof of many other theorems, however, if the statement
that led to their proof is found to be false, the theorems themselves
may also be false.
The axiom of choice is equivalent to Zorn's lemma and the well-ordering
theorem, which state, respectively, that every poset in which each chain
has an upper bound contains at least one maximal element, and that any
set, given an ordering relation, has exactly one correct order.
Both of these statements, and many other equivalences of the axiom of
choice are very hard to refute, but still a bit controversial.
Anyway, it seems a bit silly to bring up the Axiom of choice in this
discussion. As an example to illustrate a point it's a bit obscure and a
lot irrelevant.
  - Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-11-09 11:01:53
@_author: =?UTF-8?B?U23DoXJpIE1jQ2FydGh5?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Limits of mathematical modelling (was 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Whilst there may be some truth to what you have said, the way that you
have said it is inappropriate to civil conversation. Be nice. "It ain't
what ya do, it's how'atcha do it," as the man sang.
The current social model is abhorrent to even the simplest reasoning.
This has nothing to do with mathematics, per se, which is a theoretical
system to which the social order has absolutely no relevance, but using
mathematics as a tool will quickly show that there are a lot of very
very strange structures in the current social model. Once this has been
shown, it's a social matter to review and alter those structures.
As for the limits of mathematical modeling, there is still a lot to say
about the difference between the model and the modeled - a lot of people
fail to grasp the importance of this distinction although most will
agree that it is certainly true.
But either way, J. Andrew, please be nice. Paul might not be the best
mathematician on the block, but that's not his purpose - the man is a
wealth of information and insight. If you have something to say about
mathematics, feel free to do so in a non-arrogant way - I for one would
enjoy it.
 - Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-11-16 00:28:32
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The National Assembly 
Hash: SHA1
An article my friend Sam Knight wrote about the National Assembly in
Iceland yesterday, which he describes quite aptly as the "first attempt
to crowdsource a socio-economic-political manifesto in history"
The results are in. A brief English distillation is at
 but the Icelandic datasets are
fantastic: I hope (and expect) there will be more translation of them in the coming
 -  Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-11-20 14:01:06
@_author: =?windows-1252?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The National Assembly 
In an interesting development on this case, the government of Iceland has decided to enter into formal cooperation with the organizers of the (crowdsourced) National Assembly to ensure that the results be taken into account in the coming future and that the ideas brought forth at the assembly be implemented.
Score one for chaos, eh?
  - Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-09-08 07:23:18
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Decentralization of emergency response? 
Hash: SHA1
For a long time, emergency response services have been centralized. This
is in part due to the organization of the phone system, where the
numbers 112, 911, 999 or 000 are used, depending on where you are, to
get access to a centralized emergency services bureau, which then
dispatches localized teams based on the nature and location of the
This might be changing.
Socially we've been weened off having to deal with problems like this,
with many idly thinking that "oh the police will deal with it" or
whatever; but slowly I think there might be a resurgence in what the
authorities that be will undoubtedly start to call "emergency response
vigilanteism", but is in reality simply "crowdsourcing emergency services".
For this to be more effective than the current model, a lot of education
is required, as well as easier access to medical and firefighting
equipment, for example, and a lot of deregulation, e.g. of drugs.
What'd'y'all think?
 - S

@_date: 2009-09-18 12:05:53
@_author: =?windows-1252?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Cybernetics the missing piece for partnership 
Hash: SHA1
I love the application of cybernetics to societal organization, and have
advocated much for it in the past (see for example my essay "The End of
(artificial) Scarcity"), but I must raise a fairly important question
regarding base assumptions.
"Parliaments and Congresses are replaced by citizens chosen for their
knowledge and competence, not their ability to run political campaigns."
In the exploration of the space of viable systems to replace the current
political model, you seem to have limited yourself to systems that have
the same structure as the congress/parliament model, ignoring other,
potentially more flexible models, such as models where each individual
is fully authoritive for his own actions (which, cybernetically
speaking, is the maximally viable base system, as all signals are
reciprocated to their emitters).
"Ideology is scrapped in favor of practical organizations and technical
Hold on a moment. I like the idea here, but isn't this a very strong
assumption? Even if the system is reorganized in such a way that in
inter-organizational communications ideology is disregarded, that does
not preclude politicking within the organizations, which is unavoidable,
because at the end of the day the organization itself doesn't have
self-governance, but is rather a function of the individuals who make up
the organization, and each of these has her own agenda. Put simply, the
signals get muddled.
In all respects other than this, I agree with this analysis (although I
haven't had a chance to watch the video yet I'm afraid). In fact, I
agree to such a degree that what you're describing as a practical future
application is what I'm running towards in the TangibleBit project.
The goal is to create an industrial information system (IIS) which maps
resources. Ideologically (there it is again!) it's similar to the
CyberSyn project from the 1970's, although it's been modernized and
 -  Sm?ri

@_date: 2009-09-21 18:28:44
@_author: =?windows-1252?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] economic abundance textbook 
Hash: SHA1
Did nobody else notice the irony in the fact that a textbook on
Abundance be made artificially scarce? If the authors truly understood
the topic they're preaching here, they would have made a PDF available
for download.
The economist's counterargument is "but we spent our scarce time writing
the book, and wish to be reimbursed"... and while that is a fine
argument and I fully support them in the venture to get more
artificially scarce money to buy more artificially scarce food, it
doesn't change the fact that they're staring right down the chamber of
the scarcity gun: by making this book thing artificially scarce they're
perpetuating a nonsensical system that, if abolished, would make this
particular book sell a whole lot more*.
  - Sm?ri
* of course, the meaning of the word "sell" might change... :P

@_date: 2010-12-01 10:36:07
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P democracy? 
Hi all,
  So, the results are in. I lost. The vote was incredibly even for most
of the rounds - I eventually got eliminated after 377 rounds (out of 509
total), which put me in the top 25% of the candidates, roughly, but
nowhere near enough to get in.
  This just means that I'll have to focus on other stuff. There's a lot
to do. The 3rd annual Reykjav?k Digital Freedoms Conference is today,
so I guess I'd better focus on that for now... and then there's all the
other stuff.
  I learned a lot, had a lot of fun, and now know how not to play this
game (clean). Of the people who did get in, none can be considered
representatives of the views prevalent in our community, and a few can
actually be considered hostile to those views. There are a few glimmers
of hope, a few members are somewhat oriented towards the ideas we share
but are very unaware of what's going on in the larger context. It would
be very useful to make some kind of "p2p constitution package" that
contains information about how networked societies need to be
represented in modern governance models.
   - Sm?ri

@_date: 2010-12-01 16:32:36
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P democracy? 
I'd suggest a first draft on an etherpad session...
   Write away and let's see where we can get in a couple of days (I don't
think I'll have much time to work on it today, but tomorrow and onward!)

@_date: 2010-12-23 12:28:19
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Zero information banking 
Hi all,
  I've been experimenting with a line of thought to allow for p2p social
banking with a high level of privacy, but yet limiting the possibilities
for fraud.
  The approach I'm taking is based on zero-information proofs, utilizing
some features of public key crytpography. For example, the mechanism for
doing a trusted transfer is as follows:
    A - Alice's name
    B - Bob's name
    Sx(m) - Sign message m with x's private key
    Ex(m) - Encrypt message m to x using his public key
    Dx(m) - Decrypt message m using x's private key
    Vx(m) - Verify signature of message m using x's public key
        Alice wants to transfer 1000 to Bob. They want the amount of the
transfer to be secret, but they want their transfer to be accountable so
neither can cheat.
    Cheating is:
        Alice pretending not to have transferred
        Bob pretending not to have received the money
        Alice or Bob lying about how much was transferred
        Replay attacks - Bob using the same transfer repeatedly, or Eve
making Alice bankrupt by replaying the transfer
        MITM - Eve intercepts the transfer and meddles with the amount
or prevents it from getting to Bob
        They ask Trent (the trusted server - a broker) to be a witness,
but Trent isn't supposed to know enough about the transfer to be able to
tell anybody how much was transferred, only that it happened and, if
need be, he can verify which transfer it was.
        [implied: transaction identities and timestamps to prevent
replay; couldn't be bothered to work it in ;-)]
    Alice creates a transfer token p = 1000 and signs it with her public
key, Sa(p). Sends to Bob (Eb(Sa(p))).
    Bob Va(Db(Sa(p)))
    Bob signs and sends (Ea(Sb(Db(Eb(Sa(p)))))) = (Ea(Sb(Sa(p))) to Alice
    Alice notifies Trent that a transfer has occurred, (Eb(Sb(Sa(p))),
Ea(Sb(Sa(p))), A, B).
    Trent saves this in his brokerage diary.
    Trent starts asking Alice and Bob questions at random.
        e.g., Trent asks Alice: What is the amount transferred
multiplied by 400?
                Alice responds:  Eb(p*400)
                Trent asks Bob: What number has the amount been
multiplied with in Eb(p*400)
                Bob responds: Et(Db(p*400)/p)
                Trent asks 4-5 questions like this, starting with Bob
and Alice interchangably (or randomly). If Trent always gets the correct
answer, he publishes a certificate:
                        St(Eb(Sb(Sa(p))), Ea(Sb(Sa(p))), A, B)
                Alice stores a transfer out on her ledger:
                   (-p, St(Eb(Sb(Sa(p))), Ea(Sb(Sa(p))), A, B), A, B)
                Bob stores a transfer in on his ledger:
                   (p, St(Eb(Sb(Sa(p))), Ea(Sb(Sa(p))), A, B), A, B)
This essentially allows Trent to verify that a transaction has occurred
from Alice to Bob, and they agree on the amount transferred on both
ends, and that nobody has tampered with the transaction... all without
Trent ever knowing how much is being transferred. As zero information
proofs go, this is fairly simple - the only "innovation" (if it could be
called that :P) here is the use of "accounting logic"...
Now, this is all well and good, although an early critique of this is
that it doesn't immediately guard against collusion between Eve and
Trent; or indeed Trent being an impostor. The inclusion of a trusted
third party is, unfortunately, an unavoidable fact; but since it's a
zero information proof arbitrarily many trusted parties can be included
in the process... besides, there's an assumption here that validation of
Trent's identity is done prima facie, and that some mechanism is used to
enforce his trustworthiness... but what that mechanism is, I don't know.
So, the three features needed, imo, are:
 * Zero information transfers (transfer between two parties such that
neither party can cheat, without any third party knowing how much was
transferred) (done-ish)
 * 1 bit "can X pay"? (one party can, given the permission of the other,
find out whether the latter can afford to pay a certain amount, without
being given any information about how much that party has)
 * circuitous roundups (an algorithm allowing circular debt elimination;
if A owes B and B owes C and C owes A, then the minimum of their common
debt can be eliminated)
... I haven't yet figured out if these three are sufficient for a
complete system (assuming that we have key exchange and such out of the
way). Probably not.
For the 1 bit "clearance", Alice wants to know if Bob can afford to pay
her 1000 CryptoDollars - this is a prerequisite to her accepting a
transaction from him, since no other entity will be able to confirm this
[having such an entity would cause an authority disequilibrium in the
system, which I'm trying to avoid...]. Bob can choose to show Alice his
account (showing that you have the money is the traditional method, but
harder in digital currencies --), but not without revealing all of the
transfers and amounts transferred to date; or at least back until the
previous roundup [a feature of the system].
Some requirements of such a system are that
 - Bob must give permission before Alice is allowed to learn the value
of the bit.
 - Bob must not be trusted to give the correct value of the bit.
 - Trent can be asked, but only questions that he has the answer to...
Circuitous roundups are easy in the case where a trusted party (Trent)
has full knowledge of the system, but full information very quickly
becomes impossible if you have a federated or truly p2p system, and we
don't want anybody to have that much information anyway.
For the record, I'm not adverse to probabilistic approaches - heck, zero
information proofs like the one above are almost always probabilistic.
I'm fairly sure that some would argue against having a probabilistic
banking system, but they don't understand the law of large numbers and
should read up on it.. ;)
... to address the most obvious criticism of this, it's a very clearly
technocratic approach with a lot of implicit faith in the idea of public
key crypto and doesn't take human nature much into account. Well, yes.
If I were trying to build a system to regulate human nature, it'd
probably involve a lot of violence and be ultimately unsuccessful -
that's not the goal. The goal is to take the currency-trade model that's
been working well in meatspace and raise it to a level where it becomes
independently reliable in cyberspace. The more successful such an
attempt is, the less regulation of human behaviour is necessary to
ensure the stability of the monetary system. "Stability by design"
versus "stability by policy" is a good direction to go in, even if we
can't get there.
  Thoughts?
  - Sm?ri

@_date: 2010-11-17 15:03:16
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 days to go... 
I'll do a writeup of my main issues and perspectives later today and
post it here.
  Thanks for the support!
  - Sm?ri

@_date: 2010-11-19 23:39:39
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 10 days to go... 
I'm sorry it's taken so long to hammer this together; most of my
material regarding the constitutional assembly is (understandably I
hope) in Icelandic and the emphasis has been there, but I took a bit of
time today to hack together a basic overview of the most important points...
It's nowhere near comprehensive, but I hope it gives people at least a
feel of what it is I'm trying to do. Please forgive shoddy formatting
and typos. :-)
  - Sm?ri

@_date: 2010-11-30 09:46:00
@_author: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Sm=E1ri_McCarthy?= 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P democracy? 
Hi all,
  Thanks for your support, it's meant a lot to me. Also, sorry for the
late feedback, but I've been waiting too.. read on. :-)
  The elections were slightly disappointing in a number of ways.
Throughout the time running up to the elections, various special
interest groups, mostly allied with the old political models, were
attacking the idea of a constitutional assembly, and even went as far as
to spur confusion about the voting system itself, the STV-PR (Single
Transferable Vote) system.
  The result of this was the smallest voter turnout in Icelandic
history, roughly 37% - in comparison, parliamentary elections here have
a typical turnout of roughly 85%. However, with 37% of the electorate
there's still, ironically, more votes behind each potential member of
the constitutional assembly than behind a comparative parliamentarian.
  An interesting side-effect of the low turnout is that those who did
show up are considered less likely to be populistic in their choices and
in general better prepared.
  However, at the current time no results have been made public. There
were some problems with the count, mostly owing to poor handwriting
analysis software and a lot of manual checking, but the final result is
expected today.
  Judging from what I've heard from people my chances are fairly good.
With 25 seats and 522 candidates there's an off-the-bat 5% chance for
any given person to get a seat. Factoring in that about 100 candidates
did no campaigning and another 200 did only very minimal campaigning,
that chance goes up somewhat for the remainder. Also taking into account
my relative online popularity ( on Facebook "likes", and a lot of
YouTube videos that got some viewing), my vaguely defined support bases
in Reykjav?k city center and in Vestmannaeyjar, and a few other similar
things, I'm fairly confident that my chances at this point are roughly
30-40%, that is to say, that I'm in the top 60-or-so canddates.
  So... there's still a chance. I'll know more in the next 8-or-so
hours. I'll keep y'all posted.
  Interesting times...
   - Sm?ri
