
@_date: 2009-04-22 22:19:58
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The nature of apple trees (was: Re: [ox-en] apples 
Hi Michel and all!
Just to very quickly jump in here. I did not read the surrounding
thread yet so please forgive me if I'm repeating things. Also of
course I can not speak for StefanMz but only for myself.
Well, may be we move forward by using pictures like this. However, the
picture you (and StefanMz?) chose IMHO is completely misleading. Here
is the picture which comes to my mind (though it is not really perfect
in many ways).
There are those apple trees (aka captialism or any exchange based
system) and these apple trees have lots of drawbacks. Those advocating
money trickery basically say: Well, though the apple trees are bad
there are these apple tree seeds (aka exchange). If we modify the
seeds somehow the problems with the apple trees will vanish.
Someone who does not believe in money trickery now says: Well, that
position ignores the nature of the apple trees. If you modify the
apple tree seed there are effectively three possible scenarios:
1. The apple tree seed looses fertility and just rots when put into
   the ground. I.e. you end up with nothing.
2. The modification is ineffective and the result is still an apple
   tree with all the drawbacks we know so well.
3. The apple tree will survice only under strange, unwanted conditions
   or will be just a Bonsai and thus even does not deliver the
   benefits of the standard apple tree.
In short: It is the nature of the apple tree seed (aka exchange) to
end up in an apple tree (aka given the historical circumstances:
capitalism). You are either unable to hinder the nature of the apple
tree seed to become an apple tree or you destroy it altogether. At
best you end up in results which are not interesting because they are
even not able to deliver the benefits of the standard apple tree.
The peer production advocate now would continue: What we want to
arrive at is a world where apple trees play a minor role - if at all.
What we want is a world where we have lots of different fruits but
also vegetables, meat, fish, honey and so on. For this we already have
a couple of examples like pork (aka Free Software).
The peer production advocate continues: For this goal to reach any
modification of an apple tree seed is not useful because in any case
you just end up either in apple trees or nothing at all. You simply
can not modify an apple tree seed to become a pig. It's the nature of
the apple tree seed to become an apple tree and this can not be
modified arbitrarily. To ignore this is a major mistake and a sign of
major ignorance.
It is in fact you who is ignorant because you continue to say that you
can modify the apple tree seed to deliver pork or at least help the
production of pork.
One of the most prominent ignorances in this regard is the "critique"
of the apple tree leaves (aka interest). If you don't understand that
the leaves of the apple tree are part of the nature of the apple tree
(aka exchange based system) and are a logical extension of the
branches (aka surplus value) then you can of course remove the leaves.
But this makes the branches useless and then the trunk and then the
whole tree. You simply can not have an apple tree without the leaves
because an apple tree can not live without leaves.
That is of course an interesting question - though it is kind of
artificial: I can not see that an *instant* change is needed.
In any case: Modifications of apple trees will not help a new logic
which is far beyond apple trees in any way. Trying such modifications
is simply a waste of time.
Beyond my conviction this is even empirically evident because when you
look at the existing examples of pork you simply can not diagnose a
lack of apple tree logic. They just work fine - though on a
non-apple-tree logic. They don't need apple tree logic and thus even
if an improvement of apple tree logic is possible is is just
irrelevant to the new logic.
Well, ignoring the problem of the state for a moment I'd even say that
the apple tree logic / exchange system logic withers away because it
becomes more and more dysfunctional. It is absolutely clear that in
Free Software or Wikipedia an exchange system *in the core* would
destroy the system in a second. It is not only not helpful it is
dysfunctional and destructive. That is what withering away means: It
is replaced by a system working better and working on different
Agreed. But that is not what I'm striving for. The germ form theory
shows pretty well how such a development takes place. There is simply
no need to replace money at once.
Both aspects are part of the nature of the apple tree / exchange based
system. You can not remedy them without destroying the apple tree
altogether. In fact they are a very basic part of the apple tree
I agree that there are policy decisions which can make live in the
apple tree system easier. But inside an apple tree system you can not
make policies which leave the apple tree system. But beyond the apple
tree system is where we need to go to.
IMHO every person has to make a choice. Either to engage in the
classical political movements fighting for more money with some hope
to be effective. Or to fundamentally modify the money system which is
pointless. Or - and this is the real alternative - to engage in
helping the birth of a new society beyond the apple tree system which
is clearly the way to go.
Agreed. But we need to make an intelligent decision here and ignorance
is not intelligent.
                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I'm sorry Michel but this is really the voice the advocates of the
unmodified, current system. It is neither dreaming - because in an
early form there are measurable effects - nor it is impotently - when
the new economy is already an important basis of the old (like Free
Software for the Internet).
I don't see that this is required by anyone. Germ form theory says
that there is kind of an evolution here. If one of the central Oekonux
thesises is correct that on the level of the overall society we are in
the emergence step it is just logical that you can not see yet how the
world will look in 100 years.
Sure. Though I am the maintainer of this project I get nothing
valuable back in the sense of the apple tree system. I don't get paid
for the hour it took me to write this mail. Neither you are when you
wrote the mail I just replied to.
Sorry, Michel, but you, me and StefanMz are really examples of
practicing it. And many more as well.
The contrary is true. Engaging in pointless modifications of the apple
tree system is far more likely to end up in a Pot Pot: If it is
against the nature of the system you have to force and kill people.

@_date: 2009-02-19 18:00:27
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ox-en] Announcement of 4th Oekonux Conference 
Dear all,
please distribute the following conference announcement as quick and
as far as possible.
It is also available at
where there are links to the respective events.
Frankly I think we have got an impressive program :-) .
=== 8< === 8< === 8< === 8< === 8< === 8< === 8< === 8< === 8< === 8< ===
Project Oekonux researches the economical, political and social forms of Free
Software and similar forms of production we collectively call peer production.
In Project Oekonux, different people with different reasons and different
approaches get together to build something new. A lot of participants want to
know, whether and if so, how, the peer production can serve as a basis for a
new society.
For the 4th Oekonux Conference Project Oekonux cooperates with the P2P
Foundation. The Foundation for Peer to Peer Alternatives researches, documents
and promotes P2P practices in every domain of social life. It's a global
cyber-collective and aims to be a knowledge and internetworking platform for
open/free, participatory, and commons-oriented initiatives on a global scale.
During the past decade the phenomenon of Free Software has become successful
and well-known. It is still amazing how in the realm of software the creativity
of so many volunteers leads to products which are useful for the whole mankind.
Ten years after Project Oekonux was founded the world has changed. As expected
by us the principles of the development of Free Software are spreading out to
other fields. Wikipedia and Open Access are two of the most interesting
examples among many. It is time to look at peer production from a broader
The 4th Oekonux conference
takes up this development and widens the perspective from Free Software to
other fields of peer production. Project Oekonux and P2P Foundation are proud
to welcome nearly 30 invited contributors which will share their experience,
studies and insights with us on the following topics
 * Peer production beyond Free Software
   + Free Design of material goods for less industrialized countries
   + Open Source Car
   + Free Science with Open Access
   + Open Street Map project
   + Peer production in art
   + Free Farming
   + Free Knitting
 * Aspects of Free Software
   + Free Software in Latin America
   + Innovation in Free Software
   + "Others" in the community
   + Communities and single developers
   + Women in Free Software
 * Peer production and social movements
   + The Hipatia project
   + Social movements and peer production
   + Indigenous movements and cyberspace
 * Theories on peer production
   + Patterns in peer production
   + Market and peer production based economies
   + Peer production and the concept of truth
   + Organization in peer production
 * Future of peer production
   + Current limitations of peer production
   + Money and peer production
   + Ideas for expanding peer production
   + Political scenarios for expanding peer production
Please see the program page for detailed information and some more
After the inspiration of the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Oekonux Conference we hope and
expect that in an open atmosphere critical voices as much as the enthusiasm of
the hackers of all kinds once more will merge into a creative process. We hope
and expect, that again the wide range of presentations contributed by
international participants from science and practice will lead to new insights
and broader understanding for all. We hope and expect, that as before we will
have a lot of fun :-) .
4th Oekonux Conference
March 27th-29th, 2009
University of Manchester
Please register for free
Web-Site: Organization: Contact: projekt at oekonux.de

@_date: 2009-07-16 17:10:25
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The difference between anarchism and 
Hi Michel!
Well, first it doesn't matter much to me with whom I agree or
disagree. I see all this as a processof learning and who learns
something earlier is rather irrelevant here.
Second I do not see that I do actually disagree with what you
paraphrased. When I say that money encodes scarcity then it is quite
logical that in situations where scarcity is created - may be using
limitations - then it is quite logical that money comes up as a form
to encode this scarcity. But money is of course not the only form. For
instance open force can be used to encode scarcity instead of a
structural force like money.
I don't understand what unneccessary scarcity is. If you say
unneccessary then the question is unneccessary for whom? In particular
it is not unneccessary for an exchange based system because otherwise
the exchange based system you mention would not need to protect it.
As often before the words you are using are puzzling me because IMHO
they are not precise enough creating unnecessary confusion.
Well, that is a point I thought we clarified back on [ox-en]. You have
to take into account historical conditions and in particular for money
the historical conditions changed massively with capitalism - and the
ideological tunes accompanying this move you are mentioning.
Put simply: If we think of a post-capitalist society then there is no
use in relating to pre-capitalist money. You can not turn back the
clock of history. And frankly I do not wish to turn back the clock to
a situation where pre-capitalist money makes any sense. Or would you
agree with a society dominated by Christianity?
May be. But the same goes for warlords in so-called failed states.
They also apply an alternative allocation method. I'd agree, however,
that the rule of warlords has the same use as money.
I don't think that immaterial vs. material production puts it right.
If this distinction would be true then it must apply to all
information products. But in fact there are lots and lots of
information products which are expensive to create - for instance near
distance pictures from a planet in the solar system.
The relevant question seems to me whether the necessary means of
production for a certain product are available.
To paint the right picture: You can modify an apple tree - sure. But
an apple tree stays an apple tree and if you want pork then an apple
tree doesn't help you. We had that debate in depth on [ox-en] and
there is no use in repeating it here.
I still have no idea why in hybrid situations a simple co-existance of
peer production and capitalism doesn't suffice.
As a supporter of money you should know that this is weird to say the
least. To a large degree money determines what rights you have and as
long as you want money you are not ready to change exactly this. If
you remove this feature from money it is again pointless.
And that is fine by me. Why should the next mode of production solve
the problems of the current mode of production *inside* the old mode?
If it does then fine but the real obligation for a new mode of
production is to come about and overcome the old system.
As long as most of life is based on non-peer-production you have to
have success in this system - sure. Peer production is not a facility
to solve all the problems of the world right now and I doubt that such
a magical device you seem to look for can exist.
Sorry, Michel, but this is not true. I just say that these are
separate things and you should not confuse one with the other. IMHO it
is in everyone's discretion to engage in this, that or in both. But
confusing separate things helps nobody.
Well, though you are free to seek solutions of all kinds I don't have
to (though I did quite actively for 10+ years). I'd appreciate if you
could accept my decision.

@_date: 2009-07-16 18:59:23
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The difference between anarchism and 
Hi Sm?ri!
I'll reply only to a few points. A few other I made in my reply to
Michel and yet a few others we are probably to far from each other to
get anywhere any soon.
Well, first I stopped using the term abundance because it reminds of
cockaigne which is misleading. I use instead the term ampleness. It
expresses quite well what I mean here.
Second by no way I'd say that commons and ampleness are the same. In
the contrary: You need to have political means to maintain the
commons. That is pretty obvious [1]_.
.. [1] Though political means to maintain the commons seem to be
       rejected by Michel by some reason. Michel prefers to replace
       the lack of politics by money. Or in other words: Michel
       prefers to replace conscious decisions by an abstract
       machinery.
You still don't differentiate between limitedness which for instance
need to be maintained even if they apply to a commons and scarcity.
I'll stop here.
Which in the end comes all down to dead labor (aka value) or the hope
for more dead labor (aka trust or merit).
I'm sorry but you probably never sold something to an anonymous
market. If I sell something in exchange for dead abstract labor /
money then my only interest is to get the highest price possible. This
may include a situation where I don't sell at all because I hope for
higher prices in the future [2]_.
.. [2] This is an inalienable feature of abstract exchange. It is
       rooted in the abstraction.
Whether you need the good or not does not matter to me at all. That is
the prototype of a man-made limitation: You need the good but I don't
give it to you for unless you pay the price I demand. I do this
because of abstract reasons which are completely alienated from me,
you and the product. That is exactly scarcity.
If you are claiming that everyone can create as much money as s/he
wants then everyone can pay the price infinite for every good. It is
pretty obvious that money stops making sense then.
I hope you understand what I'm saying when you read the following.
 "impossible to forge". I.e. you anticipate a
situation where someone wants to forge something and thus you
anticipate that there are people you can't trust. To prevent forgery
you have to apply force - in this case in a structural manner by
making it very hard to forge the thing. It is the same as putting a
fence around your garden.
For DRM it is perfectly the same. The music industry doesn't trust you
to use the thing in the way the music industry wants - and as you
demonstrated rightly so. Thus the music industry makes it hard to
forge the commodity you bought. It's just the same use of structural
force as in your example.
The point is that trust in anonymous societies makes sense only if in
the end you can enforce it. This is something each money system has to
take into account - regardless of how much you don't like it. In fact
the burgeois state as the monopoly of force is the ultimate force and
that is why we can put trust in the monetary system.
You are confusing a concept with the goals for which a concept might
be used.
Well, I would agree that some anarchist virtues are useful for peer
production. For instance when I say that maintainership in peer
production is basically a form of consensus (== nobody has to object)
based decision making then I'm claiming this because of my anarchist
But also I know that anarchism relies on virtues like equality [3]_,
which are void in peer production because they are overcome. So, yes,
some anarchist virtues are useful for peer production. But no they
have not been introduced there by a political program but because they
just emerged.
.. [3] Most types of anarchism at least. Anarchism is such a wide
       concept that it is hard to make general statements.
Also anarchism is a political movement while peer production is a mode
of production. A mode of production "creates" political movements when
it is necessary but it is not a political movement.

@_date: 2009-07-17 19:15:06
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Abstract exchange (was: Re: The difference between 
Hi Patrick!
Well, when I say "exchange based system" I mean a system based on
*abstract* exchange. An abstract exchange is a transaction where one
thing is exchanged for another by two independent parties [
.. [ I.e. not "generalized exchange". I think this concept does not
       help us understanding what's going on. IMHO the concept of
       "generalized exchange" is made for people who can't grasp that
       there are flows of goods without exchange mediating the flow.
The abstraction now comes from two sources. One is the independent
parties - typically two market participants - have nothing to do with
each other beyond the exchange. I.e. they are not bound by social ties
.. [ Social ties like they existed in feudal systems or they do
       exist in small groups where social ties govern even the
       exchange.
       Of course it was a major emancipatory step of capitalism to
       make these ties superfluous. In fact this emancipatory success
       is something a new society has to keep.
The second source is in the exchange itself. If two independent
parties want to exchange things then the question arises on what basis
this exchange is done. You need to have a common denominator of the
two things to make them comparable at all and for two independent
parties you have to make a comparison. However, two arbitrary things
have no concrete common denominator. Or in other words: There use
value is different. Thus they can not be compared on the basis of
their concrete features [
.. [ That is also the point why I think "concrete exchange" is not a
       concept which makes any sense. Thus IMHO it is ok to drop the
       "abstract" in abstract exchange.
So to actually do an exchange you need a quality beyond the concrete
features of the things which are going to be exchanged. This quality
is called the (exchange) value of those things. In labor based
societies this is the dead labor contained in the two things. This
dead labor is (more or less) expressed by money [
.. [ Please note that money is only an *expression* of the
       (exchange) value. That is why barter doesn't change the rules
       of the game - it only makes things more complicated.
The nice thing about money is that - if it shall make sense at all -
it is power: With more money you can buy more things. Or to put it in
terms of rights as Michel seemingly prefers: More money gives you more
rights (to make use of dead labor of others) [
.. [ Obviously a situation where everyone can create as much power
       as s/he likes at any time makes power a useless concept.
Because of these two abstractions the actual exchange is only loosely
bound to both the concrete features of the thing and the exchanging
parties. Together with the power money gives you this leads to a
situation where you have a strong incentive to get the highest
possible price for your good. This is the incentive profit is based
on. And profit is - as you can easily conclude - the backing of
interest [
.. [ As you may note you need absolutely no state for these simple
       conclusions given you understand the dynamics of abstract
       exchange.
       The state comes in after these abstractions are well
       established. In particular the state guarantees by its power
       monopoly that not everyone can create as much power / money as
       s/he wants and thus keeps money making sense.
One common way trying to break the abstractions is to make the parties
dependent on each other. Or in other words: to create social ties. If
I got you right this is the approach you are favoring, Patrick. I
simply think this doesn't work in societies of our size and given the
global interconnections between flows of goods [ Humans are not
made for social ties which bind the population of a whole planet.
.. [ Apart from that this has been tried not only in various
       alternative projects but also in former Yugoslavia. Neither of
       these examples were appealing enough to change things on a
       large scale.
       At the very least someone who favors such models needs to
       explain why these examples failed and how her model improves on
       these examples.
The other common way trying to break the abstractions is that you try
to define (exchange) value differently leading to the most confusing
concepts of value. IMHO this can only work if the basis of the society
is no longer (abstract) labor [ But if this basis is removed I
wonder what abstract exchange is good for at all.
.. [ Abstract labor is a situation where the thing you want to
       exchange is your labor power.
       In this example you can easily see how the abstractions work:
       It doesn't matter for whom you labor (independence of parties)
       and it doesn't matter what your labor actually is (abstraction
       from the thing). Especially the latter abstraction is the
       opposite of emancipation.
In fact I think the abstraction needed to make the abstract exchange
take place at all is really impossible to overcome by any means. Even
if the abstraction is based on something different than labor you
still have the incentive to maximize profit - where some forms of are
fought so fiercely in this community while others are simply accepted
as given...
If we think of emancipation - and that is what drives me here - then
the only change is to overcome abstract exchange altogether. The only
solution for this I can see is to have a flow of goods in a
generalized commons. And peer production is an important step in this

@_date: 2009-06-10 17:14:33
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more [named above] propaganda 
Hi Michel!
I wrote this response earlier but seemingly did not send it to
[p2p-research] by accident :-( .
Of course I respect your choice.
May be it is possible to think about a new perspective, also. More and
more I think there are grave misunderstandings - though there are also
some political differences.
Very much appreciated.
This is the most important reason for my mail. See this quote (times
are from my original post to [ox-en]):
  Well, I'm really sorry for this but I really noticed this perception
  only when you said it here. Then I immediately pointed out why I
  used this term and that I have no better alternative.
  As you probably can imagine because of the high traffic on [ox-en] -
  where this all occured - I have a big backlog and I just did not see
  such comments yet. For instance the quote above being nearly four
  weeks old I read five minutes ago.
  Looking back the only sign I saw was your question whether "software
  trickery" would be adequate - which I simply answered as a question.
I even changed it in the subject line (and that was me for whom
subject lines are holy and only well-defined operations are allowed on
subject lines...).
Again this whole conflict seems sooo unnecessary...

@_date: 2009-06-16 22:10:42
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The difference between anarchism and 
Hi Sm??ri!
Indeed this was necessary. Your rant started out nicely but IMHO ended
I agree with your description. But I expected that you describe an
anarchist alternative to libertarians instead of changing to their
Or in my words: The abstract system is more important than the humans.
Exactly what we have in capitalism...
Well, I'd go one step further: Money *encodes* scarcity (where
scarcity means a man-made limitation). If you want to end up at
commons (i.e. absense of scarcity) you have simply no more use for
Yes. If it encodes scarcity it can not encode non-scarcity.
Well, the "tragedy" of the commons is of course capitalist propaganda.
This is pretty obvious. It was not a tragedy but the appropriation at
the beginning of an era.
Here your analysis starts to get wrong. Interest does not create a
situation in the monetary system but is created by a monetary system.
But then: What do we need money for at all?
And merit is of course scarce. So you are introducing a new scarcity
in the attempt to remove scarcity. This makes no sense. But it
reflects how much your thinking is still bound to a scarcity based
system. I wholeheartedly suggest that you just look at peer
production. Scarcity is no part of peer production. And thus money is
not missing.
By using computers you move the authorities into the machine. Code is
law - already forgotten? You can not remove authorities by moving them
into a computer program.
What I never understood: When I can create as much money as I want -
which above is already impossible by the merit thing - for what do I
need money then at all?
Money is either scarce or it makes no sense. It follows that if you
want to overcome scarcity money makes no sense.
You are moving the policemen into the computer. Probably you also like
DRM methods - they are doing the same.
I'm sorry, but morality was always the same largely. So there is no
change here.
Well, when I look at the rate with which monetary systems are proposed
I can not really see that the monetary system is weak. In the
contrary: At the point in history where money really becomes
superfluos people are so shocked by this vision that they do
*everything* to save their old certainties. Sorry, but this is too
conservative for me.
And money is not the future. Under these conditions it just makes no
No. Anarchism is a concept related to capitalism. For instance
equality is a fundamental value in capitalist societies. Equality is a
concept to deal with scarcity and limitations. The future is peer
production. Equality will simply be no topic any more in peer
I can only appeal to all of you that you open your eyes and really
*watch* these things which happen all around us. And open you mind and
overcome this outdated thinking in money / scarcity categories.

@_date: 2009-05-12 20:56:57
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
Hi Michel!
Please stop the mud campaign against me. IMHO you really don't need
I still value you and your work and I say this all the time and in
public. I do not share all of your views but that is ok with me. If
sharing all your views is a precondition for you then I'd be glad if
you can state this clearly because then there is really no common
ground. However, in the past I experienced it differently.
Well, the discussion starting at
was absolutely not about this. I'm sorry to recognize that seemingly
everything I say in this regard really doesn't reach you.
There was no demeaning. For everyone interested in the reasons why
money trickery should no longer take place on [ox-en] please see posts
In fact on this list here there is a fertile ground for this stuff and
the world looses absolutely nothing if Oekonux focuses solely on peer
production - which is only a small part of what P2P in the sense of
Michel covers. In the contrary I'd such a separation on topics is good
and healthy because then everyone can choose the options matching
their personal interest best.
Everybody who is interested in a focused, thoughtful and open
discussion on peer production with a scientific approach is
wholeheartedly welcome on [ox-en]. See
for subscription hints.
I resent that you post details from private conversation here - and
then in such a distorted form. IMHO you really don't need this.
In fact I said that I would have problems with being responsible for
certain content and asked whether this can be omitted because of this.
If not then I can not be responsible and that is perfectly ok with me.
This has nothing to do with free debate and you know this very well.
In fact I think P2P Foundation and Oekonux has far more in common than
what divides us. I understand that you are really upset now. I'm sorry
for this but there is probably not much I can do about it.
However, I think there will be times when cooperation will be easier
again and I look forward to these times.
In any case I would like to ask you to stop telling lies about me.

@_date: 2009-05-13 18:56:34
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
Hi Michel!
         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I think I have to believe you. So ok, you did not lie. But please
believe me that your knowledge is very limited here. I'll use this
mail to outline this in this community because probably not all
followed [ox-en].
I used the term "money trickery" because IMHO it describes the nature
of what you are relating to very well. I have no better term for this
since IMHO the term "monetary reform" is already part of the problem.
If that is all you have a problem with then I'm sorry and grateful for
a matching but neutral term you can accept.
No. In fact I said
  > If you would be able
  > to omit this topic [named above] altogether I really would be grateful because this
  > to me is really a showstopper.
I think all the victims of dictators would be glad if their dictator
would have talked to them so friendly.
If someone states that you can keep money and get interest for it at
the same time then it is absolutely obvious that this is wrong. The
money in my pocket does not raise any interest neither does the money
under my cushion. Only if I do *not* keep my money but give it away
then I can get interest for it.
If then someone continues to state obvious nonsense like this then I
reserve the right to call *this statement* propaganda / esotericism,
yes. As a maintainer of the Oekonux project in Oekonux it is even my
And no the keeping-money-and-getting-interest is not a unimportant
detail in this debate. It is rather all or nothing. But since you
probably did not understand all the other stuff it is really pointless
to go on.
Anyway I have far more important things to do than to discuss this
topic any longer. I said what I think is necessary and you either take
it or leave it. I can take your position though it is probably harder
for me than for you to do the same vice versa. I can live with this
difference and you may want to try to see it similarly.
I once said that especially the criticism on interest is in danger in
inviting interpretations you probably don't want - especially
anti-semitic ones. I did this in a case where the criticism on
interest was accompanied by Nazi rhetoric - and I never did before. In
fact there is lots of historical evidence to this and I think during
the financial crisis it is easy to see how easy this connection can be
You scandalized this and still label this as tactics. I don't think
such scandalization is useful in such a debate and to label this as
tactics is really mean. But I believe you really did not understand
the whole point.
BTW: I never was an Anti-Deutscher and did not like them at all.
Nonetheless there are important insights on the structure of
anti-semitism in this debate. Among them is - AFAICS - that racism is
different from anti-semitism - which you equated recently. As Andreas
said: in the country of those who did the atrocities the Left is
probably a bit more sensible about these topics.
Well, see above. I now gave my perspective on things also in this
community and (I hope) this is my final word on the topic of [named
That is wrong. You unsubscribed from [ox-en] while I stayed here.
Feel free.
I am.
I don't think we are very similar. I like you as a friend but I think
we are quite different in many respects. At least this is my way to
explain to myself why it is so hard to agree on this topic of [named
above]. But that I see as a challenge and grounds for a fruitful
cooperation - which IMHO we already had and I enjoyed.
See above.
Well, I think in the recent debate on [ox-en] it became really clear
that exchange in general is opposed to openness and thus the [named
above] stuff at the very least does not support peer production.
So to me there is no relation. Since I'm interested in peer production
(i.e. open and based on Selbstentfaltung), its embedding in existing
societies and expansion of peer production to create a society based
on it to me discussing exchange based systems as something you can
hope for is a waste of time.
Michel, this is really childish. You have so many interesting things
to say beyond the [named above].
Fine with me. You know where you find me. I'll wait.

@_date: 2009-05-15 18:35:40
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
Hi Michel!
Michel, you rather quickly forget what you say:
  The political issue is the following: interest breeds accumulation,
  since it becomes interesting to keep your money,
                               ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  -- I'm glad that you needed only a week to learn that you are wrong on
this and meanwhile yourself say this is stupid.
Apart from this I would *really* appreciate if you could stop making a
difference in one question a power play. I don't have an issue with
you on power relations. If you have one with me then I'd invite you to
sort this out by private mail.

@_date: 2009-05-18 12:19:13
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
Hi Michel!
Now I am really upset!
I find it ludicrous that *you* ask *me* to use my brain. Obviously you
stated nonsense and now *I* shall use my brain? COME ON!!!
If you give money to the bank then you do **NOT** keep it. This very
sentence you wrote just makes no sense. It's nonsense again. And it's
propaganda again because it is only said this way to invoke a feeling
of injustice in simple-minded people. It hides facts to make a certain
ideology look more logical and "just". It may not be your intention -
and frankly I hope it is not your intention. But it is the intention
of those you have this propaganda from.
If you give your money to the bank in fact you may get your money back
*under certain conditions* being part of a contract. If you are in bad
luck you may even not get it back at all, however - as people learned
during the latest financial crisis once again.
If I *keep* my money there is no such risk. I just keep it.
It is very easy to see that there is a major difference here. In fact
it is the difference between a pre-capitalist fortune keeper - who
really keeps her fortune - and a capitalist - who applies her fortune
by giving it to others to make profit.
Sorry, it was *your* claim that keeping money raises interest. If this
would be true then I can keep it under my cushion with the same
effect. I'm just taking your statements serious.
Taking statements serious is a simple necessity in a scientific
approach. To think about what a statement actually means is a very
simple test of an assumption against reality. It is basic scientific
work - by which you are obviously shocked.
I have no conflict with you. To me all this feels very much like
shadow boxing on your side.
I'm really sorry Michel, but that it all but ridiculous. The question
whether you can keep your money or need to give it to someone else -
usually mediated by a bank but also in the form of shares - to get
interest is the all-or-nothing question here.
You are free to correct your statements so they make sense and - at
best - match the observable reality. It would be far better than to
leave the community just because someone says you are preaching
Frankly I'm curious how long it will take that you at least agree that
you can *not keep* your money and get interest for it. In science that
would be simply to recognize the observable reality and modify your
basic assumption according to it. As you wrote above you are still not
ready to modify your basic assumption - though you are now replacing
your basic assumption with sentences which are inherently
With a scientific approach the next step would be to question what
happens with the money you just gave to others. That would be the
research step. And it would be easy because it is well-known that
banks give money to capitalists in the form of credit. In turn the
capitalists then apply it to labor force and machinery to produce
products they can sell for a higher price than they had themselves for
the input. The logical conclusion is that interest is a share of the
profit of a capitalist. The amount of interest is directly coupled to
the amount of expected profit and the risk involved to actually make
this profit [1]_. In other words: What you are trying to accomplish
with your [named above] stuff is what actually happens in capitalism
all the time. It's in fact the very core of capitalism.
.. [1] Of course in a fully expanded exchange system at the end of its
       life cycle like contemporary capitalism it is a bit more
       difficult. It's a interesting task to research that. But the
       general principle stays.
I, Christian and others explained all that over and over again and it
is really not hard to understand. In fact it needs no theory at all.
It's all observable reality. But you constantly ignore this. Feel
free. But don't be shocked if others call this nonsense or - when
combined with an attempt to evoke certain feelings in simple-minded
persons - even propaganda.

@_date: 2009-05-19 21:24:04
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
Hi Patrick and all!
Thanks for putting it this way.
BTW: I never said that there aren't injustices in contemporary
exchange systems. Of course there are (though today I leave this topic
to other people since I'm too busy with concepts for the next society
being based on peer production).
I for one prefer peer production with external openness because this
makes the concept of justice uninteresting. Justice is needed to
maintain / distribute scarcity or limitations.
True. But that is exactly the point why I need Oekonux and not some
pub talk. Common language hides many interesting things. It is fine
for day-to-day operation but it is not useful for an in-depth inquiry
which is what is actually needed to understand all these phenomenons.
To be radical, to get at the roots of things you need to be exact,
however. Or at least try to be as exact as possible. At the very least
you should try to define the words you are using.
I agree it is a struggle to get there. But IMHO it's worthwhile the
effort and should be done in an open-minded - which means: to be ready
to learn new things - fashion.

@_date: 2009-05-22 19:14:39
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
Hi Athina!
As I said: I am not a stakeholder in this debate because my questions
are answered since long. Nonetheless I took the effort to Google a bit
for you.
Since Michel now openly refers to Silvio Gesell I tried Googling for
"Gesell Marx" "Gesell critique" and "Gesell criticism" but it seems
that the whole critical discussion is more or less completely in
German :-( .
However, I found a text from Norbert Trenkle at
explaining the financial crisis. I only read the German original
written im May 2008 - when financial crisis was young. Those of you
who are shocked by warnings of grave dangers can savely skip a few
warnings of antisemitic dangers - they are not necessary if you are
only interested in understanding the crisis.
In fact on this level of abstraction I think the article says all what
is necessary. Unfortunately the very good material from the Krisis
group explaining contemporary capitalism very well is mostly available
in German. If you can read German try
Apart from that I recently saw (parts of) a nice BBC documentation of
the book "The Ascent of Money" by Niall Ferguson (try Google - though
the videos seem to have vanished :-( ). In a way it is a nice add-on
to the text from Norbert Trenkle because the latter episodes deal with
concrete political decisions which blew up the financial bubble for
the past 30+ years.

@_date: 2009-05-22 20:21:03
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] leaving this list 
BTW: I'm not really reading this list. The traffic and the noise level
is *far* too high for my limited time. I just skim through the
subjects but given the bad manners on this list setting correct
subjects this is also more or less pointless. I'm saying this just in
case someone tries to address me via this list.

@_date: 2009-05-29 20:22:07
@_author: Stefan Merten 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
Hi Michel!
 Certainly not. Once again I feel completely misunderstood.
I took a few days to think about how to proceed with what you perceive
as a conflict. I did not respond to many of your strange accusations
against me - though they of course hurt. Instead I sent a lot of
signals of friendship. I offered you my hand several times but
seemingly I was not really successful. I'm still ready to resolve this
conflict because I think it is utmost silly and unnecessary. And I
think the people on this planet are worth it that we resolve this
In any case I don't think it makes any sense to continue this in
public. Therefore I want to invite you to resolve this conflict in a
more personal setting. If you like we can try to find mediators
helping us though personally I do not feel the need for this. You know
my email address - now it is up to you.
