
@_date: 2008-04-26 00:50:41
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] from a us intelligence briefing 
I think this author's cause and effect is weak, and he is blind to the root
issue.  I submit that, actually, as women in a country are empowered
(education, health care, rights, jobs) the birthrate goes down.  We see the
religious trend because in "traditional religious society" women are not
empowered.  When they are empowered, they enter the workforce.  This may be
an oversimplification, but I think it makes far more sense then the case
As a case in point, Grameen Bank targets poor women almost exclusively with
its microcredit loans and many other programs, and not too surprisingly,
this empowerment has lowered the birthrate in Bangladesh, at least,
according to Yunus.
The classic captialist assumptions being made in this article need to be
challenged.  Do we need continual growth of our current system?  Is having a
stable population "stagnation?"  Can we create a economy that benefits all
without requiring increasing consumption of physical resources?  Can
countries and people think outside their borders to the need to empower the
people--particularly the women--of these "breeding" nations?  I'm reminded
of the quote from Vonnegut's _Bluebeard_: "The whole point of war is to put
women in that condition.  It's always men against women, with the men only
pretending to fight among themselves."
I think we have the technology to cope with shrinking birthrates, but do we
have the democracy and equity to apply it?  Not yet.

@_date: 2008-12-05 00:51:15
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] query on Money Publications? 
Thank you for organizing your thoughts on the p2pf wiki in a way which
makes it quick to identify some of the assumptions, and really helps
show the rationale behind it all :) If you hadn't, this email wouldn't
be going out.  Quickly, I'd like to challenge a few of these
assumptions, starting (and ending, in this email) with your axioms:
1. Money is a carrier of both power and information, and as such it
transfers both power and information in every transaction.
"Money" can mean a lot of things, which must not be confused.  I'll
stick with credit and fiat.  In both those cases, money is
information.  In the case of a dollar bill, you could say it is
carrying information, but when it comes to most USD we're talking
about binary bits.  These binary bits describe a relationship between
two entities.  Money is really a relationship.  It's not actually
trust (just ask Michael Linton  ), but it is
a relationship, and the most fundamental unit is always information
manifested in some substance, but it a bill or a bit.
If an authority controls the money supply, it is that authority that
is the carrier of power.  Authority that can require a money to be
"legal tender," and enforce it.  One must look at not only the
explicit authority, but the transactional infrastructure (VISA for
example).  In the case of a local currency that's not legal tender, I
am not required to use it, or accept it.  The power is held in the
relationships between users, money does not transfer it.
2. Most people agree on what's good for society, e.g. less toxins in
food, more generosity, less selfishness, etc
All people are overloaded with information.  In short, information
asymmetry is inherent in human interaction, and is a fundamental
factor in economic transactions.  People are ok at agreeing on
something obvious being a problem, but they're not very good at
identifying root causes, and they're particularly bad at coming up
with solutions.  We shouldn't feel bad about this: it's really hard.
I don't think this is really a usable or workable axiom.
3. Enough people will exercise socially conscious judgment when given
the opportunity.
I think this axiom doesn't work at all.  What is the "opportunity?"
How would we define a "socially-conscious judgment?"  Does it have to
actually lead to a mutually-beneficial decision, or just somehow be
aware of others in some way? Rather than an axiom, I think this should
be flipped into a question: at this time, what is the best situation
that enables the best opportunity for beneficial decision-making?  The
work that is most enlightening in this realm Elinor Ostrom et al's
work on common pool resource governance, and mechanism design theory
(Maskin and others) as the game theory attempt to answer this
4. In the peer-production-based economy (or P2P economy) of the
future, it is natural (as well as ideal) for everyone to be a
seller/producer, a buyer/consumer, a lender, a borrower, and a creator
of money, all at the same time. In other words, all roles within the
future P2P economy may be carried out by all peers.
The core concept of money (as credit or fiat) IS this, it is not
unique to a peer-production economy.  This seems an appropriate axiom
for a democratic and equitable monetary system.
In short, I do not think these meet the standard for "axioms" in
traditional logic.  I'm not trying to be pedantic with this, I think
that in designing better systems, we must start with postulates that
are "grounded" in science, and many "truths" that seem obvious to
people are actually incorrect assumptions.  In this case, there's
already a lot of work done we can draw on to frame a critique.
I apologize for not covering more, but I think this gets a critique
started, challenges some assumptions, and gives you some possible
leads, if you had not found them already.  I skimmed background work
you've done, and I saw Chris Cook responded, but I did not see
responses from Michael Linton or Thomas Greco, who I believe are both
on the p2pf Ning.
In closing, consider that this: "adding meaning to each transaction to
bring money flows in sync with people's conscious values" is what the
free market is supposed to allow, and most efficiently.  The problem
with that, once again, is information asymmetry.
Good luck,

@_date: 2008-12-23 19:42:28
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: P2P Energy Economy: request for critical 
A lot of centralization is economically inevitable, driven by the
combination of economies of scale and cities that develop as hubs of
commerce, neither of which are capitalism-dependent.  Those basic
trends are not effects (certainly not perverse ones!) of capitalism
per se.  (Interesting aside: Paul Krugman recently won the nobel prize
in economics for providing a deeper understanding of these mechanisms
in economic geography.)  That said, within those trends are particular
permutations resulting from how our governments define, for example,
land property rights, and their related taxation.  Some of these
permutations certainly qualify, at least in my mind, as perverse.
If we look at what current technology makes possible that was
impossible before, we can see where some of the factors are changing,
such as economies of scale within evolving organizational models.
This may change the trends, leading to less centralization in some
areas/industries, but that's not because centralization was a mistake
in the first place.  Again, this is contrasted to legal constructs
such as land property rights.  I hope I've drawn a clear
A worthwhile simulation reduces the extraneous variables in its
virtual world.  That's really hard.  Obviously, players in a game play
different depending on the game, and the usefulness of the simulation
is determined by the accuracy of it in predicting real-world behavior.
 Two examples of this, different in their failings to accurately model
human behavior, come immediately to mind: John Nash's equilibria and
Edward Chamberlin's "falsification" of the standard neoclassical model
of a perfect-competition market.  If one were to make policy in view
of such findings (and in Nash's case a lot of people most certainly
did), one might end up with quite a mess.
It seems like centralization has become a de facto badguy
(decentralization being the hero), much like globalization.  In the
words of Chomsky, "Many words of political discourse have two
meanings: a literal meaning, and a doctrinal meaning that is used for
political warfare. The term 'globalization' is no exception."
I leave you with a couple questions about the following:
What approach are you speaking of?  What models are you looking for /
talking about?

@_date: 2008-12-29 21:50:53
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The Case for Energy As P2P Currency 
The different perspectives on "peer production" (Bauwens, Benkler,
Shirky), which generally do not include the exchange of goods and
services, aka the realm of markets.  I say "generally" because I think
there's a lot of fuzziness.
In the body of economic theory, the flow of energy through "nodes" of
agents in the economy is built into the cost in some way.  Where
theories place it--and what they term it--varies (e.g. cost of
production, full-cost pricing, etc).  As a basic example, food, which
usually exists because of some energy input from the sun into some
substance here on Earth, powers human labor.  Food can also be
combusted to generate mechanical labor, which could also be used to
generate electricity. Where ever we look in human living, there are
supplies (products/substances that have energy in the cost) and
The free market, in theory, is the closest we've come to solving the
supply and demand issue: under the right conditions the market tends
toward pareto optimality or better; exchange chases market equilibrium
(I assume that's what you mean by "unity").  However, as Yogi Berra
says, "In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice.
But, in practice, there is."  It turns out that there are classes of
markets that humans find market equilibrium in easily and naturally
(even with imperfect information!), and ones they do not: they're not
so good at asset markets, such as the stock market.  This opens an
area of continuing debate between theory and reality, which is huge,
and outside this email.
The problems of information asymmetries and
externalities--essentially, the absences of pieces of information that
are needed for good decision-making--are present in the modern day
economy, just as they are present in your proposal.  These factors
make sustainability hard.  However, it's no easier in either your
proposal or the modern day economy.  You've essentially found that, no
matter how you shuffle the backing of the units of exchange, the same
problems pop right back up.  If you don't see that as a big problem
yet, you eventually will.
A common solution is calling for "regulation."  However, this doesn't
solve the problem, it just gives it a name and puts in into the hands
of an authority.  Each component piece of regulation--with the overall
goal of resource management, as identified by people such as Elinor
Ostrom, and others in the field of common pool resources--has a
practical cost.  A quick list (from Ostrom, via Wikipedia, edited a
# Clearly defined boundaries
# Congruence between appropriation and provision rules and local conditions
# Collective-choice arrangements allowing for the participation of
most of the appropriators in the decision-making process
# Effective monitoring by monitors who are part of, or accountable to,
the appropriators
# Graduated sanctions for appropriators who do not respect rules
# Conflict-resolution mechanisms
# Recognition of the rights of agents to organize
You've touched on the sustainability problem in your subsection on
"Anti-Dumping and Anti-Monopoly Caps for Energy Production," but not
covered the real costs of management--the hard problems--as mentioned
above.  They are not insurmountable, but they are more mountain than
Some % of the population will be probing for ways to game any system,
but the advantages of a free market system--depending on the class of
market--is that people close in on equilibrium by interacting as
humans normally do.  They don't realize they are reaching equilibrium,
but they are.  Vernon Smith, in particular, has contributed to a rich
body of literature exploring this in experiments.  Smith was also
consulted for energy markets in New Zealand and Australia, too, so you
might find his perspective on electric power markets useful.
The point of my original critique was to question some of your
proposal's basic assumptions, leading to further exploration of
concepts you might feel you'd already covered sufficiently.  In short,
I'm again suggesting that you are rediscovering economic problems
discussed in depth in the body of economic thought, but not
recognizing that they are the same because the language is different
(even between schools of thought within economics!).  I say this from
my own personal experience in building a unified understanding of
these and related issues, which was (and is) often frustrating,
sometimes humbling, frequently exhausting, and always fascinating.
In closing, I would like to bring up this question:
What is the problem we wish to solve when we try to construct a
rational economic order?  For your consideration, Hayek's exploration
of this question:

@_date: 2008-02-16 16:10:08
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] why social advertising doesn't work 
I've written what is basically a reply to this here:
I swear, it's the elephant in the room.  I like elephants.

@_date: 2008-02-19 19:54:02
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: arguments against applying open/free to 
Marco, please see below.  It is a short and concise refutation of the basis
of your argument.  A few comments first.  I think some of your "myths" are
themselves myths.  Also, I see mention of donation.  Donation is the weakest
service model, but it's not the only one.  In fact, morals and laws aside,
when someone can copy a work, yet pays the artist anyway, they're actually
using a donation model.  What works for Sam may no work for someone else,
and that's fine.  That doesn't mean information is property.  The need,
then, is to create additional service models--not product/goods models
(copyright).  "Killing" copyright will happen as these models are created
within a network that allows optimal value exchange between users and
creators, assuming the users and creators have control of the information
and transmission commons to they can keep it fair and open.  In this way,
copyright will be made obsolete.
There are at least two other nitpicks from your email, though:
1. Controlling use of nonrival goods is not natural in any sense of the
word.  They are nonrival goods, controlling them is artificial and should
only be done with good reason (that reason is the basis of the incentive
argument).  That laws have to be made to enforce a monopoly, and that those
laws can't be enforced without major restrictions of freedom, is a sign the
concept of information as property of the owner is bogus.
2. You say "But if this is the _only_ way to survive for an artist, if an
cannot be just an artist full time, with as little powerful patrons
and intermediaries as possible... it isn't a good thing for society as
a whole, we haven't progressed all that much since the middle ages"
This assumes the artists are all of sufficient value to society to earn a
livelihood.  The "dream" of everyone who wants to be an artist being one
full time IS a dream, as it is not grounded in reality.  You address this as
"Myth  but then answer it with your own myth.  An artist must create
value for others, not just him or herself, to be a value to society.  For
the occupation to be a livelihood, the value must be significant to everyone
else.  Otherwise, they are not carrying their weight; you cannot
legitimately dismiss that concept as being like the "middle ages."  The
problem we have today is that value taken is not proportionate to value
compensated for, but copyright law does little for that, it mostly feeds the
middlemen who are not creating value at all.  Nonrival creation is a
service.  Service markets have rules that are different from markets of
goods.  The compensation models we use right now are very poor, and that's
the main problem.  The deeper we muddy ourselves with trying to make
"intellectual property" work, the more time and public good is wasted.  We
need to build networks that are "lean middlemen" instead.  This has to be
done by peers, and cannot not be done by laws and regulations; Lawrence
Lessig himself could tell you this, and that's why he switched from fighting
with copyright to going after corruption.  Laws and regulations favor the
middlemen who add no value, not the artists or users.  One of those three
has the most influence over law, and it's not the users or the artists.
Analysis of the Socioeconomic Argument for Restriction: Invaliding the
Incentive Argument
The restriction of information is at best inefficient, and at worst, a form
of coercive power. In all cases such restriction negatively impacts the
public good. The only good reason to create a restriction, legally, would be
because of some other factor affecting the public good. In this case, the
concern of creator incentive. The origin of copyright and patent, Article I,
Section 8, Clause 8 of the US Constitution, addresses this economic concern,
attempting to maximize public good by balancing the benefit of creator
incentive and the resulting higher output (quantity and/or quality) of works
with the detriment of restricting distribution among the public.
Today we can question, and I believe invalidate, the very basis of the
incentive argument, for three main reasons:
   1. Distribution of information--nonrival goods--is continually
   approaching zero cost. Attempting to raise the cost of distribution
   (artificially, particularly through the fallacy of "property") fights
   against this technological reality, requiring restriction of technology
   through stifling technological innovation and restricting individual
   freedom. *This is the "losing battle" reason.*
   2. The benefit of the the works created by the incentive must be
   greater than the societal detriment the restrictions cause. As distribution
   costs become trivial, the amount of detriment caused by reducing cumulative
   knowledge production increases rapidly. The benefit cannot outweigh the
   stunting of growth. *This is the "stifles progress (of science and the
   useful arts)" reason.*
   3. Technology currently provides, and will continue to provide and
   improve upon, methods of direct compensation, means of creation,
   decentralized risk-sharing. Technology enables direct exchange of value
   between parties. Technology increases availability of means of production
   (from digital media to fabrication using design information). Technology
   enables a near-zero middlemen cost (distribution and risk cost) between
   users and creators, enabling risk to be efficiently spread widely and in
   small amounts. *This is the "service model" reason.*

@_date: 2008-03-06 18:53:30
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
NatCap is very naive, to the point where it's simply wrong, in my opinion.
The solutions aren't really solutions, they're just improvements on top of a
rotten model.  That doesn't mean the solutions wouldn't be good, but it does
mean they wouldn't solve the root problem.  I do want to add that some of
the solutions ARE pretty silly: the stuff on the hypercars alone, for
instance, is really quite ridiculous.  But, they're dreamers.  Rather than
digging into the systemic problem, NapCap tries to convince that the
solution is already in the wing, but it's simply not believable.  I asked
others who read it what they thought too, including some economists, energy
buffs, and generally smart people.  Their impressions were similar: it just
doesn't hold up.
Btw, I think Paul Hawken is guilty of similar wishful thinking in Blessed
Unrest, as if the presence of all these organizations and people means there
is A global movement rather than just... global movement.  Can't blame him
for wanting it to be, I think we all want it to be.
Muhammad Yunus, in his newest book, strikes straight to the heart of the
socioeconomic matter: the problem of profit-driven business.  This is the
same problem Chris Cook, Patrick, and myself all identified in our analysis
as well.  His solution is also aligned: the "social business," aka my
businesstrust, aka Chris Cook's open corporate partnership.  Yunus' take on
why profit-driven businesses aren't feasible for real public good is concise
and accurate.  If you get a chance, please check it out, but if not, his
thoughts will be included with my "synthesis" of the models.  I put that in
quotes because, in reality, they're describing the same systems with little
variance.  This is why in my first conversation with Cook he told me
casually 'it's an emergent phenomenon.'
The for-profit business model selects for rent-seeking, collusion, and
monopoly.  Everything that's happened in the US and world makes perfect
sense if you look at the selective pressures.  Hindsight's 20/20 and all
Sorry, I only have a hardcopy of Yunus' book, otherwise I'd send you a pdf
or copy the text.

@_date: 2008-03-09 21:34:23
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
I'm not sure which behaviors you're referring to.  If you mean establishing
vested commons, then I'd say that it doesn't just correlate, it directly
increases freedom.  If you mean something else, which I think you may, I'm
afraid I don't know what it is.
I have two main problems with the concept of the hypercar presented by
Lovins: the claims he makes, and the root problems that he doesn't offer
real solutions to (consumerism, space taken, and injury: he tries to hit on
them in the end).  Granted, it's all speculation anyway, but that
speculation hasn't panned out in the 9 years since it was published.  RMI's
page on the hypercar hasn't changed at all, and they've changed the focus of
Hypercar, Inc (now Fiberforge) to composite materials.  That's probably a
really good thing, because they might be able to make some solid inroads
there.  However, this lack of progress speaks volumes to how hard making new
vehicles is.
I'm not sure how I would misunderstand what the stuff was about, since
Lovins is pretty explicit in what he's talking about (aerodynamic, strong,
safe, cheap), just not how it's feasible (safe because it's light... huh?).
Also I think Lovins' solution doesn't address the real problems anyway, so
me providing a better solution in what I see as their non-solution context
would be moot.  As for my "real" solutions to the big problems, they're
already out there, I've just integrated into a particular vision of them,
and that's what I'm working on making presentable.  In my opinion, the
hexayurt project, OSE, and other purpose-based, results-visible, consumer-up
projects are already undermining the industrial-consumption mindset that the
book tiptoes around without truly addressing.  In other words, I think your
work shows you're more clued into the "big solution" than the authors of the
I'm sorry I cannot follow through much more about it right now, but I
suppose it doesn't need to go to the entire group either.  You asked what we
thought, and I told you what I thought. ;)  For both disclosure and what
it's worth (maybe not much), I currently work for a large vehicle

@_date: 2008-03-10 23:33:17
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Capital Club 
What is your connection to RMI and the trucking industry, if any?  If you
believe the odds are good, what are you basing that on?  You somehow picked
one industry I actually know about, since I'm in it.
I do catch an RMI news story or a blog post now and then, and I haven't seen
anything remarkable in our industry's area.  I am not unfamiliar with
Wal-mart and their varied fleet (they buy plenty of our trucks).  I'm not
going to say much about it (nor am I supposed to), but a little general
info...  I am not sure how you are interpreting "redesign," but I think the
word is misleading.  Big customers do have sway over options, but they are
still buying base truck models; the technologies available as cab options to
improve fuel efficiency have been, and are, ongoing efforts by many
manufacturers, not RMI.  Every big fleet wants to cut costs.  Auxiliary
generators, for example,  are nothing new.  The places to shave fuel use and
improve efficiency are not big secrets.  This is an industry where
increasing fuel economy by 3% is a big deal.  As for trailer improvements
(particularly attempting side skirts), it's a hard problem.  I wish them
luck in their efforts; it's always good to get some fresh perspectives in
If RMI is not providing much information on their sites, not sure how I
would keep closer tabs on them without contacting them personally.  I'm also
not sure what I should keep up to date with: I count 4 press releases in
2007, and 3 newsletters.
As for composites, I wasn't pointing a finger at them saying they weren't
safe.  My point is, Lovins writes little to nothing about safety.  There are
many issues: aerodynamic concerns are complex (cars cannot just be built
like planes), smaller cars have little in the way of crumple zones, etc.  To
be fair, no one's saying they have to be small or really aerodynamic, but
then, that is where the huge efficiency claims have to contend with
Getting back on economic topic: that's not a fair summary at all.  I think
there's plenty of merit in designing better, more efficient vehicles;
however, I do not think there's any merit in producing them in great
quantity and driving their consumption on the scale (likely, far larger) we
have done previously, or do today.  Making them more efficient simply won't
help the consumption problem.  It's simply moralistic consumerism:
attempting to make people feel good (or less guilty) about
hyperconsumption.  One only needs imagine driving in the Los Angeles area
with 100% hypercars.  Less smog, and that's pretty much it.  I don't have a
problem with research, but I do have a problem with claiming it's a step to
solving a problem it doesn't even address.
My point was that the projects (hexayurt, OSE) address real needs rather
than mass production and profit-driven consumption of waste that actually
increases wealth disparity and empowers no one.
Do you see where I'm coming from now?  I'm not trying to demonize Lovins, he
seems like a good, smart guy, but I do think he enthusiastically counts his
chicks before they hatch in NatCap, and that it was, overall, a shallow
book.  I may be critical, but at least I'm honest about why.  I have nothing
against Lovins, or you for liking the book.  I also, btw, have nothing
against Hawken, or RMI.

@_date: 2009-04-18 23:49:11
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Resilience and scale invariance 
The alternative currency movement does not necessarily pay that much
attention to economics, and practically no one in any walk of life
pays attention to behavioral economics--its implications are very
counter-intuitive and often undermine established methods of doing
things.  I assume if you're a fan of Taleb then you're also familiar
with Daniel Kahneman, Richard Thaler, et al.  I've mentioned them
before in emails, but I don't think you were part of the list back
then.  I wish I had more time to write about it, but most of the
research is quite accessible.
I would also strongly recommend reading some of his studies with N Mazar:
They not only test people in various scenarios, they then test
people's ability to predict the experimental subjects' performance.
Turns out, we don't do what we think we do.
If you want to puzzle your mind yet more, consider the explorations here:
Good luck,

@_date: 2009-04-19 14:42:32
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Resilience and scale invariance 
I'm not sure your realizations are similar, but your engineering
background is quite different from my psychology background.  Risk
aversion is well known, and it's very reasonable that people would not
want to abandon the existing system. I wouldn't say people's varied
conceptual models for money are any weirder or more disturbing than
their models for other aspects of life.  Beware of correspondence
Unfortunately, alternative / complementary currencies cannot--or at
least, currently do not--address the issue of inequity, particularly
of property, but also commons in general, so I think the money
movements are addressing more of a symptom than the disease.
Crisis often brings change, but it rarely ever brings good change.  In
crisis mode, people are less rational than usual, and make desperate
choices, whether behind the counter at McDonald's or behind the desk
in the Oval Office.

@_date: 2009-04-21 23:15:38
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Resilience and scale invariance 
Not so hard to be both.
The word "relationship" carries with it some meaning that I'd rather
not imply.  All the biases and heuristics we use when making economics
decisions (including those with money) create a map of irrationality
that is very predictable (thus Dan Ariely's choice in title) in spots,
but does not lend itself to a grand theory.  These errors are also
incredibly hard to avoid, whether you expect them or not.  It's a bit
like an optical illusion: you know it's not real, but your brain can't
stop perceiving it as real.  We're hard-wired to make the same sorts
of mistakes, over and over.  For the most part, we have almost no
chance of "learning better" to prevent ourselves from making them.  I
do not think this is not a hopeless statement, but a realistic one.
We CAN develop methods, systems, and traditions that give more
immediate feedback, and lessen the impact of the mistakes we will
make.  Another bias is that when we learn about biases we usually
think we're less susceptible in the future, and are more confident we
won't make that mistake.  Ironic, eh?
Really, reviewing the literature is better (and easier for me!) than
me writing much about it.  A PhD student in London actually has a
"psychology of money" section of his psyblog that has a good
not-overly-technical overview of many of the biases we have, and
summarizes a number of studies (mostly experiments) in behavioral
economics: The studies do not create a unified whole.  No model or theory exists
that explains it all, nor do I think there will ever be one.  For
example, expected utility theory had many holes, and in came prospect
theory, and it too has many holes, and so we tweak an assumption here
and there, test, and repeat.  It is closer to the mapping of terrain
than it is to finding a golden algorithm hidden in a black box.
Other avenues of research contain valuable insight, too: trust,
intuition, well-being, motivation, and so on.  Each can support or
undermine an assumption in the other, and in our thinking about how
socioeconomics works.
Also: I accidentally wrote "risk aversion" in the previous email when
I meant "loss aversion."  Sorry.

@_date: 2009-04-21 23:35:27
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Resilience and scale invariance 
One other thing occurred to me right as I hit "send."  That is, there
is often a false dichotomy of rational versus emotional.  The wording
that initially struck me in your email seemed to imply there was an
emotional and abnormal psychology at play causing people to have weird
or dysfunctional relationships with money.
However, a better-supported perspective accompanies behavioral
economics: first, that the "rational" of classic theory is actually an
ideal "superrational" that really isn't possible in practice; and
second, that irrational mistakes do not have to be tied to emotion or
"malfunctions" in any way.  Again, optical illusions provide a useful
example of a perceptual system being tricked by working the way it is
supposed to work, with emotion playing no role.

@_date: 2009-04-22 19:47:10
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Resilience and scale invariance 
No one claimed what you're saying, and anyone in the field would think
it was downright silly.  I certainly do.  No one's "blaming" mistakes
on the brain, or absolving themselves of responsibility, any more than
one blames gravity when they drop a laptop.
If anyone else thought I was making a case for absolving ourselves of
mistakes, I'd be surprised.  On the contrary, I study such things to
try to prevent them in some way, or reduce the damage they cause.
Anyway, you're confusing descriptive statements with normative ones,
and making a strawman to boot, and those are just in the first few
lines.  It's familiar, because you did the same thing in the first
email of mine you ever replied to on this list.
Lesson learned: shame on me.  Not going to play, Marc.

@_date: 2009-04-25 15:07:03
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The nature of apple trees (was: Re: [ox-en] 
Exchange of rival goods works best with ownership, because fair
exchange depends on ownership.  BUT, the more equitable (not equal,
but equitable--fair) the ownership among people, the better.  Not all
ownership is the same.  At the very least ownership varies by the
thing owned, and the laws and norms that establish, maintain, and
evolve that schema of ownership.  So, how we define ownership types in
a model makes a huge difference.
We can't equivocate non-rival (free software, free design docs) and
rival (land, fruit, a laptop) goods when saying this, because they are
fundamentally different.  Goods ideal for peer production--and thus
where nearly all peer production occurs--are almost entirely
non-rival.  E.g. FLOSS.  In the few cases where rival goods are
involved, they're "practically non-rival" within the peer population.
E.g. Rock Horror Picture Show, Burning Man.  I think these
distinctions warrant rigorous discussion and classification, but I
hope this provides enough of my perspective to get back to the "geist
of capitalism."  So, the types of goods we're discussing in a model
makes a huge difference.
I think behavioral and experimental economics provide strong support
for the factors of equity as make-or-break components of any real or
proposed socioeconomic system (and the one most often ignored).  As
near as I can tell, no one's built that case academically without
making libertarian or socialist assumptions... although some have
arrived at it more intuitively (e.g. Chris Cook).  That's why I'm
working on building that case.
Kevin, to clarify, you're talking about "actually-practiced
capitalism" or theoretical capitalism (i.e. the general definition a
place like wikipedia might give it--essentially, private ownership
with a market economy)?  The rest of this email is still a general
reply to the thread, btw.
If we (we being everyone here, not just Kevin) are talking theoretical
captialism, absent are the defining factors that make all the
difference--the legal and social norms (monitoring, enforcing, etc)
that establish equitable ownership.  Those premises are the societal
"context," and without them the discussion is too abstract--without
those essential premises, the conclusion will be one of two extremes:
it will be invalid because it assumes more than its premises state; OR
it will be valid, but so abstract that its validity isn't important.
To predict and acknowledge a fair criticism:  we can't lay out ALL
premises when analyzing something complex, we have to simplify.  I
agree completely, but I think either
1) the important factors of equity are left out entirely from much of
the discussion I see, rather than represented in a simplified form, or
2) they assume agent behavior that is not scientifically recognizable
as human behavior.
In other words, I think equity--parameters of fair ownership between
humans, from individuals to the world as a whole--isn't weighed
heavily enough or carefully enough in analysis, if it's present at
all.  To avoid it is to talk past one another, because so many
assumptions hide deep within it.
I also think the tree metaphor(s) just confuse the issue more.  I
appreciate everyone trying to work with a metaphor for continuity's
sake, but in this case it strikes me as worse than using no metaphor
at all.  (Absolutely no offense meant to those giving it a try, I just
notice that people in general don't abandon metaphors as soon as they
probably should.)

@_date: 2009-04-25 23:01:12
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The nature of apple trees (was: Re: [ox-en] 
I looked at your booklist (thanks for making it, might check some of
them out), and have a few perspectives I would recommend exploring:
1) Elinor Ostrom and related commons researchers.  If Ostrom had
something to do with it, it's probably worth getting.  Seminal work is
Governing the Commons, which covers common-pool resources (rival
goods).  More recently she has also tackled non-rival goods
(information commons).
2) Gene Sharp and associated nonviolence researchers.  His basic
theory of power relates to
monopolizations of power in other realms: all commons.  Monopolizers
of commons rule by explicit or implicit consent, but peer production
can (doesn't always, but can) undermine that power.  For a quick
taste, see For further material, see 3) Chris Cook. Most of his presentations run with the same idea of
open corporates as a legal form of social enterprise, but the
"approachableness" has been improving:
4) Muhammad Yunus' Creating a World Without Poverty.  Particularly,
the story of the company Grameen Danone.
  Evolving social enterprise
is a path to a new socioeconomic form.  Compare and contrast with
Cook, they should be very similar.
5) The Toyota Way, Liker.  Has been a fad in business for about a
decade, but the core of standardization with small-but-rigorous
trial-and-error experimentation is key to better businesses.  This
scientific method approach to business can also catch some of the
biases identified by behavioral economics, leading to potentially
better decision making.

@_date: 2009-04-26 00:33:01
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The nature of apple trees (was: Re: [ox-en] 
Michel, I'm afraid I don't understand what you're asking.
I'm not sure how much good my speculation about ownership would be,
nor am I entirely sure where it's evolving.  Pigovian taxes are a
simple way to model the sort of cost increase on negative
externalities that needs to happen, but the same problems of
monitoring, enforcement, and governance enter into it.
Yes, my thinking has evolved a lot since the last peertrust updates,
which seem--ok, which were--long ago, but I have no updates I'm
willing to show quite yet.  Hopefully that does not make me a bad

@_date: 2009-12-11 00:59:53
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] 
I agree completely with Kevin about the red herring of automation.  Paul
seems obsessed with it.  Although I haven't managed to read every email and
link, I've thus far found none of it significantly compelling.  After one
attempt to encourage more active skepticism on his part, back near the
beginning of July, I quickly saw the writing on the wall.  However, until
now, I've been missing a trick performed right in front of my nose.  Now
it's caught my eye:
Paul, I assume you are the wikipedia user "Freevolution," who has written
most of the Wikipedia "jobless recovery" article, right?  You've linked to
it in multiple emails, including this one, quoting it with no mention that
you're essentially quoting yourself.
  Really man, what the hell?
Also, happy holidays, p2pr.

@_date: 2009-12-28 14:34:10
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Your Amazon.com order 102-0690203-1681842 
And coming in at  on the Top Ten for when you know you're forwarding too
much to the p2pr list...
At least now I know where to send those gift subscriptions of Muscle
magazine and Cat Fancy.

@_date: 2009-01-31 18:13:21
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] All Work is Created Equal 
What regulatory mechanism ensures that the generation of electricity
is "sustainable," or doesn't pollute the environment, or doesn't
create some other sort of negative externality?
In other words, how does the system deal with intentional or
unintentional cheating?
You say below that I can find producers that share my values.  How do
I know that producers who _tell_ the system they have particular
values and practices _actually do_ have those values and practices?

@_date: 2009-01-06 00:04:47
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Where does the "lost" money go ? can we 
Kevin, added you in case something I said needs to be slapped around a bit.
There are three concepts here.  One is "asset value," one is the
creation of money via "credit" (aka the "monetization of debt"), and
the last one is "inflation."
The "money" doesn't go anywhere if there is something valued (an
asset) that drops in value.  You've probably heard the term "toxic
asset."  A "toxic asset" is just something that's not worth the price
tag people have put on it.
Consider a gemstone you think is a diamond, and you think is worth
1000 USD.  You go to sell it, and the prospective buyer has it
appraised.  The appraiser tells you both it's just glass.  The
asset--the glass you thought was diamond--is essentially worthless,
and has negligable value.  No one "wins" that "lost" value.
Stocks and various financial instruments--assets--that are held for
their monetary value can lose their value too, but no one "gets" that
drop in value as money.  It's a question of who holds the hot
potato(es) when the value plummets, and in this case it was a
significant portion of the financial sector.  In a bubble, those
making a lot of money from the bubble also stand to lose their ass in
it as well, and often do.  Most simply have no idea when the bubble
will pop, and they're getting GREAT returns in the meantime...
The estimated value of the mortgages came from the estimated value of
the homes, and that value had been increasing constantly, beyond
anything reasonable, creating a bubble.  A bubble is when assets are
valued much more than they're actually worth.  Not many people care
that the overvalued assets are overvalued during the bubble, because
everyone's buying and selling and the value is growing.  Eventually
this inflated sense of value "pops" when people realize the assets are
not worth as much as they are priced.  That's the asset portion of the
mess, in simple terms.
In case Thomas' reply about credit and monetization wasn't understood,
I'll explain that briefly too. "Monetizing debt" means the government
borrows money from the Fed and spends it as money.  Essentially, the
government is credited Federal Reserve Notes (USDs), with the promise
to repay that debt to the Fed Reserve in the future.  The government
then puts this money into circulation by spending it.
The concept of money created from credit is simple enough in concept.
Think of 3 people on an island that use IOUs with each other.  One
harvests coconuts, another fishes, and another makes sandals.  Let's
assume they value fishes and coconuts the same, but sandals are worth
about 10 fishes or coconuts.  We can see how credit (IOUs which are
money) flows:
1. The coconut gal needs sandals, so she "buys" a pair from the sandal
guy by writing him a 10-coconut IOU.
2. The sandal guy needs some fish, so he gives the fish dude the IOU
for 10 coconuts in exchange for 10 fish.
3. Later that day, the fish dude brings the IOU to the coconut gal and
gets 10 coconuts.  The gal destroys the IOU.
The cycle of credit has come full-circle.
Our government essentially tells the Fed Reserve "IOU 10 USDs," the
Fed Reserve says "ok, I'll put those in your account, but you owe me"
and the government then spends those USDs on programs or bailouts or
whatever.  At some point, those USDs are supposed to be paid back to
the Fed Reserve.  That's why those USDs are also called Federal
Reserve Notes--they're IOUs to the Fed Reserve.
In theory this is useful, because our government, like the coconut
gal, could get the sandals when she needed them and then pay back
later.  In other words, the government could get a wad of cash when it
needed it and pay that wad of cash back later (via collected taxes,
for example).  This is what banks do when they give someone (person,
business, another bank) credit.
You may be asking "why do we need the Fed Reserve to create money and
lend it to us?"  Good question, but that's another very long
discussion, one that I think begins with "In theory, we really don't
need them to, because we could do it ourselves..."
Lastly, INFLATION.  Monetary inflation, as Thomas said, is pumping
more money into the economy, diluting the money supply.  It's
"dilution" because the same "value" in the economy is spread over more
money, meaning each money unit is worth less value than it was--it's
diluted.  Gum was a penny, now 50 pennies.  The gum, itself, is still
just gum, but a penny is worth less than it was.
Take the islanders again.  There is no need to destroy the IOUs when
they come back to the issuer, since they'd just need to write one
again.  They become "monetized debt."  These dollars go into
circulation and occasionally one of them writes additional dollars
when they wear out.  There are only 3 people, so it's pretty easy for
the islanders to keep an eye on one another, and each knows the other
is good for it.
Let's say they make an "official" unit: the former IOU 10 becomes 10
"island dollars."  The IOUs are no longer connected to a particular
person, they are just an exchangeable note. They also make these
dollars legal tender: all 3 agree it MUST be accepted for all debts,
public and private, just like our Federal Reserve Notes.  Although a
dollar was originally valued as roughly one coconut or one fish or .1
of a pair of sandals, supply and demand causes fluctuations in price.
That's fine, and expected.
Over time, more people wash ashore and begin exchanging their goods
and services, until there are 10 islanders, all using the established
money system.  One of them--we'll call her the rancher--wants to clear
a section of land and build a ranch for the island's native flightless
birds, so she can produce and sell more eggs.  To finance this, she
creates 10000 dollars, and figures that, once she's built her ranch,
she'll just destroy 100 dollars that come to her per week.
Essentially, she is acting as a bank, and loaning to herself by
monetizing debt.
The island hasn't run into this situation before, but it's "legal,"
and the rancher has good intentions.  She wants to create something of
value to her, and likely the community.  This new development seems
reasonable enough to everyone.
The rancher spends this 10000 dollars on supplies and labor.  The
others are just a little uncertain that she'll be able to provide
enough goods and services to "repay" in "good time."  They're not sure
she sees how much those 10000 dollars are worth to everyone.  As she
spends more money, and it enters into circulation, the islanders see
more money in everyone's hands.  Those working on her land ask for
higher wages than they earn on their own, both because they know she
needs the help, and because they feel they should be compensated more
for spending their leisure time working.  Other islanders see this
increase in the money supply, and realize they could ask a little more
for their good and services, and get it.  These factors combine to
nudge the islanders to increase their prices.
Thus, the islanders see the value of their dollars decrease as prices
increase, and marvel at inflation.  Sandals now sell for 20 dollars,
coconuts for 3 dollars (they cleared coconut trees for the ranch, so
coconuts are more scarce), and fish for 2 dollars.  "Why, back in the
old days," the original 3 islanders complain, "a fish only cost a
I hope these explanations begin to reveal some of the mechanics behind
the issues discussed.  I don't know how far the email goes back.
However, I think anyone discussing money and economics should also go
through the effort of reading some of the material online, including
some of the material, like E.C. Riegel's work (Thomas makes this
available online because he's awesome), and some basic Austrian,
Chicago, etc school perspectives (use wikipedia at least), and so on.
Just because many people are confused about what things are and why
they happen doesn't mean that no one knows, or that the whole thing is
a weird scheme (well, ok, the Federal Reserve is a weird scheme).
Also, Michel, think about it backwards, or maybe inside-out.  Credit
is (in theory) a measure of your "worth" in demanded value.  This is
why Chris Cook talks about guarantee societies and credit as a
relationship.  If the rancher took the loan from an actual bank, but
couldn't pay it back, the bank would lower the measure of her "worth"
in public-demanded value (goods and services the public wants).  In
other words, if you take more than you can pay back, you will be
allowed less credit, or perhaps none at all.  The "loss" is then
written off, and you can think of it as the "cost" of the system
learning and revising your credit worth within the "flow" of money.
In a fair system, the overall burden of the lesson is borne by
everyone, and perhaps a little more by those responsible for
monitoring credit ratings.  In an unfair system, well... take a look
Essentially, the current problem is, not only is the monetary system
out of the public's control, it failed to judge actual value worth a
damn.  The solution presented is to monetize a bunch of debt--print
money.  Yes, that will lead to monetary inflation, but that might not
actually be such a big deal IF the socioeconomic system were also
revised/reformed/evolved to be more equitable.  Right now, that AIN'T
going to happen.
Many battles I've seen between Austrian (take your pick on Mises.org)
and Keynesian (people might recognize the name Paul Krugman) seems to
often be fought over, around, in, or through, inflation.  The debates
touch on the rest of the system, but so often come back to one side or
the other's perspective on inflation.  In actuality, inflation just
is, it's socioeconomic equity that really matters.

@_date: 2009-01-10 22:53:32
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Where does the "lost" money go ? can we 
Thanks, I'll try to answer your questions, but I think in some cases
they carry incorrect assumptions that must be teased out.
1. The value of assets is not in the market as actual money.  The
assumption that "at one point, somebody did buy it at such value" is
incorrect if you mean the current valuation.  As with the diamond
example, if I pay $75, and then it increases to perceived value on up
to $200, but then I have it appraised and it's not worth anything, how
much did I lose?  I lost $75 (plus interest, or some sort of
opportunity cost).  Not $200.  Being valued at $200 doesn't mean I
bought it for $200, nor that anyone else did.   People may have been
willing to buy it for $200 before it was appraised, but once they find
out it's glass, they'll offer me only a penny.  The price of the asset
is always an estimation of its value by others in the market.
The speed/ease with which assets can be converted to cash is known as
their liquidity or marketability.  Since assets are not money, but
stores of perceived value, some are far easier to sell for cash than
A quick and simplified example of an asset relevant to the crisis: a
mortgage, which is a promise to pay some amount every month.  If I'm
an investor and I have a slice of that mortgage, I get paid every
month, and I get more back from my investment in that mortgage than I
might have if I had deposited the money in a savings account.
However, the mortgage has more risk: the borrower might default.  To
communicate this risk to investors and the market in general,
borrowers and mortgages themselves are rated.  The rating system
failed.  Between conflicts of interest and improper checks and
balances, it failed to properly assess risk.  Of course, there was
more than a single mortgage: there were pools of mortgages that were
sliced and diced, repackaged, and swapped about.
2. I can't tell if you see a problem with assets, or a problem with
the fractional-reserve system, or are somehow sort of combining the
two.  I will separate the two.
First, I'll use mortgages to clarify.  Sure, in some cases people took
out a loan and used it for a vacation, but many also used one for home
improvement, thus--in theory--increasing the value of their home.
Assets and credit/loans are two different things.  The diamond analogy
only goes so far; instead, maybe I should have used a laying hen that
produces eggs regularly... does a foreclosed chicken = dinner? The
trick is that in a mortgage, a person's promise to pay is used as an
asset by the bank, as mentioned above.  On the borrower's side is a
line of credit or loan in exchange for his promise to pay, with his
house as collateral.
If the borrower does not pay back as promised, the bank forecloses on
the property.  The bank then attempts to sell the collateral (the
property), and apply that money toward the debt.  Remember, the
mortgage--as an asset--has value because of the income stream created
by the borrower paying back his loan.  If the borrower defaults, that
income stream doesn't exist, and the value of the mortgage drops.
Second, concerning loans: the bank can always lend money.  The riddle
is this: If the bank "lends again," is it lending the same money it
"destroyed," or different money?  The answer: It's irrelevant.  The
bank's books just have to balance.  This is hard to grasp because most
of us earn money and treat it as a tangible, real unit that is
exchanged for goods and services.  You have to forget what you think
you know about money, and look at the actual flow.
In theory, what Thomas said about the loan is correct, but in
practice, it's not visible or particularly relevant.  That may seem
extreme, but what actually matters to a bank is how much it can lend.
How much the bank can lend is determined by the regulations of our
fractional-reserve system:
The original questions concerned the drop in value in financial
markets, and where that perceived value--which was confused with
money--went.  The super-brief response to the original questions is
The (US) stock market is valued using a dollar amount, but that amount
is actually _perceived value_.  The dollar value is only a measure of
estimated worth of assets; it does not exist as money.

@_date: 2009-01-14 21:41:37
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Where does the "lost" money go ? can we 
Thanks Michel.  I honestly don't know of a solid, comprehensive
primer, or collection of work.  Some foundational texts exist for most
of the schools of thought, but not a lot of work builds bridges
between the schools themselves.   The basic advice is really not so
special: find where economics connects with something of interest and
importance, and pursue from there.
My research into Grameen Bank and Chris Cook's guarantee society, and
the discussions I had with folks at the money conference last year,
made me realize I needed a deeper understanding of the fundamentals of
money, credit, and economics in general.  From there, it has been, and
continues to be, a lot of reading, watching, and listening.
However one does it, it takes a lot of time and effort.  There is
plenty of material out there--Wikipedia's economics pages are a good
gateway--but there's definitely a period of just learning the
language.  I try to get diverse perspectives, particularly ones I find
initially troublesome (i.e. ones I don't initially like, and feel
tempted to dismiss).
Perspectives we don't like may be supported by evidence, even though
we want to insist that WE are the ones being rational, not them.  If a
perspective explains some evidence well, then there is value in
exploring that perspective.
In that vein, recently I've found a lot of value in listening to
Econtalk, which is a podcast done by Russ Roberts:
  It's biased in some significant and
noticeable ways, which has irritated me on more than one occasion, but
overall the guests are diverse and present a lot of interesting
problems and viewpoints.  Clay Shirky was on it, for example.
Econtalk also has thorough podcast summaries and resources for each
Also, all Nobel prize economics lectures and articles from 2000 or so
on are free to view at the Nobel site.  That's probably a bit hardcore
for most, but some of them are fascinating.

@_date: 2009-01-29 18:22:58
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] LETS/Community Way in Portland, Oregon, USA. 
I'm in Portland, I've met Michael Linton before, and I also know Alan
Rosenblith, who was involved with PDX Currency and then Cascadia
Trading Coop.  However I recently talked to Alan (while he was filming
supplementary material for his documentary, The Money Fix) and he
indicated the project was pretty much dead.  Is this a resurrection?
Is it only dead to Alan?
Let me know what's up.

@_date: 2009-07-02 00:13:23
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: More on the Supply and Demand Curve 
Paul, a quick reply: the assertion that "a specific key assumption of
macroeconomics [is] (infinite demand for consumer goods and services)" is
incorrect.  You may find it a worthwhile exercise to challenge your
assumptions using the existing literature out there.  Also, no one really
practices what's known as "classical economics" anymore, although it's not
always easy to know what good economists DO practice, because it often
defies easy labeling.
Demand curves are for a specific commodity, and are created using data
(known as a demand schedule). They do not assume infinite anything.
Aggregate demand and aggregate supply models also depend on data, with many
factors affecting the aggregate demand curve (consumer confidence, money
supply, wealth, etc).  Again, nothing infinite applies.
I realize you were not intentionally creating a strawman, but wanting to
think through economic issues.  Macroeconomics tries to use aggregate
indicators to model economies, but the complexity presents an incredible
challenge.  We're in the midst of coalescing economic theory right now, as
behavioral and experimental economics smash into previous syntheses like the
"New-Keynesian" school.
Empirical economists seem to know that macro is generally a big fuzzy area.
While many people profess a particular belief in a particular policy, when
gently pressed on the empirical basis for models, they seem to admit a lot
of simplifications and assumptions.  Those with reasonable approaches that
admit these flaws don't receive much public exposure.
I've never read Marshall Brain's book, but if he presents conclusions from
some thought-experiment, the assumptions in that experiment should be judged
independently.  The "automation means unemployment" theory has no empirical
support.  Unemployment is not positively correlated with automation at all.
  When people are free to work on other projects because of automation, they
work where automation isn't possible or economical.  There are many ways to
crack this nut, so you may want to consider attempting to disprove Brain's
claims, and see if such attempts bring additional insight.  I don't mean
Devil's Advocate, but true investigative skepticism, rooted in uncommitted

@_date: 2009-07-02 18:14:09
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: More on the Supply and Demand Curve 
I could not find a source connected to your quote and claim that 'most
economists still cling to the ?infinite wants? idea.'  If that was the case,
I would expect to have run into it by now, and I would also expect abundant
examples of that assumption.  Does any serious economic literature from the
last, say, 30 years mention the concept as foundational?
Lack of evidence aside, I don't think refutation of infinite human wants
changes anything.  No infinite variables are required to cause a problem
with the allocation of finite resources.  In other words, we need to only
want to do something that will kill us in a few years (completely regardless
of whether we can foresee it or not), and have the means. From an economic
viewpoint, the concern is external costs in our transactions. Infinite-ness
never enters into the concern.  In other words, infinite-ness was never the
problem of "doom by externalities," and revealing finite bounds doesn't
eliminate the problem, either.
My current perspective: the reduction in information asymmetry resulting
from an information commons presents the best chance humanity has of
reducing negative externalities in transactions.

@_date: 2009-07-04 15:11:58
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Missing Productivity and the Rise of Social 
Kevin, I think Yglesias' ironic portrayal of the hard-working American
mindset reveals a deeper and more meaningful critique. Many Americans really
do see working hard as a virtue*, and market-value production as the goal.
The American corporate hero works hard and plays hard, and if he can't do
that, he buys a Dilbert calendar and grins and bears it.  Another day,
another dollar.
The pervasive corporate mindset may include brown-nosing, but is more
accurately seen as a competitive mindset.  Workers attempt to signal their
"workaholicness" and productivity across corporate organizations, competing
for very high and real stakes--the difference in income that allows an
employee to send her kids to private school, or in this economy, keep her
Yglesias' alludes to the mental model of the American corporate worker
implicitly defining "play hard" as not being productive.  If playing is
productive, it creates market value, which is actually work.  Playing hard
is not productive at all, and SHOULDN'T be, because if playing was
productive, it would be work.  Play isn't productive; play isn't USEFUL.  In
the American corporate mindset, work and play (as verbs) are mutually
exclusive.  One can play at work, but that's fooling around; that's not
productivity, that's Dilbert.  As I'm sure you've noticed, one of the
"paradigm shifts" hitting the corporate world is attempting to break the
work-or-play dichotomy, but of course, only for the "creative class," who
need to provide innovation to increase corporate productivity.
Yglesias' also alludes to the problem of this mindset: the mentality
ingrained in the "work hard, play hard" American maxim creates obstacles on
the road to an "information age," where not everything is measured in USD
and GDP.  Including, of course, productivity.  Industrial age thinking
becomes "productivity block" in the information age.
Not a single recent discussion or policy recommendation about the American
economy has touched this issue, nor do I think any will.  The mental model
of work and play runs too deep for most of the American public.  The
industrial age mentality will be undermined until the youth of today,
mature, and playing and producing in a very different economic world, look
at the corporate propaganda of today much as we view the black-and-white
cigarette ads of yesteryear, and wonder why America so thoroughly and
willingly accepted something so obviously harmful and silly.

@_date: 2009-07-17 17:11:19
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
Replies to Kevin and Ryan, below.
Kevin, expertise is another huge difference, in all industries, and so the
economies of scale created by centralization include the specialization of
experts and the efficiency gains they make.  Specialization seems to be
often ignored or trivialized in economic discussions on this list, which is
a mistake.  The gains of trade from specialization can't be reasonably
denied, so we should freely acknowledge them--from that acknowledgment
follows the highlighting of gains enabled by sharing knowledge.
Given what I've seen and experienced with farms, I'm highly skeptical that
it's cost-effective for the majority of the population to make, rather than
buy, most of their food (some herbs, a couple tomato plants, sure).
Specialized producers with operations that are centralized to some degree
strike me inevitable--that trend doesn't concern me.  What concerns me is
the societal and governmental refusal to revise costs to reflect known and
measurable externalities.  Essentially, subsidized and condoned destruction
of common pool resources.
Rising fuel costs will bring that destruction closer to home for those
people that can do something about it, politically, so I see some hope
No, because deeming something "efficient" requires qualification.  Factors
of production cannot be endlessly centralized for increased efficiency.
 If the trade-offs are worth it to informed citizens, they will lower their
It's all three.  Just as technology enables wealth-creation, it enables
cheaper and more effective monitoring of environmental conditions not
immediately obvious to the populace.  Technology enables education and more
effective methods of fighting for social justice, too.  Information
permeates the membrane of the great firewalled nations of the world in
seconds, not days, and with little risk to the senders.  The KGB may be able
to kill all anti-gov professional journalists within its borders, but it
cannot kill a globe of citizen journalists with internet connections.  I,
too, have a distaste for the extreme futurist cry of "technology,
technology," that ignores cultural development and processes, but technology
can't be dismissed.  It's an issue.
I detect a bit of rational expectation perspective framing these citizens
reasoning about trade-offs and making rational decisions. Informed citizens
lower their production only when 1) costs are too high, or 2) the situation
meets the necessary criteria for effective common-pool resource management.
As Ostrom documented, it's not so hard to screw up: corrupted government
planning isn't even required (but it helps, of course).
Efficient-yet-sustainable use of bioregions is the better answer.  The US
has plenty of grazing land, good for protein production embodied by
ruminants and poultry.  Proper "grass farming," as the infamous Joel Salatin
calls it, even restores soil on over-grazed, poor-soil lands.  I've seen
studies on foodsheds in the NE that confirm using pasturelands for
sustainable meat and dairy production is more efficient use of land than
production for a vegetarian diet alone.  I've also seen increasing rumblings
about the need to re-integrate animals into farms for better overall farm
health.  Also, while I can't say it strikes me as appetizing, we shouldn't
forget about insects and the high quality protein they create quite
efficiently.  No reason they can't be harvested and processed (insect
Aquaculture can be low resource-use and still fairly efficient.  Carp
aquaculture using basic pond-farming is (very roughly, from memory) .1 ton
petroleum to 1 ton fish.  The US's petroleum-heavy industrialized corn /
soybean / chicken / beef production doesn't put it ahead in sustainable
agriculture techniques, so I don't see how China's ahead in protein
production when they have a rapidly-increasing unsustainable model.
I don't think people generally understand even the general economic trends
related to wealth.  If pressed, people seem to guess that farming generates
little wealth, and yet the implications are missed.  It's easier to live a
"simpler life" or "urban homestead" in the US, where the safety net of
trillion-dollar infrastructure has our back.  Even the Amish depend on US
infrastructure to supply their raw materials (metal, cloth, fuel).  Building
advanced transportation, energy, and water infrastructure requires the
population density of cities to be economically efficient and feasible.
Infrastructure requires consolidated wealth, and consolidated wealth
requires cities.
When I started challenging the assumptions rooted in my own personal biases
against large cities, I began to see economic trends that I hadn't noticed
before because I refused to look.
Here in Portland, the the middle-class and above support the farmers--the
poor can't afford to.  Conversely, the farmers can't afford to produce for
the poor, even with all the low-wage immigrant labor they use, which they
have to use to survive at all.  You can only out-compete subsidized corn and
soy when your customer base is large and nearby, and insensitive to high
relative prices.  The wealth that keeps the farmers in business comes from
employees of places like Intel (they have their own farmer's market on their
campus, even), Adidas, Nike, Columbia Sportswear, and so on.
The Grameen family of companies seems to be the most recent and telling
example of reducing poverty through improving and building infrastructure.
I think better equity models underlying socioeconomic systems would improve
this sort of thing, of course.

@_date: 2009-07-18 23:00:56
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] i am the long tail 
Commerical project is right.  That site has nothing to do with long tails,
nor do the entrepreneurs featured, but the "long tail" meme draws hits and
website entrepreneurs.  Essentially, this is a web-based infomercial to lure
websites into joining the The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Long Tail
Alliance.  It's right at the top: "Special Offer - Save $100 Join the IAB
Long Tail Alliance Today for only $399 for a limited time."
Regarding the clips, the entrepreneurs give feel good sound bites peppered
with mentions of how wonderful advertising is, which shouldn't be
surprising, given they're all members of IAB.
The skinny on the IAB, straight from their own site, should anyone care:
". . . is comprised of more than 375 leading media and technology companies
who are responsible for selling 86% of online advertising in the United
States. On behalf of its members, the IAB is dedicated to the growth of the
interactive advertising marketplace, of interactive?s share of total
marketing spend, and of its members? share of total marketing spend.
*The IAB has six core objectives:*
   -  Fend off adverse legislation and regulation
    - Coalesce around market-making measurement guidelines and creative
   standards
   - Create common ground with customers to reduce costly friction in the
   supply chain
   - Share best practices that foster industry-wide growth
   - Generate industry-wide research and thought leadership that solidifies
   Interactive as a mainstream medium
   - Create countervailing force to balance power of other media, marketing,
   and agency trade groups"
I consider Adblock a best practice.  I'm guessing they don't.  It would be a
real shame for the P2PF to give this organization or their "project" any
coverage (even negative, which would still give them some hits), in my

@_date: 2009-07-21 00:29:48
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] a challenge to social media enthusiasm .. what 
First, I glanced at the study.  Their small sample size and use of
self-selection severely limits the findings.  To top it all off, New
Scientist writes a sensationalist summary article to gather more clicks, as
they so often do.  I'd bet they hardly read the study at all.  They paid
little attention to differences in gender, which are significantly different
for many of the traits.
But then, I actually read the study.  New Scientist seems to have missed
contradictions in the data and the abstract.  The abstract does not match
the table of data provided, and the paper has an error in the Results where
it begins to talk about openness but then finishes the sentence about
agreeableness.  The data doesn't match the abstract's claims that "variance
analysis revealed significant differences between Wikipedia members and
non-Wikipedia members in agreeableness, openness, and conscientiousness,
which were lower for the Wikipedia members."  Just look at the table
provided.  Agreeableness?  Yes.  The other two?  No.
First, openness.  When reading the article and abstract, I was surprised
Wikipedians scored lower on openness than non-Wikipedians, but it turns out
they didn't.  According to the data in the table, for both genders,
Wikipedians scored higher on openness than non-Wikipedians.  Out of all the
traits, it's ONLY agreeableness that's lower for Wikipedians of both
Second, conscientiousness.  While Wikipedian males scored lower on
conscientiousness than non-Wikipedian males, Wikipedian females scored
HIGHER than non-Wikipedian females.
Also, btw, somewhat of a surprise to me: while there's a big difference for
females, there's no sigificant difference in extroversion between male
Wikipedians and male non-Wikipedians.  Granted, the sample size for the
females is so small we should have little confidence in it, either.
I'm also surprised at the paper's "Conclusions" discussion, which seem very
confused in their framing of motivation, particularly discussing "altruism,"
which to me is a big red flag.  However, considering the paper doesn't get
its own data right, I'm not going to bother discussing the conclusions.
Ryan, I think you need a relaxing vacation, at the very least, if you find
yourself writing rants like the one below.  I'm completely flabbergasted by
you constructing and condemning a nebulous "them" which somehow includes the
majority of OSS organizations, Wikipedians, and Richard Stallman. Then, in
your righteous indignation, you call them judgmental.  Unbelievable, and
that's without even bringing up the latter half of the rant.

@_date: 2009-07-21 00:58:04
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
Regarding diffusion of skill, the trend I see: technology and knowledge
lowering barriers to entry so more people can choose from a larger pool of
interests, and go farther in their handful of interests.  The skills are
actually diffused in and across technology itself--shoulders of giants and
all that.  If you look at hobbies, they may be increasingly diverse between
people, but each person only has a handful.  There is variance, of
course--some people have wider "interest pools" than others--but I think you
can see the trend.  Even with incredibly low barriers to entry across a huge
pool of possible activities, I strongly suspect we'll see specialization in
only a handful per person.
So, while you say there might be rational economic incentives for diffusion
of skill in make-vs-buy, I'm not seeing those incentives with food or much
else, because the strongest economic incentive is for a person to specialize
in what interests them, with one or more of those skillsets being of high
market value--their breadwinner.  I strongly suspect that manufacturing of
the future will be similar, but I will save my alternate visions of the
future of manufacturing for some other time.
Regarding cities and food, the future will be far more dense than WW2 era,
not less dense, which is good, because increased density tends to correlate
with more power efficiency (less power used per capita).  I can't see many
victory gardens in Tokyo or Hong Kong.
While gardens aren't a very productive use of dense urban land, I could
easily see edible landscaping throughout urban greenspaces (which need to be
multi-purpose), and roof gardens (are they worth the cost and upkeep? no
idea).  However, I don't know if you have a garden (I do, and picked my
first eggplant this weekend), but, I would be hard-pressed to produce 40-50%
of in-season veggies.  Similar to the market gardeners you mentioned, we do
have full-time specialized garderners here, whom you can pay to come in and
take care of your garden for you if you live within their zone, and there's
even a pooled-backyard CSA.  I'm somewhat familiar with both: cool ideas,
but they won't produce much per capita, particularly as density goes up.  I
suspect, just as I see now, some people will specialize in growing some of
their own food, but it will probably only be a few specific varieties they
really like to grow and eat fresh.
In summary, I think you're saying this gardening skill diffusion and urban
semi-homesteading is possible, and I'm saying the rough logistical math
suggests it isn't feasible.  Human behavioral trends suggest the same.  Not
everyone will live in big, dense cities, but most of the 9 billion will.  I
may not like it, but the evidence seems very strong.
Btw, if you haven't seen it, you might be interested in some of the foodshed
work of Christian J Peters et al, some of which looks at food production
capacity per acre of New York state and estimates of acres needed per capita
were everyone eating really, really lean.  Mixture of good and bad news, of

@_date: 2009-07-23 21:40:30
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] devastating story on cradle to cradle founder 
I'd read it before and had the same reaction.  I've noticed amongst the
greenwashers are also the social enterprise phonies, and plenty play both
angles.  I've had personal run-ins with both the deluded and the full-blown
con artists, but I have a special place in my heart for those that want to
patent everything that could improve the world.
I'm reminded of the recent TED talk about "smart outlets" where at the end
they cheerfully mention their 400+ patents on it.
  I
wasn't alone in being digusted, thankfully.  One of the comments on the talk
Mathijs Koenraadt, Jun 10 2009: So first we want to patent it over 400 times
to make sure nobody else implements this 10 cent solution. What was all that
about global safety and energy savings? You could have implemented that
already if not wasting so much time (and money) on patents.
The patent-holders' take: "The technology is available for licensing by
receptacle manufacturers at a fair and reasonable cost ( to
help recover the development costs."
I particularly like "to help recover," like they'd be ok with taking a loss
after securing investing for 400+ patents.

@_date: 2009-07-28 12:11:38
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] debate on open agriculture 
I don't know about Cuba, but China's statistics on nearly everything are
unreliable.  As Michel alluded to, as a very basic fact-check, if you look
at the overhead map of both Shanghai and Havana, you'll be hard-pressed to
find any evidence of such production.  Further, you can see the density for
yourself.  (Havana is recorded as having about half the density of Shanghai,
which seems reasonable.)  I've also heard from some Chinese I know that
Shanghai, Bejing, and other dense cities have pretty much everything shipped
in, which may be anecdotal, but I doubt any less reliable than official
government word.
I'd like everything to be as easily sustainable as possible, but big
problems exist at the macro level that aren't visible at the micro level.
That's why I mentioned just looking at the problems posed by New York City,
which is far less dense than most of comparable size, and has actual
economic data and research behind it.
Thanks for the insight and update.

@_date: 2009-06-02 21:32:32
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] A Penny for your P2P Thoughts 
"Ideally" the information commons (you mention a physics article,
which is a nonrival good--information) is storage, distribution, and
facilitation of an open market provided by publicly-owned
infrastructure.  The open market enables the peers.  In the open
market, "contributors" to the information commons are providing a
service: content creation.  Should you take money when offered it by
another for your service?  Absolutely.
To see my underlying thoughts as a previous, more primitive assessment
of how this happens, please do a search for
"Creation of information must be treated as a service. The system must
enable compensation for creation."
in this discussion: It's roughly a 3rd of the way down the page.

@_date: 2009-06-02 21:39:42
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is this P2P? 
Doubtful.  Like Innocentive, I suspect the sponsors have the rights to
the goods.  They do not state it explicitly, and I did not want to
sign up to "learn more," but it's an easy wager to take. The goods are
not kept in any sort of commons arrangement, and so the peers do not
retain the value or rights of their creation.  It's essentially
My impression, and own usage of peer to peer production, is that a
common good (rival or nonrival) is created, and is therefore available
to the peer pool.

@_date: 2009-06-06 23:02:21
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Money Ning 
Re: Twollars, see commentary by Stan Schroder:
Alan Rosenblith: I suspect twollars is little league to prepare for using Google Wave
to make Wavoleons or Wavebux or obs or whatever.  They didn't know
about Wave when they started, but I'd be surprised if they don't have
their eye on it now.
So, if we look at possible next moves in the arms race:
1. money moves into the internet via projects that are building open
money systems
2. open money systems that are easiest to use and access by the
mainstream is adopted rapidly by the tech savvy for small transactions
3. diverse money systems are created, but only a few are used, moves
quickly toward one
4. they're used for all sorts of legal and illegal activities
5. governments go after traders, like China did with QQ coins
6. organized crime increasingly tries to squeeze in as the buying
power increases
7. governments, particularly the United States, strikes at two points
in the infrastructure: businesses and ISPs
8. people route around businesses with virtual enterprises, and route
around ISPs via peer open telecom tech
9. the "rickroll" becomes the world's first true global currency after
a scandal with "lollars"

@_date: 2009-06-10 20:06:59
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Why Post-Capitalism is Rubbish 
Christian, your peerconomy is a market in everything but name.  I've said
it, Stefan's said it.  I don't know if Kevin has read it, but I'm willing to
wager he'd say the same, upon review.  If Ryan reads it, he'll say the
same.  In your proposal, if "the products I want to have cost 20 weighted
hours" (your exact words), I then pay that cost through production effort.
That's exchange, in a market, with units of value!
When Ryan says "allocation of most goods and services," as he did
originally, we can separate them into two groups: rival goods (goods of
substance) and nonrival goods (information).  Services (labour, if you will)
are needed to create both.  I've written about it before, but in very simple
summary: the future of nonrival goods is increasingly p2p production, the
future of rival goods is more equitable markets.
We see exactly that distinction if we look at current examples of peer
production.  The difference is simple: rival goods are allocated by their
very nature, whereas nonrival goods can be used simultaneously by many by
their very nature.

@_date: 2009-06-10 23:33:31
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
Yes, nuclear fuel is depletable, but the rest of Michel's criticism is
ill-informed.  Good nuclear technology has been around for decades:
All modern reactors use a passively safe fuel setup, for obvious reasons.
Here's a bit about the IFR project, and how they ran a coolant test before
Chernobyl had a cooling catastrophe:
Loans are not subsidies, but as with any lobby, there's plenty of chance for
sweet deals.  All industries are hyping themselves to get loans.  At least
nuclear has shown itself to be viable.  Quite recently, "renewable" energy
industries, along with nuclear, all came together to ask Obama to speed up
Companies have been attempting to navigate the fear and red tape to find
smaller solutions, too:
The "40 years of uranium left" Tomas mentioned may be a fair guess (I
honestly don't know--I've read similar numbers), but obviously there are a
lot of variables.  For example: are the countries with the reactors legally
allowed to reprocess and use the U-235 fuel in question?  If not, you throw
away a lot of potential energy as waste.  In the US, we don't reprocess
fuel.  Obviously, we should (the other nuclear powers do).  40 years
reliable and powerful emission-free generation is wonderful compared to all
other power sources right now.
Ryan's energy summary seems fair.  I don't share Ryan's enthusiasm about
OTEC, part because I only know the basics about it, and part because land is
a much gentler mistress than sea.  Regardless, unreasonable fear about
nuclear power certainly qualifies as a pitfall of the past and the present,
but I hope that pitfall does not remain.

@_date: 2009-06-12 00:39:42
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
Michel, I'm disappointed and frustrated with your post. You did not read
what I linked, you just knee-jerked, as you did the first time in dismissing
Ryan.  Let me reframe the problem in terms of scope and requirements, so you
understand why I'm saying what I'm saying.
The question facing the world: what current technology can replace existing
fossil fuel electricity generation WITH similar production capacity AND fuel
cost BUT with a lower life cycle emission of CO2?
In certain situations, geothermal, or hydroelectric, or OTEC can do this.
In most cases they can't, and fossil fuels are used.  Nuclear was never
claimed to be a flawless solution, but is superior to all existing solutions
for MWe generation because it can match the capacity and cost of fossil
fuels, but beat the emissions.
Whether people like it or not, that's the reality of power consumption and
needs: it boils down to fossil fuels vs nuclear for the majority of the
world's power generation.
Solid waste is a consideration too: radioactive solid waste created by a
nuclear plant producing 1k MWe is less than a natural gas, oil, or coal
plant of the same output.  Compare: natural gas, at 200k tons, nuclear at
about 850 tons.  30 of those tons are spent fuel, and highly radioactive,
but can be reprocessed.
Even if we couldn't reprocess that fuel, nuclear still wins the comparison
with fossil fuels.  Arguments about the dangers of waste miss the point: we
only need something better than fossil fuels, and there is no other
contender.  Thankfully, the safety record of nuclear is so much better than
fossil fuels, there's no argument there anyway.  I'm all for nuclear
watchdogs, standards, and individuals looking out for safety.  Industries
need precisely that sort of thing to help keep them honest and safe, but
pro-safety is not the same as anti-nuclear.  As a side note, the "where to
bury waste" has always been a false dilemma.  Why not create a few research
facilities to monitor the waste while pursuing better disposal options?
As Ryan said, ruling out nuclear is impossible.  I don't know what he means
by "minimize," because right now, if the world doesn't get the power from
nuclear, it will use fossil fuels.  Until we develop a replacement for
nuclear that fits the criteria previously mentioned, we must use it.
To clarify my position on a few points without being exhaustive, I offer the
1) Research into other technologies should be continued;
2) OTEC seems to be a solid choice for most islands near the equator (after
a bit more research, I'm impressed by it);
3) Wind is lousy because of highly variable generation capacity (like
solar), and the huge concrete foundations that must be sunk for the towers.
4) Where heat capture can be used, it should be, such as homes (in the
north, at least) with south-facing windows, supplemental solar hot-water
heating, etc;
5) Small-scale solar is the only viable option I know of to empower "low
watt" poor, and is useful in other low watt applications.

@_date: 2009-06-12 02:01:04
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [Open Manufacturing] Addressing 
Roberto, I appreciate that you emailed Michel privately to suggest this, but
since he decided to share, I would like to respond, see below.  Thank you
for reading some of the material I linked.
No, I'm not pulling any legs.  The program was discontinued, but as of now,
2009, the technology has been around for decades.  An IFR is buildable right
now with current know-how.  Plenty of other types are buildable too, the IFR
just happens to have a lot of preferable technology for safety,
reprocessing, and power generation.  However, I'm not a buff of nuclear
reactor types, so I'm willing to push it off the table, because the argument
for nuclear replacing fossil fuels remains essentially the same.
I don't deny it's subsidized.  Do you deny that the rest of the energy
sector is subsidized?  First, all industries are subsidized by health costs,
tax breaks, and so on that the government kindly bears for them--with our
tax dollars.  Second, most research in new technologies is subsidized by
governments through research programs, whether it be biodiesel, solar,
nuclear, or even "clean coal."  If you want to break down the economics of
energy, you have to look at the full map of externalities, and the use of
subsidies across the board to make a fair comparison.  Reprocessing cost is
a concern, for sure, and countries using nuclear want to lower that cost,
and are backing that want with R&D dollars.
And the entry of China into PV and more silicon is a horrible tragedy,
because China's increasing production in the typical way: scorched earth
industrial manufacturing.
China needs lot of power to process all that silicon, and we know where
they're going to get almost all of it: coal.  If they were using nuclear,
I'd hardly feel safe either, but global damage from coal emissions is worse
than localized nuclear waste.  China doesn't need better technology as much
as real democracy.
Current solar can't compete with fossil fuels, and it's doubtful PV will
ever be able to.  The capacity of PV is crap.  It's not in the same league
with wind, which is also crap, but can generate much more.  Neither touches
nuclear.  Please read this analysis which, in between being rather snarky,
is well-sourced:

@_date: 2009-06-12 14:17:20
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
Nick, be honest: before sending that email, did you verify a single fact
claimed by Lovins in that interview?  Did you even try?  Which claim did you
find solid?
Lovins establishes fossil fuels--particularly coal--as the fuel to beat at
the very beginning of the interview.  That may be the only valid point in
the interview.  He then claims that "efficiency" and "micropower" have been
"whalloping" nuclear in the marketplace.  Fortunately, I don't have to write
much on this: these strange claims have already been debunked.  The most
well-known and well-researched criticism of Lovins' claims about nuclear and
"micropower" is here:
While that blog is decidedly and obviously pro-nuclear, Bradish's meticulous
research in dissecting Lovins and Sheikh speaks for itself.  If you want a
"liberal-leaning" source, compare Bradish to NNadir at DailyKos, who has
expert-level knowledge as well, but is far more snarky.  You're better off
with Bradish.
That's the long answer to your question.  The short answer is, and always
should be, "facts."
I don't share Ryan's sentiments about Lovins--I became more and more
disappointed by Lovins' research as I dug into it and attempted to follow
his reasoning and citations.  He had no credibility after I finished Natural
Capitalism, which I read upon recommendation, and wanted to like.  The more
I learned of economics, the worse I found the book, but questioning the
material taught me a lot (as questioning usually does).
I agree with Ryan's response otherwise.  When he says passive solar provides
no energy, I believe he meant electricity (versus heat).

@_date: 2009-06-13 21:41:41
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The difference between anarchism and 
Tomas' view of in and out-group behavior being the realm of evolutionary
psychology is not accurate.  Plenty of human behavior is empirically
verifiable, and studied by various fields within the general discipline of
psychology.  Ev psych just constructs a narrative on top of those findings,
which may or may not be useful.  One must to separate what the psychological
evidence presents, and what an ev psych narrative speculates--separate the
behavior from the story about the behavior.
So yes, evolutionary psychology IS very speculative, but can be useful when
it proposes a hypotheses that can actually be tested.  Unfortunately, many
times ev psych establishes an attractive and convenient narrative that
researchers too willingly accept.  I only see ev psych narratives as useful
when practiced with full awareness of these limitations; good psychologists
know a story is still just a story.
However, the dismissal of human nature as a "useful context because of the
extent of social construction and the difficulty in isolating cross-cultural
universals ? of which there are few if any, and none of them politically
relevant" is completely baseless, and wrong.  Plenty of cross-cultural
universals have been found in behavior economics and the psychology of trust
and reciprocation, and they couldn't be more politically relevant.
The literature on human cognition and decision making questions many
assumptions in each political view.  We should not be surprised: those
views, too, are narratives built upon normative statements that can be--and
usually are--quite assumptive.  And, quite honestly, I'm not even sure what
"social construction" means now.  The term was used to help challenge
assumptions held too dearly, but now I only see it used as a philosophical
hand-wave when uncomfortable scientific facts enter the scene.  "Social
construction" is either obvious or irrelevant.
You say that "it is comforting for middle-class worshippers of order to
fantasise that things are alright, but this perspective is only possible by
hiding inside a protective sphere."
For your consideration: it's comforting for political philosophers to
fantasize that they are right about human behavior and its implications, but
that perspective is only possible by refusing to falsify their own
I'll admit, that's not entirely fair: all humans experience confirmation

@_date: 2009-06-14 15:06:33
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
I don't see much support for calling proliferation from power generation a
"significant risk," particularly if you mean someone actually blowing
something up. Since you mention dirty bombs, you don't seem to be referring
to States so much as non-State actors, but I'll cover both.
Dismantled weapons should be an increasingly bigger concern than spent
fuel.  Keep in mind the US has thousands of nukes, and the former USSR,
thousands more. Most governments now seem to know that they only need a few
nukes on hand for an effective deterrence strategy. Just the technology and
know-how is probably enough. The US will (supposedly) dismantle thousands of
nukes in the next couple decades, generating a lot of weapons waste.
Nuclear fuel is closely monitored by the IAEA in Non-proliferation Treaty
countries. For those countries not in the NPT, it's a long, hard,
highly-visible road to separating plutonium from spent fuel. We knew when N
Korea created a weaponization facility in 1990. It's hard to be sneaky about
it, even in the most secretive country in the world. N Korea continues to
rattle its saber for concessions, and currently, to distract from a major
power shift in the country. That's all a nuclear weapon is good for
Since States have no incentive to fire the weapons, our worry should be
non-State actors, but I don't see how they are a significant risk either.
Terrorist groups use cheap and effective tactics: assassinations,
hijackings, hostage-takings, truck and car-bombs, and coordinated shootings.
Making a nuclear weapon is high-profile (both the footprint and the
specialization needed), incredibly expensive, time-consuming, and
centralized--the last scheme a terrorist org would want.  Acquiring a
warhead is the not-much-better alternative, but every nuke-possessing
country is watching out for precisely that.
"Dirty bombs" aren't much of a concern, either. A terrorist would be better
off using a different contaminant in their bomb--something toxic, cheap, and
easily available. I suggest this short and concise article about dirty bombs
from the Federation of American Scientists:
How much medical equipment with radioactive material goes missing each year
in the world?  Would you say it's easier to get ahold of that, or spent
fuel?  Which is a more significant risk?  Consider the cobalt 60-enriched
steel coming from India this year.  Terrorists would be better off using
geiger counters in scrap yards than bothering with spent fuel.  Contaminated
steel worries me more as a general risk, not because of an attack, but
because cheap steel is everywhere and geiger counters aren't.  We're finding
it all over.
In the rest of the world, nuclear power is expanding both horizontally and
vertically: the genie can't be put back in the bottle, so we must be
reasonable in assessing risks. I'm undecided if weaponization is a bigger
risk than waste.  I thought about it a little, and considered China's poor
environmental record as a counter-example. A country with poor internal
regulation and monitoring doing something stupid with waste seems far more
likely than an attack, but the impact of an attack would probably be worse.
I need some evidence before being persuaded either way. I'm still more
worried about where China's used medical equipment goes.

@_date: 2009-06-15 20:21:28
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Demystifying solar capacity 
I've split this email off to reduce the annoyance factor with
cross-posting.  I wanted to quickly clear up a few things regarding solar
power and units of energy given.  Forgive me, those of you that already know
this, and correct me if I made a mistake, those that know better.  Also,
math is involved to show my work, so you know where my numbers came from.
The output values being discussed are watt-peak output (Wp), meaning output
under ideal conditions, which is useless for assessing real power
generation.  Please see the following Wikipedia links:
So, we can see capacity factor is the max output (Wp) divided by actual
output, meaning that if we only have the capacity factor and the max output
we should be able to multiply them to determine rough actual output.  I'll
do a quick example.
Look at the capacity factor of the world's largest PV power plants, shown in
the table on this page: Let's use the Waldpolenz Solar Park that uses newer "thin film" PV, like the
cells Nanosolar offers.  Notice how the values are given in DC MW.  To be
more precise, that should be MWp--peak output, not actual.  (Let's assume
the loss from converting DC to AC was included in the capacity factor to
make things easy.)
So, we do the math to determine actual output: 40 * .11 = 4.4 actual MW.
Convert to MWh per year: 4.4 MW * hours in a year (8766) = 38570.4 MWh.
Fact-check the table with that, and we see it's close: 38.5704 GWh/year
compared to 40 GWh/year.
As a rule of thumb, to find Nanosolar's thin-film cell cost per actual watt
output, divide cost per "watt"(Wp) by .11.*  .12 if you're feeling
generous.  Thus, $.30 per Wp actually costs $2.73 per W, or $2727 for a
setup that produces 1 kW on average.
The difference between MWp and actual MW output is the first vital
consideration when looking at solar claims.  The second is probably more
obvious: inherently variable solar (and wind) can't be used to replace
baseload plants like fossil fuel, nuclear, hydro, wood, geothermal, and
OTEC.  While nuclear capacity factors can be steadily improved--and have
been--it's hard to make many gains with solar and wind.  Fission and
combustion are far more steady than the weather.

@_date: 2009-06-16 17:02:06
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Dual Licensing of Research in Renewable 
First, I look at the reason why a proposal is being made--the problem it
sets out to solve.  I'm glad you explicitly state this, because so often
readers are left to assume.  You say, "The current energy, environmental,
and economic crises all have roots dating back to the 1970s (even further in
fact), and thus far, neither free-market nor government solutions have
brought us out of this quagmire."
I'm skeptical that this frames a problem in a meaningful way. The crises and
failed solutions are vague. Which problem are you hoping to solve?  How do
you know it's a root problem, and not a symptom of something else?
Continuing, you do give a general answer of the proposal's goal: "bring
renewable energy solutions to market." This implies that the problem you
see, and are trying to solve, is that we don't have enough or good enough
renewable energy solutions.  Again, I'm skeptical that this follows from
your statement about the "quagmire."  Also, I'm left wondering, what are the
criteria for the quagmire being resolved?  Energy consumption will continue
to increase until the cost of energy rises enough to reduce consumption.
Implicit is the assumption that renewable energy can solve your stated
problem.  Plenty of people make this assumption, but I've yet to see
convincing evidence.  There are no guarantees focused R&D will solve
problems, particularly when breakthroughs are needed for viability.
You also say "The goal is not to prove that this model is or isn?t viable
(although I hope that it is). Rather my goal is to accumulate the skills
necessary to make even more substantive contributions in the future."  I
like this real goal, it's mine as well.  However, to accumulate skills for
more substantive contributions, you need to assess the viability of your
proposal--how else can the skills be built?
I'll now leave my critique of your premise for the proposal, and assume that
the purpose follows rationally from the problem, so we can look at the
economics of your proposal.
Michel asks if we need royalties, and includes some good points.  I'll be
covering similar ground, from a different angle.  If you included royalties,
you had a reason, so let's question it.  My question: what are the economic
implications of royalties in this situation?  I'll answer this with a few
1. The point of having information in the commons is not just more eyes, but
also production at the lowest possible cost--in economics terms, the lowest
possible barriers to entry.  Crowdsourcing for private profit isn't new, and
doesn't fall under the general definition of p2p used by the p2pf.
2. Looking at the implicit reasoning behind the proposal, the ends
(renewable energy tech) are being used to justify the means (locking up
production with a royalty scheme).  The ends aren't worth the means, and I
don't know of any strong evidence that such a scheme would result in more
renewable energy innovation than making all IP part of an information
commons that actually lowers barriers to entry for producers.  In this
proposal, the barriers to entry for innovation are raised implicitly--an
innovator must add in royalty costs when producing derivative products.
3. The monitoring and enforcement infrastructure required to ensure rent
collection raises costs, for sure.  The public inevitably pays these costs
in one way or another.
Now, to revisit the concept of p2p.  All nonrival goods creation supported
by peer effort or money should be part of an accessible information commons,
if not also licensed in a GPLish way, i.e. "source" such as research data
should be made available (disclosing data should be a norm for studies now
anyway), and further derivative works--if applicable--must fall under the
same license.  All peers must be able to produce, using information in the
commons for free, to achieve the lowest possible barrier to entry.

@_date: 2009-06-17 15:57:49
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Open Source Design Hydrogen Car 
Did you notice:
"The lightweight Smart car-size vehicle uses hydrogen in a modest 6kW fuel
cell, and ? in the case of this prototype ? uses hydrogen converted from
natural gas. Hydrogen can also be created from water using electrolysis and
potentially even from bio-fuels."
Heh, talk about inefficient fuel production.  Quick impressions.
Natural gas reformation to hydrogen captures more energy than using
combustion to generate power, I believe.  If you have to use nat gas, not a
bad way to go, but you're still using a fossil fuel, still generating a
bunch of CO2.  Plans have been to pump the CO2 into the ground. No one's
sure how easy it is to contain that volume of gas, and if it suddenly
erupts, you suffocate everyone around it, like the Lake Nyos incident.
Electrolysis is wasteful, although high temp is isn't bad.  Need a lot of
heat, and the best way to do that is Gen IV nuclear plants, online around
Biofuels into hydrogen. Sure, you can use biofuels or ethanol to make H,
which also produces CO, CO2, and methane.  Plus you need the biol feedstock
to make the fuel, which uses fertilizer from nat gas plants.  Biofuel as a
mainstream solution has been debunked over and over, and even by the guy who
won the nobel for photosynthesis research.
Just give the car plug-in batteries until the hydrogen tech's there; it's
meant to be a city vehicle.  If the bike-modders going from gas to electric
get their hands on the open source designs, we may see the car industry
collapse even more rapidly.  Here's hoping these people are serious about
open source being free as in beer, as the article states.

@_date: 2009-06-22 14:57:23
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
Ryan, I can't find much to agree with in the email thread, but wanted to
comment regarding Stallman:
First, Stallman usually does not comment on "intellectual property" outside
of software patents and copyright.  On occasion he makes general statements,
but we should consider his perspectives about other areas "loose," while his
perspectives on software are quite focused.
Second, this statement is unclear, if not incorrect: "He suggests that
anyone should be able to be paid so long as the borders and boundaries they
create are not destructive."  In this context "should be able to be paid"
suggests some sort of obligation others have to the creator, or idealistic
scenario.  Stallman says nothing about being "able to be paid," only asking
to be paid, wanting to be paid, and wanting to maximize income; an important
distinction.  Again, this is within the explicit context of programming.
Third, since Stallman's statement was offered in the context of programming,
your statements about rival goods and services such as universities, eating
and sleeping, and so on, are outside the scope of his comment.
Fourth, Stallman's software philosophy is fairly simple and consistent:
people should be free to share and use software.  Since others disagree, and
possess the legal means to exclude, Stallman created a legal wrapper to
apply his philosophy to all software he writes by securing the freedom to
use and share that software.  He strongly encourages everyone to consider
his philosophy of software freedom, and use the legal tools created to
secure that freedom, whether user or programmer.
To accuse Stallman of "nihilism" should be a huge red flag indicating
hyperbole.  Stallman is the father of P2P software production, with very
clear and outspoken P2P values of voluntary contribution and software
commons-safeguarding.  He put his labor where his mouth was, and continues
to do so, with significant results.

@_date: 2009-06-22 18:06:47
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
Ryan, I have not seen those definitions of rivalry before, nor do I know of
any literature that would support them.  Goods are, by nature, rival or
nonrival.  You should have looked this up and fact-checked it.
See the following economic papers:
Simply put, classifying a good as rival or nonrival depends upon whether
consumption or use of the good prevents simultaneous consumption or use of
the good by another.  You are confusing excludability with rivalry.
Information as a "good" is not rival, even if someone claims it private
(they can claim whatever they like).  Information can be used with no
rivalry.  Stallman was speaking of software.  Information--a subset being
software--is very clearly a non-rival good by definition.
As for my own perspective: the divide between unenforceable and untenable
claims of rivalry, and the reality of information nonrivalry, underlies the
losing battle of copyrighted media "piracy." Legally establishing nonrival
goods as rival goods only creates more dissonance.  The term "intellectual
property" attempts to beg the question by classifying information as both
private property and rival, but information is no more rival property than
"creation science" is science.  "Private" information not released in some
way is still a nonrival good, but is being excluded.
Your points about Stallman were scattered, and in my view, incorrect.  The
implicit lie about rivalry at the core of most "intellectual property"
claims couldn't be more relevant to P2P.
Property laws consider the rivalrous/nonrivalrous nature of a good when
determining the entitlements they establish.  Any reading on the
jurisprudence behind property rights, whether Romer or Epstein, consider
both rivalry and excludability, among other important factors.

@_date: 2009-06-24 15:10:29
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [Open Manufacturing] Addressing Post-Scarcity 
Eugen, three points:
1) Negawatts are effectively nonsense because of the Jevons paradox.
Bradish challenged Lovins to offer evidence against the Jevons paradox for
power use, and it's never appeared.  The same challenge goes for anyone
mentioning negawatts.  Increasing efficiency lowers relative cost but tends
to increase consumption (rebound effect).  It happens with coal, gasoline,
and electricity, to name a few.
2) Your claims of current PV viability "across the scale" included no
supporting data, and, having looked at the data for solar, I do not believe
them.  Solar cannot be used for baseload power, generally stated to be
30-40% of consumption over the year.  Seems reasonable given use graphs I've
seen.  Solar generates very little power per sq km, and efficiency gains in
the technology cannot make up for variable weather, which is a ceiling the
technology can never break.  Storage options attempt to get around this, but
are incredibly expensive.  The same applies to wind, although wind can
produce more power per footprint (carbon or land) than solar.
3) Kevin's point on industry power stands.  Industry power needs are
everyone's problem.  They're a part of the global socioeconomic system, and
I see no evidence suggesting that will change in the years ahead.
Reduced demand cannot be achieved through efficiency.  See above regarding
negawatts.  Crunch the numbers, look at the literature, particularly more
recent discussions of the Khazzoom-Brookes postulate.  Energy economists are
trying to figure out what the hell to do without having efforts politically
Lately you've made increasingly extraordinary claims, which require
extraordinary evidence.  Where are the data supporting efficiency gains of
80%?  Surely you can understand my skepticism, particularly when the
statement is so general.  Renovating cities isn't free: consider the power
cost to do so in diesel alone.  Even if the Jevons paradox somehow didn't
apply, how much energy would be required to renovate US infrastructure to
reduce consumption by 80%?  Now consider material and labor costs.  Now
consider transaction costs of renegotiating property laws and rights,
municipality by municipality.
The only solution direction I see is an increasing transition to taxing
resource use, built into the socioeconomic system, and thus most of my
research since mid-2008 has focused on mapping that concept space with the
insights of behavioral economics.  Governance structures must include
mechanisms to adjust for these externalities, but when they do, they're
likely to be out-competed by entities that ignore those mechanisms.

@_date: 2009-06-29 19:10:18
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Historical anti-materialism 
Ryan, concerning rivalry:
Thank you for noting your error, which I consider a rare and noble action.
I don't know where the specific terms related to rivalry came from (I'm sure
they predate Austrians), but I encountered them when reading the
jurisprudence underlying "intellectual property."
Both the nature of a good, and the technologies currently involving it, are
clear inputs for reasoning about property rights, law, governance, and
socioeconomics.  Investigating the roots of modern IP law takes us to an
economic argument, and assessing that argument carries significant
implications for future laws or principles in any number of national and
non-national contractual agreements and legal systems, including p2p
structures.  Lowering barriers to entry created by IP law also increase the
possibility of p2p production for information goods--another relevant topic.
Concerning Austrians and my current viewpoint:
I'm not of the Austrian school, nor any economic school, and I'm surprised
(truly, literally surprised) anything I've said seems close to the Austrian
school. I have read very little Austrian literature, because their
foundational approach of "praxeology" seems like pseudo-deduction, so I see
no usefulness in it.  While Austrians may have a strong--or at least,
vocal--presence on the internet, I don't find they or their perspectives
appear much in the literature I read.  I suspect Austrian perspectives are
absent because they eschew science.
If I'm to be labeled anything, label me a cross-discipline behavioral
Concerning p2p research:
The problem with p2p research is the problem with just about everything
involving discourse intended to explore or solve problems: our tendency to
search for or interpret new information that confirms our preconceptions,
and to irrationally avoid information and interpretations of information
that contradict our prior beliefs.  Association is the default, and rational
discourse does not exist as a norm, but as a hard struggle, always uphill.
The more a person is focused on defeating or championing a side--rather than
exploring an issue, or focusing on solving a problem--the more "rational"
arguments are just rationalized backfill from an ideological position.
When someone presents and argument and makes claims, they should be able to
informally qualify their premises and priors.  They should want to show
their weak spots so that they can be sure their argument is valid, and not
just strong rhetorically, or the song the choir wants to hear.  This sort of
rational exploration requires fair play, because otherwise, a person will be
rhetorically taken advantage of in discussion by those with hardened
Political uses of terms and technical terms (Marxism, capitalism) are too
often equivocated.  Whereas the concept of an "apple" is pretty clear, the
concept of "capitalism" is nearly meaningless--at best, a beast of
smoke--unless someone like Dmytri Kleiner submits his technical definition
for consideration. Conversations started without confirming terms tend to
become (smoky) wild-goose chases.

@_date: 2009-03-17 00:34:11
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] discussing money on ning 
Since I have a little knowledge, I'll throw out a few comments.
Regarding the "big names," or players, many of them have in the past,
and continue to talk to one another in the present, on occasion.  They
"run into" one another on the internet and at actual functions.  Most
are aware of each other, the internet is not such a vast place.  Some
keep tabs.  Many are quite busy.
A few harsh realities to consider:
1. Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.  I may not see a
lot of action on some front, but that doesn't mean there isn't any, it
just means I don't see it.  In a financial crisis of this magnitude,
money and monetary policy are getting much more attention than
"normal," both by the mainstream and the fringe.  The less we know
about the players, the more we should consider that we wouldn't be
seeing the action.
2. Confirmation bias.  People tend to think they are right and others
are wrong, even when they are very open-minded and go to significant
effort not to be biased.
3. They may identify different needs based on philosophical
differences, therefore they're not likely to agree on the common
infrastructure.  This isn't necessarily bad, because innovations are
less likely when you put all of your eggs in one basket.  I don't
think any of the baskets so far have been seen as egg-worthy by
everyone else.  LETS is the closest, but it's been around quite a
while.  And to follow with that line of thought...
4. Maybe technology isn't the problem.  Maybe lack of adoption of
certain methods in certain areas is the result of other forces,
including flaws in the methods that aren't obvious.  Therefore, maybe
technology isn't the solution, either.  Many in this list are very
technology-focused, so we all need to check ourselves regularly for
this mistake.
4. According to Dee Hock's telling, what became VISA assembled because
all the banks were in deep, deep shit.  They all had a very vested
interest in saving their collective asses, and a lot at stake.  This
may seem comparable to the current concept of "the world is at stake,"
but I'd argue it's not, because individually, these people don't have
so much at stake.  The pressure to agree is little, and the personal
pressure to stick to their ideology and solution set is much greater.
5. I think an OpenVISA-style project is cart-before-the-horse if it
doesn't evolve with point-of-sale and other exchange systems.  Michael
Linton has attempted inroads here in several places, including this
very town, with the help of a fellow named Alan Rosenblith, and that
seems to have been abandoned at this point.  Only a month or two ago,
another person from this very area contacted the list about a similar
project, and he had been in contact with Linton, too.  People have
been trying things, all over the place, and continue to do so.
6. Psychologically, money is a very anxiety-ridden subject, and that's
not going to change any time soon.  In anxiety-ridden subjects, and
ones entangled with hardened belief systems, pushing hard doesn't get
you anywhere.  Even though people that see themselves as
money-enlightened think they can liberate others with knowledge,
they're preaching to the choir only.  "If only they saw the truth,
they'd change" is a very common misconception.  It's also very easy to
agree on a perceived problem, but have completely at-odds solutions.
It's the norm.
Particularly on the psychology mentioned in the last one, the Unmoney
Convergence I went to last year spun me around a bit and had me
questioning my assumptions about motivation and change.  The
psychologist in me knew, scientifically, some assumptions needed to be
questioned, but another part of me was also the common "if only they
saw the truth!"
Forgive me for this binary exploration, but I want to really highlight
a distinction.  People change behavior, and social systems, in two
situations: crisis, and play.  The first is usually uncomfortable and
anxiety-ridden, and leads to hasty, extreme choices, and disastrous
results.  The second is far more comfortable, gentle, and fun, leads
to smaller evolutionary steps with more feedback in between, and
results in more progressive changes.  We are much more aware of change
exploding from crisis than gradual increments of change through play.
Culture generally favors the crisis narrative, and it's not surprising
human become more alert to the importance of crisis than play.
The difference between the two is really the amount of anxiety and
pressure on the person to change, and how their behavior and beliefs
are affected. If we want reason to help guide change, we must operate
on the periphery of belief.  That periphery is best explored through
play, and is impossible to explore with crisis.
The implication of this distinction: most everyone, including experts,
are wrong about how to bring about effective, progressive change.  I
reserve the right to waffle a bit on this, but I think this challenge
is worth considering precisely because this belief in crisis-driven
change is so common and culturally-embedded.
To bring this about full-circle to the original topic, I think there
are plenty of example of play-driven change we may need to take a
fresh look at with a different perspective.  One is Facebook.  Another
is the QQ Coin:
Something to consider.  Also, thanks to whoever rescued the research
list, I missed that development.

@_date: 2009-05-13 21:59:01
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
Looks like I didn't CC the list with my reply.  See below.
I found the problem: not questioning the absolutely obvious.  Happens
to the best of us.

@_date: 2009-05-14 01:03:53
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
It was both a joke and critique of the whole thing, and of all of us.
The frustration with differences in the absolutely obvious.  Stefan
makes assumptions about what money is and how it works, but so does
everyone else.  It's hard to dissect.  The different Marxist flavors
certainly keep me on my toes.
However, I was also thinking he had never replied to my reply to the
original apples and moonfruits discussion.  I figured he was just
tired of the thread.  Well, the joke is one me: he never got it.  I
didn't cross-post my reply (because I strongly dislike doing so), and
he wasn't on the CC list, and he must not be on the p2p research list.
I have a lot of trouble keeping up with the lists, so I can sympathize
with Stefan wanting to try to focus his own list, although I also
sympathize with frustration at his rather pointed terminology.
Stefan, here's the link, if you're curious:

@_date: 2009-05-18 01:13:18
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
I know you're not saying this, but I want to put this question out
there: if we don't have equitable ownership norms or standards or laws
or rights, why would we expect money or finance to be fair?  How could
we even tell if it was?
To get a modern Marxist take on intellectual property, read the
venture communist himself, Dmytri Kleiner:
He proposes copyfarleft, and briefly describes its proposed purpose,
but does not say how to actually do it.  Why?  He probably thinks it
can be done, but isn't sure how.  On the other hand, I don't think
it's the slightest bit feasible, which is part of the reason it's
never gone anywhere: it can't be done.  No question it's consistently
and undeniably Marxist--his recommendation logical extension of
Marxist thought and strategy.
In my view, Marx saw the symptoms and part of the root problem in the
inequity of property, and the capturing of value using rent, but as so
many others, his proposed solutions don't work with human beings.
Neither do the proposed solutions of people who model human beings
using rational choice theory.  Complex systems are hard, so theorists
use simplified models.  Unfortunately, those simplified models are
often used to inform or create policy.
Christian has a book that covers his proposed "peerconomy."  If you
haven't read it, you can check it out here:
He has Stefan's review here:
It doesn't include my critiques, although I'm not sure why.  Stefan's
criticisms were independently conceived of mine, but cover much the
same ground I did with my original critical engagement (written a bit
before Stefan's), most of which is linked here:
and further here:
Andreas and Christian were right to critique you dismissing Marx's
body of theoretical work because of "Marxist" political
implementations.  Further, even if his recommendations were awful--and
I'd argue that the manifesto's Conditions For Transition To Communism
qualify, although I will not presently engage in that debate--you're
still committing an ad hominem fallacy: who he is and what he
recommended does not invalidate his critique.  It might be good to at
least acknowledge that.
If I were to include the valid criticisms Marx had into a modern
critique, I would re-label the inequity (not exactly inequality, but
unfairness and forced dis-ownership) as "commons capture."  That is
essentially what Kleiner describes in his critique of intellectual
property, and it's also what Stallman describes.  Shared global and
cultural resources are being captured through the socioeconomic system
in place.  Stallman created a feasible defensive tactic against future
software capture with the GPL, whereas Kleiner says that isn't good
enough, and proposes an offensive one.
I would classify Muhammad Yunus' Grameen Danone project as an
under-the-radar attempt at using capitalistic finance to give more
control to communities.  Capital was borrowed, paid back with
interest, and yet ownership at the end was in the hands of the
community, as were future earnings from Grameen Danone.

@_date: 2009-05-18 20:58:18
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] labour, capital and p2p 
I agree it's not classically Marxist, but I didn't say it was.  It
fits in what I think "evolved-to-modern-times" Marxism is, which I
tend to think Kleiner embodies.  I won't debate labeling any further
because I'm not sure it would add anything--if Kevin wants to clarify
whether or not copyfarleft is more mutualist than marxist, he can.  On
to the meat!
I partially agree that copyfarleft has the "problem" you identify, but
of course Kleiner would not call it a problem.  Obviously, it's quite
deliberate.  It creates an opt-in structure for the commons, which is
both closing it, but also not--it's a legal membrane that requires
agreeing to a particular perspective of commons management in order to
reap the benefits of the commons.  The GPL does this too. The
important difference with the GPL is the the high of the barrier to
entry--the options you give up to reap the rewards.*
Kleiner wants an opt-in system with strong pressure to opt-in for full
benefits, versus the opt-in GPL with very weak pressure to opt-in for
full benefits.  The GPL has a very low barrier to entry to get full
benefits, whereas the copyfarleft, if it could exist, has a high
barrier to entry.  Ironically, what Kleiner sees as copyleft's
weakness is also its strength, and why it has lasted and grown.  You
need all that capitalist free-riding to help propagate it.
*Of course, the other problem--and another important difference
between copyfarleft and copyleft--is monitoring and enforcement, much
like it is now with anything related to intellectual property.  That
problem is a result of a design, but not one of Kleiner's intention.
As a thought experiment, I find copyfarleft insightful, because it
couldn't work or restrict any better than copyright does now.
Opt-in structures with strong opt-in pressures shouldn't be abandoned
tactically, though.  The rule of thumb: strong exclusion attempts fail
miserably with easily-transmitted nonrival goods.  Kleiner was showing
precisely this recently with deadswap.  Strong exclusion works quite a
bit better with rival goods, although that still varies by
"exclusionability."  As always, see the work of Ostrom et al. on
common-pool resource management.  (If I had a sig, that should
probably be it.)

@_date: 2009-05-18 22:04:06
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: [ox-en] No more money trickery propaganda 
I've posted on related matters of how money works, from a basic
conceptual viewpoint, because of misunderstandings in the past.  See
Feel free to make derivatives from pieces of it, if it's useful at all.
It's hard to explain that money is inherently trust of the people in
the "money network"--trust in their solvency in meeting obligations as
commonly valued, and trust in the liquidity of good and services
within that network.  It's even harder to go from that to Hocus
pocus!!! that trust is now given form by Federal Reserve Notes and
bits in the global financial system.
Which, of course, pretty much all of society and the media paints as a
commodity.  Even we do sometimes, in our language: you said "stored."
I think the use of words like "stored," is still a bit misleading, but
that's a minor quibble.
Kevin and I don't disagree much on foundational descriptions of
concepts like credit.

@_date: 2009-11-01 16:06:49
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The psychopath as peer? 
Due to controversy and overlaps between clinial tools, such as the DMS-IV,
it's hard to cut through the "popular science" fluff and find the meat in
most work on these subjects.  For example, measures of "psychopathy" are
used for research only, and are not in any way clinical diagnoses of
anti-social personality disorder (ASPD).   While psychopathy and ASPD are
correlated, only a fraction of prisoners diagnosed with ASPD meet the PCL-R
criteria for psychopathy.  In fact, ASPD is almost synonymous with "someone
in the US prison system" (around 80% of US prisoners are ASPD) and given the
disproportionately large prisoner population in the US, there's a really
fishy smell to the whole business.  It's important to keep this in mind when
reviewing research articles written for the public that touch on either.
While I'm not discounting the PCL-R, I have grave doubts about it
representing a distinct taxonomic group.  It's factor 1 and factor 2 measure
very different things.  I've run across studies where one of the factors
will correlate strongly with some behavior, but the other will not.
My warning, as someone that actually studied psychology--and still does--is
take it all with a salt-shaker of salt.  This tends to be good advice across
the behavioral sciences in general.
Paul, at some point you said "Some may be genetic too," but the study you
pointed to only tested for neural activation.  Neural activation does NOT
mean genetic evidence.

@_date: 2009-11-02 12:34:18
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The psychopath as peer? 
I do appreciate your enthusiasm, and I appreciate the very broad scope and
fuzzy nature of the p2p research group, but it's nearly impossible to
explore issues deeply with these sorts of threads.  I consider these large,
mostly digressive link-flood replies to be hand-waving that obfuscates any
attempt at concise and possibly insightful discussion about issues.
It might be worthwhile to consider using a blog for these long, digressive,
almost stream-of-consciousness emails, while using the p2p research list to
explore one or two very closely-related points in-depth.  Until something
like that happens, I will have to bow out of replying to these sorts of
I only include the list on the reply so that anyone else who feels similarly
will know they are not alone.  If I am in the extreme minority, that's fine

@_date: 2009-11-03 13:55:36
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The psychopath as peer? 
To clarify, I was not suggesting any sort of policing.  I was offering
feedback only.
In the case of my original reply to this thread, I was correcting a
significant error, and suggesting the whole "clinical concept" of
psychopathy be taken with a shaker of salt.  I only offered that because I
was familiar with the topic area, and feel that attempting to place
"psychopathy" into the context of p2p interaction and peer production
generates heat but no light.  I usually consider my replies as a way to
flesh out sides of an issue not represented, to challenge assumptions, or
provide domain knowledge that may be counter-intuitive.
To me, it's not as much depth, but the conciseness issue that matters for
email. I'm not sure what Ning offers over email for discussion of p2p
research, other than not filling inboxes--maybe that's good enough for
many.  I don't visit the p2p ning very often. The the p2p research list
being more general than the p2p ning community seems rather
scope-backwards.  However, if it's evolved that way, so be it: the
relationships and channel of communications between the members is more
important and valuable than the original name of the list or community.  I
tend to think that while people pretend groups are organized by topic, they
ultimate become organized by community with shared interests, which matters
far more.
Conciseness really comes down to the signals people want from the list, and
how much noise they can handle in their email box (number of emails) and in
the email bodies themselves (body text of emails).  Notice, I'm not saying
what's signal versus noise--that's a personal judgement, although the
farther we get into extremes, the more people will agree.
While links are certainly concise in the body text, I tend to use RSS reader
aggregation to glance through those.  Out of my 1000+ unread p2p research
list emails, a lot are probably links.  My p2p research "box" is sort of
like an RSS reader in that way.
The body of emails being a shotgun commentary + link-flood is far harder to
deal with.  The technology, in my mind, for shotgun commentaries is the
blog.  Emails are "pushed" to my attention, whereas I can "pull" from a blog
when I choose.  Conceptually, emails are more of a conversation, and in
terms of dicussion about topics, more like being in a conference room.  I'm
not sure shotgun commentaries have a meatspace analog.

@_date: 2009-11-04 12:54:41
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The psychopath as peer? (redirecting to other 
I didn't realize the thread had undergone more branching. My reply to Michel
in the psychopathy email covers most of the points I would include as a
reply to this.  You are correct about me referring to your own personal
blog.  Posterous is certainly the easiest when it comes to email-to-blog
Technology cannot solve all difficulties in organizing and providing
perspective on a body of information, nor all problems in inter-personal
communication.  Sometimes, the remedy is old-fashioned discipline in
presenting a viewpoint or mental model as concisely as possible.
Many of us probably want "a better stigmergic platform than wikis or emails
or web forums or Google Wave for creating public interlinked knowledge
covering a wide variety of interrelated topics from a wide variety of
perspectives, especially one that is interlinked with things like real time
data acquisition, simulations, and digitized historical records."  However,
by definition, email is not that platform (if it can even exist), and trying
to use email for something beyond its basic strengths invites a lot of
I appreciate the desire to have a version history of assumptions, concepts,
and thoughts surrounding a topic.  I actually think it's doable, using
semantic metadata with a starting database of something like Wikipedia or
Zotero.  For example, in my research, I've envisioned an "assumption map"
that links models with their assumptions, and acts as a sort of key for the
jargon of various disciplines in the behavioral sciences.  I expect someone
is already working on something similar to connect assumptions.
Although I like brevity, I like concision more.  Depending on the
dictionary, they are almost synonymous, but I see brevity as focusing on
being brief, and concision expressing a concept or closely-related group of
concepts clearly in a very tight way.  An email on a complex topic may not
be brief even though it's concise.  I certainly lay no claim to skill in
this area, although I work at it.
The obsolescence of RSS seems greatly exaggerated.   Scoble is no stranger
to hyperbole, and he's mostly a tech news junkie.  My RSS is mostly
research-based, and I'm not sure how I would be better served by, say,
Eurekalert tweeting all the time.  I can prioritize what I look at first,
and what I skip, by the reputation of the site and the feed.  I could
probably do that with twitter with the right client and the right settings,
but why bother?  Both could be better, but can't they always?
When it comes to proprietary software, services, and products, people have
to vote with their use, their dollar, and their voice.  Consider them
signals broadcast from a potential market.  You use "corporatist" and
"capitalism" and yet I really am not sure what they are supposed to mean.
Anyway, that's a different conversation, but a good example of what I meant
by brevity versus concision.

@_date: 2009-11-06 14:54:18
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
I'm not singling Ryan out, I just happen to be replying to him.  Everyone is
throwing around terms and I'm not seeing much agreement on what they mean.
For example, do Ryan mean "Michel Bauwens P2P?"  What is "strong P2P
mentality?"  It is as if we are arguing about pornography with the implicit
assumption that we know pornography when we see it.  I'm not so sure we do!
If we are talking about morality, then we must go further and ask
fundamental questions about social justice.
Thus, evaluating social justice becomes a tool to judge whether taxes are a
root issue, or a symptom of social injustice.  Perhaps they are a red
herring.  Perhaps "markets" are a red herring.
Everyone can probably guess one of the core concepts, if not the core
concept, for determining the extent of social justice in a socioeconomic
system: equity.
I will branch, as a separate email, a brief summary of my perspective on
applying social justice and ethics to socioeconomic issues.

@_date: 2009-11-06 16:23:28
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
J. Andrew Rogers,
I agree with most of what you say, and think Michel is being a bit too free
in making assumptions about your position.   I do have a few points of
contention with your reply.  Forgive the length, I will try to be concise.
First, the economics of R&D from basic to applied, along with gains in
productivity and earnings, do not seem to be well understood or agreed-upon
at all.  I recall a recent Science magazine podcast interview with Julia
Lane, Program Director of the Science of Science and Innovation Policy
(SciSIP) of the NSF.  The June 5th show.  Here is an an excerpt from the
Robert Frederick: Is there any consensus on how to calculate the return on
investment when the investment is in scientific research?
Julia Lane: No.
Robert Frederick: Does that go for basic, translational, and applied
scientific research?
Julia Lane: Yes. In other words, there is no consensus. I think there?s an
evolving set of approaches, but it?s still very much at the early stages. I
imagine it?s kind of at the stage ? if you were a life scientist we?re kind
of at the Charles Darwin stage.
As the program director, I suspect she has a pretty good view of the big
picture, so I'm inclined to believe her basic conclusion of uncertainty
about it all.  In attempting to review the literature I came to the same
Discussing "value," as in research that creates "relatively little value,"
you are mostly referring to "monetized value."  How else does one measure
the aggregate output results?  There's no easier measuring stick, but
obviously the inability to measure the positive externalities causes huge
omissions when assessing "value," versus directly "monetized value" via
business.  You later say that some government-funded research is "valuable"
because it wouldn't otherwise be done.  I agree, but you can see the problem
with different uses of the term "value."
The problem with "value" highlights a problem in your use of phrases like
"highly productive."  Overall, the productivity is unclear.  Obviously, a
company finding a solution--or likely solution--from the research pool is
likely quite productive for them specifically.  That provides no insight
into the pool, however, unless we assume companies can somehow "drive" R&D
progress toward solutions to some extent.  I am skeptical of that view (not
saying it's yours), and don't know of any solid evidence backs it up.  I
suppose it's a sort of seed-versus-nuture argument.  A sprout may appear,
and grow vigorously with water and sun, but that doesn't mean a lot of water
and sun on a spot with no seed will make a sprout appear.
The second major point of contention is related to the above. You mention
the lack of innovation in Web 2.0, and that it's mostly a phenomenon of
cheap bandwith.  However, I don't see how using cheap bandwidth in new ways
isn't innovation.  Perhaps what "innovation" means needs to be clarified,
but I only want to submit that you are being too exclusionary in your
analysis.  If new networks of communication sprout from general creativity
and cheap bandwith, and are used by thousands, or even millions, of people,
we can reasonably assume the socioeconomic impact is tremendous.  We may not
know what that impact is, or how to measure it, or even if it's all
"positive," but it's there.
To clarify with some adhoc terms, technological innovation may be the
solving of major technical problems, but what about sociotechnological
innovation that enables users to communicate more, or more efficiently, or
lowers the barriers to entry for new users?  These effects cannot be left
out, even if they are hard to measure.  Is making a technology more
"adoptable" applied R&D?  Is it just "development?"  Semantics, but
necessary ones.

@_date: 2009-11-07 01:46:27
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances 
Depending on how familiar you are with game theory, may I suggest Herbert
Gintis' newest work, The Bounds of Reason, which begins unifying the
behavioral sciences using game theory as part of the glue, with the book as
a sort of first Rosetta stone.  If you are not "up to snuff" on game theory,
I would suggest Gintis' Game Theory Evolving.  I would also suggest looking
at his faculty page, which contains a lot of free access papers.  Beware, I
have found some typos in The Bounds of Reason, but Gintis uses the Amazon
forums on his books for errata for his books, and sometimes supplementary
Samuel Bowles is a frequent co-author of his, and co-authored the paper on
intergenerational wealth Ryan recently linked from Science Magazine.  He has
made a number of contributions worth perusing.
Colin Camerer is another prolific author intersecting the realms of
behavioral game theory and neuroeconomics.  His faculty page also contains a
lot of papers.
I have not brought any of this up because 1) I am working on being "up to
snuff" myself, so I could badly misrepresent it; and 2) it seemed too hard
science and math for conversations in the list.
I have little knowledge of complex adaptive systems yet either, although I
do have Miller and Page's Complex Adaptive Systems: An Introduction to
Computational Models of Social Life.  It's endorsed on the back by Kenneth
Arrow, Samuel Bowles, and Elinor Ostrom.
I'll leave you with that for now, and sleep.

@_date: 2009-11-07 12:14:24
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] is the mind a computer 
The quote I singled out at the bottom of this email is laughable to anyone
who's passingly familiar with cognitive science.  The rest is equally
laughable, but I picked out that single quote because it seems to defy even
common sense.  This fellow does not understand evolution or cognitive
science at all.
Finding someone on the internet that disagrees with a conclusion is just
exercising confirmation bias.  If you don't know if the author's correct,
then you're not making an argument.  One can find internet fertilizer for
any viewpoint or counter-viewpoint, no matter how absurd or ignorant.
A computer just manipulates information according to some set of
instructions.  I don't see how the brain doing that is controversial or even
remarkable in 2009.  If we're going to compare it to a modern PC, that's
something else altogether.  I also don't see anyone in the list with the
expertise to have a thorough discussion about the nuts and bolts, or
perhaps, neurons and dendrites.  It also seems way, way outside the scope of
the list.
Cherry-picking links to create an air of controversy, particularly when you
are not willing to explore and understand the concept in depth, is
irresponsible and inappropriate for reasonable discussion.

@_date: 2009-11-07 12:41:29
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
This needs to stop.  Period.
I am offended you would quote some anonymous source as some sort of
authority, weaving it into a quick hit-piece.
You do not understand what Andrew is saying in nearly every email, and he
attempts to tell you that, but you will not listen.    Although I have a few
very minor quibbles with what he said, all he said is not controversial to
me, with my limited knowledge of cognitive science.
If you know another cognitive scientist, let him or her join the discussion
reasonably with full visibility.  So much for honest debate...

@_date: 2009-11-08 01:50:10
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Building Alliances (basic income and 
Actually, I erred in my reading of your post.  I thought the block of text
between "I"m really sorry. . . " and ". . . certainties." was a
behind-the-scenes email quote from a scientist you had emailed about the
topic, and that you were "forwarding" that quote block.  In reality, you are
the author, and there is no anonymous author.  I did read the email several
times, but I made that mistake each time, because Setzer was quoted in
another email thread entirely. (No, I wasn't emailing drunk, although I was
Please accept my apologies for that major error.
I still feel the paragraph was a hit-piece, because it portrays Andrew as
some sort of villain.  I also think that most of the "replies" to Andrew
were becoming thinly-veiled personal attacks with no constructive argument.
Basically, I've been uncomfortable the whole time.  And so, I spoke up.
A break is always good, from time to time.

@_date: 2009-11-19 01:43:09
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] The one thing depleting faster than oil is the 
It's currently on my list, with small bites already in motion.
I'm talking to some farmers here--that produce the best product to be found
in the entire Portland Metro area--about me and a few others doing some
part-time documenting of the farmers' knowledge and practices (and problems,
of course), and building a regional pool of content from soil to table.
FLOS, of course, so that everyone may benefit, and as painless as possible
for the farmers.
The biggest problem for entrant farmers is land and after that, water.
Would-be farmers can't get land, and the banks won't provide a loan for a
farm.  We need some sort of equity-based agrifinance, with a sizable pool.
Maybe I should go to every food-crisis movie and Michael Pollan reading and
take pledges while people are incensed, but I don't think it would be
The complexities of agricultural economics dovetail with urban economics and
urban planning.  Portland is pursuing new policies, such as not extending
the urban growth boundary, and having "rural reserves" made from the best
farmland. Reduces the speculation concerns, and there's plenty of usable
commercial and industrial land inside the boundary.  Rural reserves are a
good step, but young and capable hands just don't have the capital to get
started on that land.
A city is the only place to pool the capital and provide the market for the
goods raised.  Ken Meter might not agree, but I'm pretty sure Ed Glaeser
would.  The West Coast has a powerful agriculture and food scene in Seattle,
Portland, and Bay Area.  I'm pretty sure Portland is the place to make an
epicenter, and it's not just because I like the place.  We need some sort of
FLOS-y-combinator that can create a giant capital pool from nodes of
capital, and the educational opportunities to draw and nuture human skill.
Those of us on the West Coast should consider some cross-mojo-nation on
these issues.  Meanwhile, I'll continue to take small bites.

@_date: 2009-10-12 11:01:31
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: Ostrom wins Nobel! 
Made my day, for sure.  She was at the top of my list.  I noticed, while in
Vancouver, BC, that their huge library had not a single work of hers.
Something tells me that's about to change.

@_date: 2009-10-19 12:24:38
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the P2PFoundation a Shill for Proprietary 
Even if this software was open-source, it seems far, far outside the already
quite broad scope of this list.  Her email shouldn't have been forwarded--it
probably should have just been ignored.  Jane is obviously just fishing for
media coverage, and I'm sure she has no idea what the P2PF actually is, nor
cares much about user freedom.

@_date: 2009-10-19 18:44:16
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Is the P2PFoundation a Shill for Proprietary 
Athina, it's basically a spam form letter from marketing trying to get media
coverage for their packet sniffer.  To rest all doubts, this should look
Looking back, I didn't make it absolutely clear that it was spam.  Now that
I have, I figure it's pretty uncontroversial that spam should not be
included in the P2PF research mailing list.  Michel probably just glanced at
it, not realizing it was a quasi-targeted spam.  We all miss stuff once in a
while in the attention arms-race.
I don't think it's been thrown under the carpet at all.  Upon close
inspection, the notion of a general ideology in p2p itself is a nonsensical
concept.  P2P is a phenomenon / process.  Participants may have diverse
ideologies (e.g. profit-only vs freedom-only), but as long as they agree on
the basic principles of production, that doesn't impact the process.
Ideological differences can and do impact organizations participating in p2p
production, and that has come up regularly (e.g. Wikipedia).
Kevin has no problem with the commercialization of open-source (if it's
FOSS), and neither do I.  Whether it contributes to social injustice
compared to something like Kleiner's copyfarleft is certainly a point of
debate, and one I wouldn't mind participating in at some future time.  I do
have a problem with people publishing media that is not open-source, and
that restricts user freedom, because I think it immoral.
That's a false dilemma; those options are not mutually exclusive.  The
product CAN be criticized constructively, but it would be a waste of time
for the P2P researchers on the list.  Anyone gung-ho about packet sniffers
is likely already on a packet sniffer / sysadmin mailing list.  I can assure
you that anyone that wants to try out proprietary software such as this,
particularly if that person offers a review in exchange, is guaranteed a
free evaluation.   You don't have to wait for a spam "invite."
As far as barring material from the list, the identity of the list is fuzzy:
material relating to p2p research.  In my view, spams are not even close to
the "fuzzy zone."  Open alternatives to proprietary products can and do come
up on the list all the time.  While the current size of the "fuzzy zone" may
be a bit too big for my tastes, I'm not convinced any identity needs to be
fixed.  We can continue to be diverse, and deal with things as they come up.
I agree, and hopefully people will speak up if they feel too many emails
outside of the p2p research scope, or otherwise inappropriate, are coming

@_date: 2009-10-20 15:12:05
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I was the one that wrote what you quoted, below.
A parallel to consider is the use of nonviolence struggle methods to oppose
regimes.  When one person gets away with a daring display of defiance, and
the next time a dozen people, and the next time a hundred people, well...
hey, maybe it's doable.  But how many people have the "right stuff" for that
first daring display?  Usually, few.  Further, the initial action may well
be an innovation in some way, or performed by someone with "nothing left to
lose."  Tragically, when opposing regimes, that could be a person like a
mother whose son was "disappeared" by the government.  It could also be
teenagers with "more courage than sense" poking fun at the government.  Once
a movement has started, people join up because the barrier to entry has
lowered, whether because they figure they're less likely to get arrested, or
they know that the GPL provides a solid legal wrapper for their software.
Moral imperative may drive initial adoption, but it will only gain masses of
followers if it's effective in producing good results for the peer or larger
social group.  This may be up-and-coming politicians that want a position in
the new government in an overthrow, or someone that doesn't want to write a
packet sniffer from scratch.  These results may vary from person to person,
and of course there's nothing stopping someone from benefiting in very
substantive ways and simultaneously feeling they're on moral high ground.
However, we cannot assume that the motivations surrounding the birth of the
movement continue to be--for the majority--the primary motivators during
subsequent adoption.  I would argue that we should reject any such
The courageous/zealous/eccentric/brilliant/naive pioneers demonstrate the
method can work.  The ideal that "something better is possible" drives the
pioneers, and the rest follow from a combination of social proof and proof
found in the tasting of the pudding.  To mix metaphors further, while some
truly believe in the values surrounding the initial use of the method, for
the rest that moral high ground is just gravy.  They may self-report the
moral ground as being important, and they likely believe it.  The real test
of mettle is measuring their actual behavior (but of course, it's far easier
to survey people than monitor them).  Please note, I'm not saying they're
being consciously dishonest or deceptive.
Someone might think that "selling" a movement would fare better if benefits
rather than ideals were "sold" to the masses.  I don't think so: it looks
better to others--and even ourselves--to be "sold" on moral high ground
while we quietly detect more substantive benefits.  This is all likely to be
mostly subconscious, but can be an important consideration in working toward
adoption of something.
In the case of a publically-traded companies, one would want to make the
substantive benefits more salient, because it's ok to value them above moral
concerns in that situation.  Nothing personal, it's just business.  However,
the movement may very well may be sending the wrong signal to the company as
well: that they're willing to compromise in order to secure adoption.  I
think this is a grave mistake, too often made, and I think the history of
attempts to compromise free software licenses pushes this point home.

@_date: 2009-10-21 14:10:45
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CAD files at The PIrate Bay? (Follow up) 
I don't understand what you mean by "enter the picture."  Patents can and
will be used to destroy competition, which I figured was the main reason
small manufacturers might want a pool of them.  If you mean that you don't
see any good reason for small manufacturers to try to get state-enforced
monopolies themselves, then yes, I don't see it helping them at all.
File-sharing designs has two important issues in play, as I see it.
First, the designs themselves, subject to copyright, should probably be
"GPL-ed" to "common-capture" them so that users always have the right to use
and modify them.
Second, on the devices/processes subject to patents, I absolutely agree that
patenting them is a waste of time and money.  I would take the old "Bell
Labs" approach: Designs could be pooled online, and sent to the USPTO as a newsletter.  The
patent office could be contacted and asked what would be the least painful
way for them to ensure that prior art was being established.
Also, it would be quite useful for designers to include small notes of prior
art that were "seeds" of their own design.  This both helps establish an
evolutionary history with attribution, and creates an an automatic
counter-strike to claims of patent infringement from other parties.  This
could easily be nothing more than a page for prior art and inspiration for
each version of product, perhaps via a wiki or other version control system
that makes it easy.
Tagging would be essentially for easy cross-referencing.  I believe that is
essentially what the USPTO does, by filing every patent in multiple
subcategories that it touches.

@_date: 2009-10-22 15:47:55
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] P2P Ideology 
I think there are three issues here:
1) What is p2p?  How do we define it? Is it peer production?
2) Does p2p ideology exist?  If so, how do we define it, and do all people
using p2p have that ideology?
3) Does P2P Foundation ideology exist?  Do only certain people "subscribe"
to it, with the rest simply keeping tabs or organizing around the general
interest area of p2p?
I see "peer production" as being describable in the forming language of
behavioral science (the science parts of anthro + soc + psych + econ).  I
also think that is the only way it will be a useful and legitimate term.  In
my opinion, terms such as capitalism, communism, socialism, and similar are
scarcely useful at all.  They do not lend themselves to good research, nor
My answers to the questions above:
1) p2p = peer production = "Voluntary production of a good that is shared
through a peer common."
2) No, peer production in a process only, there is no inherent ideology.
3) Yes, although fuzzy.  Essentially, my take on the P2P Foundation ideology
is that p2p should be a) studied and b) applied to many areas where
artificial scarcity is imposed--doing so will move everyone toward freeing
artificially scarce goods, which generally improves social justice and
To flesh out my first two points, I reply to Kevin's email, below.
On Wed, Oct 21, 2009 at 9:31 AM, Kevin Carson <
Kevin, thank you for presenting a definition of p2p ideology.  As I'm sure
you expect, I have major criticisms.
Consider that people agreeing on the elimination of rents from "IP" and
advocating network forms does not really explain the emergence of things
like Wikipedia and file-sharing.  Most people do not share things because of
ideological points 1 and 2.  If we were to pool all PirateBay seeders and
Wikipedia-contributors, I find it doubtful they'd be participating because
of 1.  1--eliminating artificial scarcity and rents--is a result of peer
production.  So is 2--the effects of network culture.  Network culture
creates a reward system for contributing, and thus an attractive incentive
to participate, but I would hesitate to call it ideology.
The fundamental action seems to be sharing.  Cascading effects result from
the sharing, but are not the sources of action.  These effects are sometimes
organized in a narrative about a movement of some sort, and used as a
"hindsight ideology."  In other words, ideology is applied after the fact as
a more noble reason for the original action, but it had no influence on the
action.  It did not exist as an incentive--at least, originally.  But, it
makes a good narrative, far better than "I thought it might get me some
Technology determines both the barriers to entry for sharing, and the "hard"
contraints of the network(s)' efficiency.  I figure most of us agree with
I stand by my earlier claim that no ideology exists inherently in p2p, as
in, the process of p2p production, also called peer production.  I erred in
my earlier email, though, by not actually defining it.  Again, my current
"Voluntary production of a good that is shared through a peer common."
I am not sure what Michel's most current definition is.  I think I will just
use "peer production" instead of "p2p" until "p2p" is agreed to mean "peer
production."  If it isn't, I want to make sure I use a specific word for a
specific concept that we can all understand.  If my definition breaks with
certain examples we'd all agree is peer production, or is too broad and
would include examples we'd generally agree are not peer production, then we
can try to revise it accordingly.
When everyone uses "p2p," it's not clear what they mean.  If we agree that
p2p is peer production, and thus a process, it has no ideology or identity
except those foisted upon it, and while those may change, the definition of
the process itself does not.  Someone may suggest that the term "p2p"
identifies a different concept than peer production. If so, what?
If peer production is used as a strategy to build an information commons, or
to guarantee user freedom, it does not follow that peer production has an
ideology.  Instead, someone with an ideology is using peer production.
Peer production is not an identification unless it has a social context and
someone to interpret it, both of which vary.  Just because--in a particular
snapshot of a particular time and place--a process is associated with an
identity or ideology does not mean they're in any way inherent to the
process itself.  This point is why I brought up methodological nonviolence.
  I could also bring up backyard gardening, or fuel-maximizing driving
behavior, of vegetarianism.  While these may be associated with particular
identities, those are only associations (and often, stereotypes).  A
reliable definition for concise discussion does not contain associations of
identity or ideology.  There's a very good reason not to: you cannot be sure
of motivations or ideologies.
Companies that use peer production are a good break test.  A company may use
peer production only because it is most profitable for them.  Their
employees likely have a variety of motivations and ideologies as well.  So
then, are they using peer production, or not?
I really want to stress that motivations and ideologies are hard to measure
and verify.  The few studies I have seen--sorry, I cannot find them right
now, so they may still be in my "to-tag queue"--find that most people
contribute to information commons primarily so they will be recognized and
appreciated by that peer group.  I don't find anything wrong with that, but
it highlights the difficulty in assuming that associated ideologies are
primary motivating forces.
Please feel invited to beat on my definition of peer production ("voluntary
production of a good that is shared through a peer common"), particularly
with examples that make or break it.

@_date: 2009-10-23 13:05:58
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Walkability: check it before choosing your next 
Regarding speculation and urban sprawl, here in the Portland Metro area, we
may actually see the urban growth boundary NOT extended this year at all,
and have urban and rural reserves designated.  I went to one of the original
meetings about it, and have tried to follow it since (we recently had a
More information is available here:
Essentially, surrounding land is assessed for agricultural and urban value.
Rural reserves are areas of rural land that are "reserves" and cannot be
developed upon any further.  Portland is built on, and surrounded by,
incredibly rich farmland, and forest.  Urban reserves are areas outside the
urban growth boundary that receive development assistance and priority,
which also allows for better planning of infrastructure (water, power,
transport) and nicer, denser urban areas.  For every urban reserve, a rural
reserve has to be designated first (not sure precisely how this works).
You can imagine who this seems to piss off: people who benefit from land
speculation, and farmers that want to try to cash out their land for their
retirements.  I have a little sympathy for the latter, but none for the
The "new urbanism" movement is very concerned with walkability.  I met an
urban architect here pleased with the reserve system because it allows just
that sort of planning.  It's not that no one's thought of it, it's that a
new city is really, really, really expensive, and all the existing cities
have crumbling infrastructure as it is (the Minnesota bridge collapse comes
to mind).
While this reserve system is nice for helping protect Portland from sprawl,
consider the flip side of the coin, nationally: the higher costs of living
and lack of really cheap space tend to shift populations to those areas with
lots of available space, low cost of living, and loose zoning laws.  These
areas are mostly in Arizona, Texas, and Georgia, which experienced booms in
the past 3-4 decades.  Phoenix, Dallas, and Houston use the most electricity
per household in the US.
Anyway, some facets of this "gem" of a problem to consider.

@_date: 2009-10-28 13:27:31
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
I read this before, and was amazed at how confused it was.  Reading it
again, I just think it's sensationalist nonsense.
1) Neoclassical theory and the resulting neoclassical synthesis, by any
stretch of the imagination, does NOT "violate the laws of physics" or "the
laws of thermodynamics."
2) Peak oil, coal, and gas are not news to even "mainstream" "Chicago
3) Energy is but one aspect of economics.  "Biophysical economists" ignore
the most important aspect: behavioral science, specifically, psychology +
sociology + anthropology.  That's the hard part, and the part that's vital
for creating or modifying multi-level systems that manage and sustain common
pool resources.
"Of course I'm trying to send a message," said Joseph Tainter, chairman of
Utah State University's Department of Environment and Society. "I just don't
expect there's anyone out there to receive it."
That sort of schlock is fine for The Huffington Post, but Scientific
American ought to be ashamed.

@_date: 2009-10-28 17:03:38
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
The ideas being discussed aren't new--you're definitely right about that.
I've previously mentioned that I view economics as slowly merging with other
fields of behavioral science, with plenty of fuzziness, murkiness, and
pseudoscientific nonsense still clouding around them all.  It's a baby
science in a swimming pool of bathwater.
I don't understand your response, so two questions stemming from it:
Q1) If there is a reasonable argument that economics is ultimately a study
of thermodynamics, what is that argument?
If we ignore the supersensationalist claim in the article (that "today's
dominant economic thinking violates the laws of physics") and go with simply
the sensationalist claim ("Neoclassical economics is inconsistent with the
laws of thermodynamics"), then one must ask
Q2) How is neoclassical economic theory inconsistent with the laws of
Neoclassical growth theory is not just one thing.  The Solow model, for
example, is very simplified, and growth theory is a realm of much debate.
In science, the whole point of theory and modelling is to map the terrain of
reality.  It's hardly a surprise when theories are wrong--a map is always
simpler than the terrain it maps.  Good maps simply give us some predictive
power.  That's science.  However, that thermodynamics somehow invalidates or
disproves neoclassical growth theories is a far more specific claim, and
requires extraordinary evidence.  I can't even think how it would be
possible, which is why I asked these followups.
I don't know much about industrial ecology.  My basic understanding is the
field looks at all materials and energy cycles in our "closed" system:
essentially, the Earth.  So, it would try to define the boundaries of
possible material and energy flows on Earth.  However, a closed system is
not the same as an isolated one--Earth constantly receives energy, mostly
from the Sun, which will continue for a very long time.
I see Superfreakonomics much as I see Penn and Teller's BS: contrarian

@_date: 2009-10-29 16:10:11
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Scientific American: Does Economics Violate the 
Paul, you have touched on the real problem: equity.  We can summarize all
current rival commons with one word: Earth.

@_date: 2009-10-30 20:10:12
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] More on: Suggestions wanted for education to p2p 
I am wondering how "developing" you mean, because that can change a lot.  I
know you are short on time, so let me summarize:
First, I'm providing some links (warning: some are to pdfs) on the findings
of cognitive science and its implications for learning.  The work is by
Daniel Willingham, and should be core knowledge for educators.  Being
familiar with this material helps any teacher better judge what they should
and shouldn't do, and why.  His work very solid science, and accessible.
Second, I cover how to make concepts "sticky."
Third, I discuss "p2p-like attitude," saying it's essentially knowing "it's
good to share and pool knowledge."  This is complementary to projects, and
is learned by doing, because when it works, the benefits are obvious.  Peer
production cannot be used as a method of learning in itself--its voluntary,
multi-focus nature does not lend itself well to classroom learning.
Foundational domain knowledge must be built first.
Last, I give a couple simplistic "invention stories" that make foundational
knowledge "sticky," is key to any proposal, both for the children, and for
the teachers.
Now for the details (forgive my length).
Daniel Willingham is a cognitive scientist focusing on learning and
education.  While his book isn't free online, a number of his papers and
articles are.
How to lay foundations for domain knowledge and expertise?
How do we get students thinking?
What else does Willingham have to say about school?
Here's the insta-summary of his book Why Don't Students Like School (it
applies to all education, not just American kids that hate school), ripped
shamelessly from an Amazon review:
1. People are naturally curious, but they are not naturally good thinkers.
2. Factual knowledge precedes skill.
3. Memory is the residue of thought.
4. We understand new things in the context of things we already know.
5. Proficiency requires practice.
6. Cognition is fundamentally different early and late in training.
7. Children are more alike than different in terms of learning.
8. Intelligence can be changed through sustained hard work.
9. Teaching, like any complex cognitive skill, must be practiced to be
Now, we add the findings of making concepts "sticky" via the book Made to
Stick (may sounds hokey, but it's well supported with cognitive research):
1. Simplicity
2. Unexpectedness
3. Concreteness
4. Credibility
5. Emotions
6. Stories
You already know some of this intuitively--you asked for stories from us.
You don't have to use all these traits, but they all help.  Good stories are
absolutely key.  These don't just apply to children, but also adults.  I
hope you find these useful summary points both in presenting a proposal, and
as content in a proposal.
All that is in answer to 2 questions (both good) I took away from your
1) What curriculum would be best for kids?
2) How to present that curriculum to the audience?
Obviously, I haven't directly answered your questions.  I don't actually
know what knowledge about health and the environment would be most useful,
because I don't know their problems.  Even if I did, I'm not sure I'd have
insight into those problems: "wash your hands more often" seems inadequate
if there's no running water.
You also mention a "p2p-like attitude," but one must ask, "What IS a
p2p-like attitude?"
As I said previously on the list--don't worry if you haven't read my email
on the list about it--I have no idea what the "p2p ideology" or "p2p
dynamic" (as Michel calls it) actually is.  However, I have defined peer
production as "voluntary production of a good that is shared through a peer
common."  Ok, so how does is this useful to kids and digestable to
Sharing knowledge.  Pooling knowledge.  That's basically it.  It's good to
share knowledge, it's good to pool knowledge for reference and build upon
it. Sorry I cannot think of a good story showing this, but you know, "two
heads are better than one."
Anyway, seemingly, pretty simple, but there's at least one big catch:
Although everyone tells children to share, often the adult world stresses
(in deed, if not also in word) that sharing is bad, weak, or stupid.
One-way teaching, from teacher to pupil, obviously has no role for peer
production.  Both tendencies vary by culture, of course.
The focus, then, would be to create projects and challenges that are
complemented by sharing information.  Peer production is complementary to
many projects because it builds a knowledgebase, but a knowledgebase cannot
substitue concrete, hands-on projects.
Domain knowledge cannot be pooled by kids that don't have it.  Peer
production tends to take a lot of domain knowledge we take for granted
because we're all so educated and tech savvy.  We have information coming
out our ears.
However, high tech isn't necessarily needed, or it can be put in the hands
of a few specialized caretakers.  A chalkboard and pieces of paper can act
as a rudimentary content-pooling system.  Depending on the poverty level,
connecting schools to peer-produced knowledgebases that can help them learn
and solve real problems they have shows how useful peer production and
knowledge sharing is.
Over at akvo.org, on their akvopedia, there's an entry for the "Tippy Tap"
I wish I knew its specific origin (who invented it, and when), but it makes
a simple story.  People needed to wash their hands to rinse off germs, and
they needed to conserve water, and they needed to prevent mosquitos from
breeding in the waste water.  How did they solve this problem?  The tippy
But people did not just build it, they built versions of it (with a food
pedal), and shared them.  People made instructional videos and manuals for
the internet so that everyone in the world would know how.
Another example is the pot-in-pot refridgeration system.  How does one keep
food cool so it doesn't spoil, but without using electricity, and using
cheap, easily-available materials?  You put a pot in a pot, add wet sand,
and cover.
These are simple but smart solutions, no computer needed.  There are many
others.  They are also solid, gateway concepts into other topics; hygiene,
conservation, even the science behind evaporation (pot in pot) and simple
machines (foot pedal for Tippy Tap).  They can be built by a class.  They
show the power of sharing knowledge.
I hope this helps in some way.

@_date: 2009-09-08 00:46:47
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] the Cuban agricultural revolution 
The one I've seen:
Doesn't go into a lot of specifics, just a general overview.  Doesn't
mention the animal shit-chain you summarized, which seems pretty
Why is there only this one video on Cuba's "Special Period" and
transformation?  The world has a severe documentation problem.  Also, if
Bill Mollison thinks permaculture is so vital to our future, why is his book
not free online, with people building upon it, and testing it?  Instead, you
can't get it easily for under 75 bucks, and I haven't seen any real science
on the topic.
Thankfully, Wikipedia and Instructables have laid the groundwork for what we
need badly: documenting by interns, exchange students, retired persons, and
anyone on a visit to somewhere interesting.  Anthropologists for the
information commons.

@_date: 2009-09-15 12:49:08
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Top Schools Set on Open Journal Format 
For some reason that news item was removed from the MIT News site--removed
to the extent that a search cannot find any trace of it.  I used Google news
to find other mentions, which are only a couple.
This is great news.  The closed, pre-internet models now have no discernible
value, and rent-seeking with scientific information is immoral.  Not sure if
anyone follows it, but university libraries have been increasingly working
together to fend off rent-seeking by journals.  Given that they're the
producers AND the consumers, I'm surprised it's taken them this long to
break future monopolies by cooperating.  Maybe they were waiting to see how
PLoS journals performed.

@_date: 2009-09-16 15:59:50
@_author: Stan Rhodes 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Sellyourrights.com - Attempt to create cultural 
I tend to figure any idea I've had has already occurred to someone else, and
I always hope they're working on it, and I'll catch wind of it.  Sure
enough,  has appeared to offer to connect musicians
who want a little money for their trouble, and fans wanting to keep culture
free as a common resource.
However, in my mind, having multiple Creative Commons licenses available is
a mistake because:
1) the psychological difficulties of choice; the default is also extremely
important, but ideally, it should be a single choice.  Richard Thaler has
done plenty of research in this vein; I really wish Lawrence Lessig was
familiar with it before making CC, because CC may have turned out quite
2)  a culture commons, in my opinion, MUST be only attribution and
share-alike, thus allowing commerical use.  I know Dmytri Kleiner would
disagree, which is an interesting discussion in its own right, involving his
idea of copyfarleft.
3-minor) you're not really selling your rights if it's kept in a commons,
and if you still get to decide on the license.
Despite my criticisms, this seems like a very promising development.  They
can take a bounty and market system much farther, with ransoms for other
existing works, reputation-based funding (putting your money where your
likes are, and wearing it as a badge), and "the merchandise connection,"
aka, real physical objects.  (To mention a few.)
