
@_date: 2010-02-03 07:31:32
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Re: [OM] Third Part Research On Open 
Michel - Erik De Bruijn sent me some good info, but I could use more
data/research if you have it.

@_date: 2010-02-15 12:02:36
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Introducing the OpenKollab Ecosystem Pooled 
Hey Folks,
Here is the copy that I will be distributing as a part of my outreach
process to funders and other potentially interested parties. Please feel
free to redistribute if you wish.
OpenKollab's  is developing infrastructure
and processes to support its larger mission of Connecting Projects To Solve
Massive Social Problems. In service of this larger end, we are developing
the Ecosystem Pooled Fund
initiative, the
objective of which is to develop a model to provide financing to early stage
social entrepreneurs (those that are developing projects that delivery both
social value and financial return). As you likely know, there is a gap in
the funding landscape that makes it very hard for social entrepreneurs to
raise seed funds. The gap exists due to the fact that social ventures
typically carry high
risk but don't necessarily carry high enough financial return to offset this
risk since they are not solely focused on financial return.
*I am wondering if it would be possible to arrange a time to chat to
introduce you to OpenKollab and the
following model.*
The strategy of the Ecosystem Pooled Fund is, therefore, to offset risk by
bringing groups of early stage social ventures together collaboratively.
This has the following benefits:
*Reducing Investment Risk By Developing Collaborative Process Amongst Early
Stage Social Ventures**
   - *Scale:* In grouping projects together, we create scale (more people,
   ideas, resources etc.).
   - *Modularity:* In viewing ones enterprise as a part of a system of
   relations, one can direct ones activities in a way that is aligned with ones
   ecosystem partners.
   - *Social cohesion: *we hope that some of what works in the Grameen Peer
   Lending  model, works in
   this context as well. In support of this idea, we will be developing
   non-binding collaboration agreements that formalize the commitments between
   groups.
   - *Offsets technology risk:* A constant challenge for investors is to be
   able to assess the value of technology and processes that have not already
   garnered market acceptance. In getting peers to use your technology,
   processes etc., (as ecosystem collaborators) the functional utility of the
   technology is validated by people that understand the technology.
   - *Increased Product Validation:* in fitting your technology or process
   into a value chain of collaborators, you will solve problems and enhance the
   product thereby making it more market worthy.
   - *Increased Network/Channel Capacity*: In working collaboratively with
   others, you will build networks and contacts that will open up other market
   opportunities.
More details on the model can be found in this
*Collaborative Projects That OpenKollab is Preparing Investment Cases For*
OpenKollab organizes all its activity around the notion of an
groups of projects that might be able to collaborate. We are currently
developing a collaborative funding strategy for four projects in the Open
Manufacturing Ecosystemand
are in discussion with several projects in the Open
Government Ecosystem.This
process is being formalized through the creation of Collaboration
define the collaboration process and the commitments that the various
groups are making to each other.
*Information Modeling*
Central to the OpenKollab  strategy is the
development of information models which are designed to collect specific
data on projects within
support driving collaborative activity between projects. The
information we are currently collecting is:
   - *Mission and Goals*: the objective is to see if collaboration
   possibilities arise if projects have aligned missions
   - *Collaborative Relationships*: projects self identify other projects
   they believe they can collaborate with
   - *Project Summaries;* specific information about business models, market
   strategies, unique differentiators etc.
Examples of the specific information being collected can be found in the
various tabs in, for example, the Open Manufacturing
Technology Infrastructure Strategy*
An associated strategy that will, in time, be developed on top of the
information models is a technology layer that supports the matching of
projects. Details of the vision that underlies the technology strategy can
be found in the following presentations:
   - Open System Mobilization
describes a vision for a platform that matches projects to support
   mobilization of projects around large scale social problems.
   - Ecosystem Mobilization Platform:
   This
   offers some thoughts on what the user interface paradigm for such a platform
   might look like.
   - Project Matching:This
describes how meta-data such as that being currently collected via our
   information models can be used to match projects and drive collaboration.
Our mission is, in part, to solve the systemic problem that impedes the flow
of capital into social ventures because we believe that the development of
an infrastructure that supports social ventures would be beneficial to
If possible, I would like to arrange a time for a quick chat just to
introduce you to our work and to explore areas of potential collaboration.
If this is of interest, maybe we can connect on Skype. You can find me at

@_date: 2010-01-07 23:32:14
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Re: Conflicts Arising From Generative Open 
You say: *'...i find that the perception of the confrontation/fight/conflict
is rarely ever the same in the present parties. debate to one = dialogue to
the other. fight to one = innocent conversation to another.'*
I'm sure that this is true in the case of most conflict in the traditional
sense in which think of 'conflict' - as a fight or struggle.
The conflict that I am trying to understand, as it relates to the
development of collaborative groups and bringing people together, is the
sort of conflict that makes it such that people can't/don't work together
even when they know they are working towards similar ends.
The sort that enables people to remain friends but prevents bridging
boundaries in certain ways that could be of mutual benefit.
The sort that, for example, caused nation states to dig in at Copenhagen
even when the end of civilization is in view.
So the question is: *what is the source of those boundaries?*

@_date: 2010-01-09 12:42:23
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CloudFab Update & More 
Thanks for the detailed response!
Are you aware of any projects in addition to *
* you feel are trying to do something
Also, we are in the process of putting a team together to scale this process
up. Your understanding of the issues in the space would be invaluable. Let
me know if you would be interested in getting involved in some way.

@_date: 2010-01-10 07:58:17
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Ecosystems: an explanation of their relevance 
Hey Folks,
The featured project at OpenKollab is the Ecosystem Pooled Fund
the objective of which is to develop an innovative funding structure to
finance early stage social venture
In developing this structure OpenKollab will begin the process of filling an
existing whole in the capital markets landscape; the absence of investment
capital for *early stage social entrepreneurs.*
Central to the structure of the fund concept is the notion of *ecosystems*.
It also comes up in a lot of my communication, it is a part of the structure
of our blog  and it is prominently featured
in this , and
other, documents and presentations.
*I think that it is time that I make it clear why the idea of ecosystems is
central to the OpenKollab view of the world.*
*What is an Ecosystem?* In general terms, an ecosystem can be understood as
a natural set of relationships that exist between projects that makes it
possible that they *collaborate*. Hence projects that are a part of an
ecosystem interact with each other, the leaders know each other, and the
projects are mutually interdependent in some way.
In more specific terms, an ecosystem can consist of projects that share the
same larger goals, that share common team members, share common customers or
markets, that are a part of the same value chain (partners, suppliers etc.),
share a common technology infrastructure etc. There is no theoretical limit
to what is constitutive of an ecosystem and, in reality, this will be
determined in practice by talking to projects that might form a part of an
ecosystem. This is what we are doing as we map out the Distributed
Manufacturing Space.
*So at its essence, an ecosystem view of the world makes sense is if
collaboration across boundaries makes sense in the world that we live in.*
*Does Collaboration Across Organizational Boundaries Make Sense?* This is a
large question that could be understood in two ways:
1.       Is collaboration, *as a principle of engagement, *important in the
modern world?
2.       Is collaboration *due to change in communications mechanisms* more
relevant today than it was in the past?
The answer is a wholehearted yes to both questions!
That said, for the purposes of this discussion let?s focus on 2. I will
treat 1 on a different occasion.
In addressing two I suspect that I am preaching to the choir. This is to say
that we all know that the modern world, from the standpoint of
communication, has the following features:
?         Internet connectivity penetration rates are increasing
?         Bandwith limitations are being reduced
?         The cost of communication is dropping (thank you Skype!)
?         Interoperability protocols, applications etc. are evolving
?         Social networking platforms (Facebook...) are changing the culture
of communication
?         Processing power is being pushed to the edge of the network
(Smartphones etc.)
?         The real time infrastructure is evolving (Twitter)
All of these, and other, socio-technological forces lead to an environment
and culture of interaction where :
?         Information flows freely across organizational boundaries
?         Geographic constraints are less meaningful
?         Structural limitations on information management don?t constrain
participation (thousands of people can work on projects!)
?         Meetings can be run virtually
?         Projects can be managed asynchronously
?         Projects can be scaled to involve many people with minimal
incremental cost
?         Your communications infrastructure can be scaled to include many
people with minimal incremental cost
Hence the inhibitors to collaboration and engagement are being reduced.
The coordination cost of working together is dropping dramatically. It is
simply much easier, and less costly to coordinate the activity of many
people around the world than it was in the past.
*Or, shall we say, it makes economic sense to collaborate! *
*It, therefore, makes sense to seek out collaboration opportunities as this
is the most efficient means of organizing resources to satisfy larger
mission driven objectives! *
(Note that, from a theoretical perspective, it remains to be seen if
collaboration makes sense for the purely self interested since this is
a *resources
efficiency *argument... Since this is an open question, I restrict my
arguments to the structure of organizational relationships in the social
venture space.)
*If it makes sense to organize ourselves collaboratively, what is the best
way to structure organizational relationships?*
If it is the case that the best way to achieve objectives is through seeking
coordinated activity with others, then one must structure ones relationship
with the world in a manner that makes possible coordinated activity of this
In short, one must attempt to organize activity in collaboration with others
by developing, or participating in, the infrastructure that makes it
possible for you to:
?         *Have visibility into the activity of others in* a manner that
will make it possible to identify collaboration opportunities.
?         *Communicate and explore* ways of working with other projects.
Again, the reason one wants to do this is that the infrastructure cost of
communication and information exchange is nominal.
Gains that you make in what you learn from each other, and the opportunities
that will evolve, will far outstrip the cost of the infrastructure over the
long term.
*Ecosystems: the model that supports this view of Intra-Organizational
 Given the above, we can understand ecosystems as groups of organizations
?         Are related to each other in such a way that they can support and
learn from each other
?         Are connected by a common communications/collaboration
?         That explore, in an open ended way, ways of working together that
are mutually beneficial.
It makes sense to do this because there is much to be learned from each
other and it costs little to develop the systems that make this possible.
*Ecosystems, Risk Mitigation and Financing*
In organizing groups of projects in this manner, the probability of the
success of the group of projects is increased, thereby also mitigating risk
for investors. In mitigating risk for investors, we will be able to flow
capital into projects that sorely lack capital at this time.
This is the aim of the Ecosystem Pooled Fund Initiative.
*I hope you will collaborate with us as we work towards bringing to fruition
these possibilities...*

@_date: 2010-01-10 09:01:54
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] CloudFab Update & More 
Can we arrange a time for a quick chat on Skype? You can find me at sureshf.
Over the coming couple of weeks I want to talk to a few folk that are
working in this space to get a better feel for what is actually going on.
Right now I'm still operating at a pretty theoretical level.
You obviously know a lot about the space and have an informed perspective.
If this works for you, just give me a couple of times and I'll confirm.
Thanks for your interest.

@_date: 2010-01-11 07:05:12
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Digest for openkollab@googlegroups.com - 6 
Great questions! - see below.
It's difficult to predict exactly how all of this will unfold and a lot will
depend on what are resources are, but you can keep the following in mind:
OK is in discussion Sam Rose and his Forward Foundation team about
developing a more expanded approach that will broaden the service offering
beyond strictly financing. This will include help;
   - Identification of business models,
   - Development of associated strategies (marketing, revenue generation,
   financial modeling etc)
   - Development of associated collateral materials
   - Etc.
The ultimate goal of the Pooled Fund Initiative is to start the process of
creating a completely new way of funding early stage social ventures. Hence
we are committed to helping early stage entrepreneurs. That said, we will
never have infinite resources and therefore. practically speaking, there
will be a focus on projects that:
   - Are a part of an ecosystem that we think we can finance
   - Have resources to pay us for consulting services.
We would love to say that we can help everyone, but I think that would be a
I certainly don't. I should also say that what is conspicuously absent, to
date, from this model is a strategy that is domain specific. This is to say
that nothing that I have proposed so far references in any way any specific
characteristics of either the manufacturing process or distributed
manufacturing. All I have proposed is that we explore the possibility of
building collaborative frameworks and pull projects together.
I am hoping to commence conversations this week with some of the actual
project leaders, such as yourself, with a view to getting a better
understanding of the nuances of the domain itself.
In other words, I would like to be able to develop a logic that gives me
insight into what sorts of Distributed Manufacturing projects might be best
It would be great if you can help us with this in some way.
I'm not planning on making value judgments about what/what should not get
financed. This is a mechanism that is focused on supporting social
entrepreneurs.. Hence it is assumed that all candidates have projects that
are of social benefit and therefore are worthy.
I don't deny that that collaboration, in and of itself, cannnot be result in
negative outcomes. Terrorists effectively collaborate!
That said, my contribution to the human race will be focused on getting
people to:
   - Understand the potential positive outcomes of collaboration
   - Develop innovative structures to make this possible
   - In the process provide increased opportunities to those that have great
   ideas that can benefit possibly benefit humanity but are currently are
   marginalized
I encourage you to contribute any thoughts and intelligence that supports a
particular strategic direction that you think we should pursue.
Also note, that I will be authoring a report on Ecosystems at roughly the
end of march on the concept of Ecosystems, that will be an input into the
Open Infrastructure Report that is being jointly developed by the Forward
Foundation, OK and the P2P Foundation. The broader topic is Ecologies and
Any substantive analysis could be integrated into my portion of the report.
Full credit will obviously be given to the contributing authours.
Let me know what you think.

@_date: 2010-01-11 20:13:12
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Philosophical Underpinnings of the Importance 
Hey Folks,
In case you need some bed time reading ;-)
When I say that I believe that we can make this world a better place, and
that we should be sufficiently motivated to do so, I say this because I am
what would be termed a moral
realist.This is to
say that I am of the opinion that there are certain actions that
are *objectively *right and hence that we ought to do them. What those are
exactly is another story ;-). This view is to be contrasted with moral
relativism .
The sense in which we can come to know that certain actions are *right* is a
position grounded in a transcendentally
on the structure of knowledge that contrasts with a scientifically
realistic perspective,
and is outlined in a paper that I wrote entitled The Visibility of Moral
Facts .
I also believe that right action is intrinsically tied to the relationship
between our reflexive (self conscious) nature and our *survival within
communities*. I advance an argument to this effect in a paper entitled The
Structure of Identity. Hence, for me, there are certain things as rational thinking beings that we
ought to do (even if we don't as a species know what they are) and there is
a connection between what they are and community.
If you can make the connection between community and collaboration, you can
get a better idea for why developing collaborative frameworks and processes
is vitally important for me.
Unfortunately, my musings tell me nothing about what those right actions
actually are...  ;-)

@_date: 2010-01-11 21:13:19
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [ME-09] [OK] Philosophical Underpinnings of the 
See below.
No - will check out.
Sure... I was just trying to provide some rationale for my motivation.
This is what I am challenging. I am saying that some actions are right and
others are wrong (period) and the basis for this distinction rests on
scientific methodology which, as far as I am concerned, is the only rational
paradigm of truth. Of course others, religious zealots of all flavoursm for
example, will have other paradigms of truth. The basis for what is
right/wrong will be related to survival (species, individual...).
This is also why not dealing with climate change drives me crazy... I think
it's morally wrong.
I am not claiming that science has advanced to the point where we know what
these right actions are, however. My claim is that it is possible.

@_date: 2010-01-12 10:17:04
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Philosophical Underpinnings of the 
Thanks for the post. My knowledge of ST is rudimentary at best....
In service of the larger objectives of OK (to connect projects to solve
massive social problems), we are interested in exploring all processes that
might contribute to this.
I'm sure it comes as no surprise that the challenge is not what tools and
infrastructure to build, but how to get people to work together towards
common ends.
We have an evolving notion of an
which is obviously a form of a system. If you feel that your research can
contribute to our 'systems' thinking approach and/or can help contribute to
solving interaction problems and foster increased collaboration, then we
encourage you to share your research and to engage.
FYI, research and intelligence will be a part of the longer term strategy
for OK. As you might have seen, we are co-authoring a publication with the
P2P Foundation and the Forward Foundation. We are initially going to be
selective about participation in this project, but it might be opened up as
we move forward.
Regardless, there should be opportunity to make your work visible via OK and
related channels if that's of interest.

@_date: 2010-01-13 02:23:50
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Thursday chat with Suresh and Andrius about 
Thanks for all the kind words and for setting this up! I look forward to
chatting with you and your group on Thursday!

@_date: 2010-01-23 11:14:34
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Forward Foundation Distributed 
If you are interested I could certainly do something that is a convergence
of the following:
   - The notion of ecosystems as the appropriate organizing principle in a
   networked world
   - The requirement for alternative funding models if we want to build
   infrastructure to support social entrepreneurs
   - The notion of ecosystems as an organizational principle for a funding
   structure that can mitigate financial risk for social investors
   - The specific case of mapping the Distributed Manufacturing ecosystem.
   - Also, from a related by somewhat different perspective I can
   demonstrate how an ecosystem can serve to provide the right model for
   intra-organizational collaboration that provides organizations to scale
   their set of global relationships etc.
I am also wondering if you provide funding to conference speakers.

@_date: 2010-01-23 12:11:06
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Forward Foundation Distributed 
Hi Paola,
Not to worry, I wasn't considering doing a 'soupish' paper ;-) I can
definitely synthesize into a singular thesis.
Although OpenKollab is very focused on innovative models and aims to be a
contributory to positive social change, we don't at this time, have a formal
research strategy. We hope to in due course and are talking to a few
academics trying to figure out the best model for bridging with the academic
Currently our focus is on developing actual projects and actionable models
such as what we are aiming to do with the Ecosystem Modeling. So, from a
research perspective, what I am able to do is present the work that we are
doing as we roll out the model. What that would exactly amount to is unclear
just due to the pace at which things evolve.
As for the financial bit. It just so happens that altruism doesn't pay all
that well, and hence my personal financial circumstances require that I need
funding to present at conferences. I am currently scheduled to present at
conferences in March, April, May and possibly June. Not all of these have
been funded which puts me personally in a tight spot.
Your event sounds very exciting and I'd love to contribute. Let me know if
there is any way you can cover/subsidize costs.
If not, we could always consider my presenting virtually. I am not sure if
you have any experience with that, but I wear another hat .I also work with
a team of consultants who focus on virtual strategy; a group called Radical
Inclusion.  We have done various virtual
events and could certainly help out with this aspect.
Let me know what you think.

@_date: 2010-01-23 12:29:53
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Forward Foundation Distributed 
OK. Leave it with me. I really appreciate the positive feedback and the

@_date: 2010-01-23 17:16:32
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Why you never see people complaining about 
This is an interesting post - finally had the time to properly read and
reflect. Interestingly, this chap argues that blogging is dying:
Quite possibly for the reasons that you suggest.
I'm sure I'm in the minority, but I also think that eventually Twitter
volumes will peak and subside. Twittering, quite frankly, does not add as
much value as it is perceived to add in my opinion. I also believe that
Twitter 'influence' is overrated. People become visible in 'Twitter
space'... but so what. Its value moving forward will revolve around its real
time capacity to enable people to be on the pulse, so to speak. I don't
however, believe that everyone will start Twittering furiously.
*It's great that you raise the issue of the function of information.*
That you say the following is great, and is closely aligned with the OK
philosophy because, in my view, you proposing a *relational paradigm*.
This means that you could make one ?post? to the internet in your
entire life, that synthesizies valuable information into actual
knowledge, and that it could then exist as a re-usable knowledge
resource towards theory building and actual problem solving for years
to come. This ONE ?post? existing as information digested, understood,
and synthesized into knowledge, could be more valuable than all of the
information-relaying blog posts that you make in your entire life.
You are asking us to consider the value of what we create and how it fits
into a larger picture. The Ecosystem view and the associated mapping process
views the world the same way; *as a set of relations. *
We are starting with the view that we are connected to each other and asking
people to reflect on the nature of those relationships. We believe that in
starting to think of our personal projects as necessarily interdependent
with others, that we can be more effective in advancing our own projects.

@_date: 2010-01-24 09:18:50
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OK] Necessary research on open enterprise 
Sam et al.,
A couple of things you say are worth digging into. As an aside and in
response to Chris, this is the sort of discussion that I think is worthwhile
as it serves to provide depth. The problem with 'short burst' communication,
to use Jeff's term is that it is not possible to look closely enough at
anything to actually agree on something, align views etc. Since
collaboration is a central principle for OK, digging deeply enough to
generate alignment, work through tough issues etc.,
You say:
*This suggests that if/where "open" tends to really equal
"commons", that the ecology is a long term investment pay-off (not a
short term quick payoff).  *
*The Question of the Relationship Between Openness and The Commons*
The primary underlying principles that are guiding the development of OK are
a commitment to openness and a commitment to collaborative process. In
operating in this way, we are no doubt both creating a commons and
contributing to a commons (the Ecosystem model, for example). It is
impossible to make all of your information and processes completely open and
not be creating a commons, I would submit. That said, there probably hasn't
been enough thinking on what the relationship between the development of an
open and collaborative operating framework and the development of a commons
Provisionally you could say that the two notions converge based on* longer
term intentions*; a long term positive payoff for all participants, as you
suggest. If so, the longer term intention for OK is explicitly stated;* ' To
Connect Projects To Solve Massive Social Problems'.*
All our activity is developed with this intention and I will, in due course,
be submitting documentation to the group explaining exactly how our every
action today is directly aligned with this larger objective.
We welcome all intellectual property created by OK to used, more generally,
for any project that brings about *positive social change*. I will leave it
up to the discretion of the user of our content to determine what that
On Discerning Whether Behaviour is Short or Long Term in Nature*
I confess that it is easy for me to say the above and it raises the question
as to the veracity of my bold claim that our every action is aligned with
the objective of *' Connecting Projects To Solve Massive Social
Problems'.*So how can people gauge if this should be taken seriously.
More generally,
how can one gauge whether others have a short or long term perspective that
guides their actions and their attempts to engage with others?
I would submit the following criteria:
   - Is there a clearly articulated vision? - is it documented?
   - Do the elements of the vision hang together? Can dots be connected?
   - Is there consistency in what is said: it is, in fact, helpful if groups
   develop a certain conceptual architecture that becomes a part of their
   common language; defining with some precision the notion of 'ecosystem', for
   example.
   - Is there consistency between what is stated and what is acted upon?; a
   true connection between creed and deed. *Does the person do what they say
   they are going to do? *This is important as it reflects that a view of
   the long term guides short term commitments.
I believe that the biggest evidence of lack of vision and a short term focus
is an inconsistency between what is said and what is acted upon as it
reflects lack of clarity and lack of focus.
At OK we will, barring natural disasters etc. ALWAYS do what we say we are
going to do.
I am placing this commitment in the public domain because I want to be held
This is my personal commitment to those that I am working with.
*Potential Research Topics for Matt*
You say:
My opinion is that the best thing you could research now would be how
existing projects successfully operate with a combination of revenue
models and common pool resources (without the short-term pressure of
the pursuit of revenue dominating and destroying the commons-based
I agree that this is a solid line of attack and would certainly generate
valuable information for all of us. Central to the OK mission is bridging
'open' and 'mainstream' culture and an understanding of those that are
actually doing it and how would be great.
I look forward to everyone's thoughts!

@_date: 2010-01-26 20:29:54
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [OM] Third Part Research On Open Manufacturing 
Does anyone know of any third party research conducted by a 'reputable'
organization on the prospects for the Open Manufacturing space? Ideally it
would have some discussion of the market size, market opportunity etc.
Let me know.

@_date: 2010-01-28 21:24:16
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] [esp] Open Source and Co-ops events 
Josef - any news on this? Due to the work OpenKollab is doing in the Open
Manufacturing arena this is something we'd like to see move forward.
On Mon, Jan 4, 2010 at 8:46 AM, Josef Davies-Coates <

@_date: 2010-01-29 18:14:48
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Inaugural Open Infrastructures Conference 
Hey Phoebe,
Sam, Michel and I have had some very preliminary discussion about having an
annual (or semi-annual) Open Infrastructure Event in conjunction with the
Open Infrastructures Report that has been discussed by us.
It would be cool to do something with you and your group again as we all had
a great time in November!
Doing something in conjunction with the Film Cooperative is certainly a
possibility that would add an interesting element to the mix.
Would you be able to provide free space at Salford and help with logistics
and coordination from that end?
If we are going to do this again, I think that the plan should also be to
take things up a level. Do a 2-day event that also has a virtual component.
I would like to see:
   - Theme: something like: *'Developing Open Models for Positive Social
   Change'*
   - Sector Focus: Open Manufacturing
   - Models: Commons models, other innovations
   - Technology Infrastructure: discussion of infrastructure that supports
   open environments
   - Funding and Capacity Building Strategies: we could use this as an
   opportunity to invite some of the social venture funders to the party!
What do all of you think?

@_date: 2010-01-30 09:02:53
@_author: Suresh Fernando 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Inaugural Open Infrastructures Conference 
Hey Folks,
The idea was to get the conversation started to pull the various themes that
are converging together. To be both 'sensitive to the zeitgeist', as well as
strategically proactive in what we try to pull together.
At least from my perspective there is the feel that we are bridging
paradigms, and that this is what is necessary. At OK, there is a convergence
   - The culture of open collaboration that is mostly focused on *patterns
   of interaction*: operating completely transparently and maximally
   inclusive
   - The culture of the Commons, which is more focused on *how to manage
   what we create together;*
   - P2P and mainstream culture: Most of those that are a part of this
   'movement' stand in opposition to standard 'neo-liberal' principles and
   hence reject most of what is represented by traditional corporations,
   funders etc. I believe that this chasm must be bridged both philosophically
   and practically
   - Institutional Frameworks: I am interested in developing a process that
   drives dialogue between the social ventures, social venture funding sources,
   academic institutions, mainstream corporations, the public sector etc.
*We need to develop the nexus and to be situated in it if we want to bring
about the change in the world we desire.*
Hence, what I would like to see if an event that brings all of this
be a core part of the organizing team. As such I can help create content for
the formulation of grants etc.
We would need to formulate an organizing committee to move this forward.
Those that are interested should let us all know.
