
@_date: 2019-11-06 07:22:21
@_author: Rob Avina 
@_subject: Defining God 
Why have we not yet, within science, defined a God?  Would it ruin
religion, could it make science a religion, will it ruin the concept of
superheros?  Would it make us, have a belief in something bigger than
ourselves, therefore in our own selves more?  A cornerstone AA.
Simple.Wikipedia has a definition.
"According to certain religions and mythologies, God is the creator of the
Earth and of everything else..."
But what if we just made it real.  Just. Describe it, as such.  It doesn't
define any more or less, the basis for any or even all, the meat of, what
most consider religions to be about.  It provides the real, human beings,
the only ones so far that we know of of course, whom are trying to follow
these often millennia old rules, ones we probably helped make... A chance,
to at least be working together in doing so.  Keeping it simple, and meant
to be very additive.
So here goes, based on my 45 year analysis, elimination and awareness of
most; currently, otherwise described, concepts:
God, née, god - That, which surrounds all; within, detectable totality,
inhabits us, and governs all unknown laws of our universe.
Then link the people, with something like this(check both tabs at the
bottom left):
I suppose this may be considered really, a very bad idea, by some.  I(just
me and, Alex Trebek, maybe, he likes his facts like I like my steak, a
little rare!) for one certainly prefer it to ...  lets say, AP.  AP seems
like a real PA.  That stands for a "Pain in the ASS"  Or "Pisspoor
Attitude", or "Political Assassination" something long trending,
 and not at all new, nor newsworthy.  Nowadays the
Assassin's name would probably be withheld anyway.  Mostly thought, I find
it irresponsible and reprehensible, to suggest, that killing people is the
way out of our modern day towards the future.  Positive acts, should affect
positive change.  It would seem, that AP, takes away that choice from the
masses, much like any assassin.  Reasons agnostic.  Given a chance, I
think, one would like to believe the wise thing to do is eventually NOT
fight, and therefore not need to kill, right?  Maybe even get a little
help, maybe a lot, from the correct others.  For preservation of our
collective  genetic's sake, if nothing else.  It is what intelligent beings
would do most often, is all it seems to me.  Now that we have a chance, and
the ability, to talk.

@_date: 2019-11-08 12:29:42
@_author: Rob Avina 
@_subject: cypherpunks Digest, Vol 77, Issue 51 
Thanks.  I REALLY like this song, and Tim Bergling in general.
This one in particular is pretty appropriate RN.
Message: 3
"Silhouettes" - AVIICII
Press play, fast forward
Non stop we have the beaten path before us
It was all there, in plain sight
Come on people, we have all seen the sunshine
We will never get back to
To the old school
To the old rounds, it's all about the newfound
We are the newborn, the world knew all about us
(We are the future and we're here to stay)
We've come a long way since that day
And we will never look back, at the faded silhouette
We've come a long way since that day
And we will never look back
Look back at the faded silhouette
Straight ahead on the path we have before us
Day by day, soon the change will come
Don't you know we took a big step forward
Just lead the way and we pull the trigger
And we will never get back to
To the old school
To the old rounds, it's all about the newfound
We are the newborn, the world knew all about us
(We are the future and we're here to stay)
We've come a long way since that day
And we will never look back, at the faded silhouette
We've come a long way since that day
We've come a long way since that day
And we will never look back, at the faded silhouette
We've come a long way since that day
And we will never look back
Look back at the faded silhouette

@_date: 2019-11-16 22:40:20
@_author: Rob Avina 
@_subject: cypherpunks Digest, Vol 77, Issue 88 
How in the holy Universe would one ever distinguish that this "system" over
time was working anymore than random chance?  Also, what is the difference
between your system that Assassinates Politicians and a duplicate system in
which one donates small amounts of cash to sway peoples opinions away from
said politicians views, call it Political(instead of Character)
Assassination.  One says the correct phrase out loud/online/wherever,
enough times, it will take away power from their political rivals.  Make
people listen, because you have effectively muted your rival.  What would
be the difference, minus the permanency of death? I would say MY ideas is
far superior, as yours does not take into account in any way shape or form
the fact that even without computers, for centuries, good bad and even many
indifferent ideas had been remembered, from people who were in fact, long
dead?   Oh my gosh though, I believe I have just invented the internet!
People talking about shit they prefer instead of shit they don't!  GENIUS!
Sorry there's not enough murder for ya.  Plus, encryption breaks and your
"anonymity" just went out the window.

@_date: 2019-11-24 23:51:20
@_author: Rob Avina 
@_subject: BBC News: Queen Hind cargo ship carrying sheep overturns off 
Calling it now, this was Jim's first test of his new Assassination
for the uninitiated:

@_date: 2019-10-29 13:59:38
@_author: AlXBert2 
@_subject: Fwd: Dear Shirlene, 
[image: image.png]
Just don't hide it.  Thank you.
Please look into dis bruh, forget da video, look into da words!

@_date: 2019-09-03 12:10:02
@_author: Al Xbert 
@_subject: Fwd: Official request for Secret Service Protection for Candidate 
Have you heard about the 2020 Presidential Candidate's family that got
detained at the Disneyland resort property in Anaheim, CA for possession of
marijuana on August 13, 2019 at approximately 9pm in the Mickey & Friends
parking area?

@_date: 2020-04-02 10:46:32
@_author: Rob Avina 
@_subject: [OT] Has anyone news about Steve Kinney, please? (Cecilia Tanaka) 
I don't know him, but his insta, twitter and git names are all stevekinny
and steve.kinny at gmail.com is a valid hangouts account.  Try him there?

@_date: 2020-03-15 12:16:00
@_author: Rob Avina 
@_subject: Fwd: The FAX by email 
--------------Forwarded Message-------------
Facts are important.  There is an idea that they are becoming
bifurcated and will soon be obsolete.  I think this is a false idea.
A truth is only as true as the ideas surrounding it.
Following are 5 links.  In order of creation and a short description
of each.  They are hosted on Google servers, so they should be safe
and work.  Take the time and precautions you see fit.  I have.
Disney Disabled Services Letter.pdf  A letter to Disneyland's disabled
1fTx0DDN.txt & dontdoanythingaboutthisplease.txt are the same
document, a letter to CIA Director Haspel:
Business letter.pdf a letter to Chelsea Manning sent to her jail cell
in Virginia by mail, with a copy sent to her lawyer via twitter
A list of Fax numbers I have sent these documents to. Sorting by Date
or phone will give you a good idea of where I was trying to
communicate to. The "Done - Good" tab at the bottom is only successful
faxes with page count confirmations as copied from my account:
There are other facts, but these are some of mine.  Please look into this.
Thank you.& Aloha
