
@_date: 2019-11-19 17:31:04
@_author: Comet Dweller 
@_subject: Sweden drops rape investigation on assange 
On Tue, 19 Nov 2019 16:59:25 +0000 (UTC)
Sweden says it is dropping Assange rape investigation
        1) that's likely to be 'fake news'
        2) and even if it was true, they already did everything the americunt nazis told them to do. Their job was to make sure the americunt nazis can 'extradite' assange, and the swedish feminazi cunts did their job perfectly well.
        now, let's hear some bullshit about communists and how 'big businesses' are 'america's most persecuted miniroity'
Doesn't seem to be any reason to think it's fake news. As you say, it does rather now look as if Sweden has done its job in this. Assange remains in prison in the UK for breaching his bail conditions. This helpfully gives time for the USA to arrange for his extradition.
Assange said all along that the Swedish case was all about finding a way to get him to the USA, and the end result seems likely to be exactly that.

@_date: 2019-11-20 02:48:54
@_author: Comet Dweller 
@_subject: Sweden drops rape investigation on assange 
No, it's been said the bail breach sentence is now over and
UK lapdog is holding him purely pending US extradition games.
See tweetsums of the last few "court" hearings.
Oh well, same difference...

@_date: 2019-11-29 22:56:17
@_author: Comet Dweller 
@_subject: Virgil Griffith - Crypto Advocate and Educator Arrested at LAX 
"GRIFFITH was arrested at Los Angeles International Airport yesterday
and will be presented in federal court in Los Angeles later today.
U.S. Attorney Geoffrey S. Berman stated: "As alleged, Virgil Griffith
provided highly technical information to North Korea, knowing that
this information could be used to help North Korea launder money and
evade sanctions. In allegedly doing so, Griffith jeopardized the
sanctions that both Congress and the president have enacted to place
maximum pressure on North Korea's dangerous regime." Assistant
Attorney General John Demers said: "Despite receiving warnings not to
go, Griffith allegedly traveled to one of the United States' foremost
adversaries, North Korea, where he taught his audience how to use
blockchain technology to evade sanctions. By this complaint, we begin
the process of seeking justice for such conduct."
What the frag. How could that "conduct" be illegal? Didn't the US Gov learn about the idiocy of trying to keep math and algorithms secret with the whole encryption = weapons thing decades ago now?
Surely the North Koreans can just read all they need to know about blockchain via any number of freely available publications or websites. Github would be a good place to start, for example. Isn't this just pointlessly persecuting someone for doing something that no sane person would think of as illegal or criminal and which could, at worst, be of only trivial benefit to any putative enemy.

@_date: 2020-02-12 01:12:52
@_author: Comet Dweller 
@_subject: How the CIA used Crypto AG encryption devices to spy on countries 
Remember attempts: Lavabit, TrueCrypt, Clipper, ...
Not to dismiss your point at all but, unless you know for sure otherwise, I think it most likely that TrueCrypt's strange demise was nothing to do with the government and more to do with the authors getting full time, well paying jobs, families, and so on, and simply not having the time or personal motivation to continue developing TrueCrypt.
Additionally, TC had reached something of a technical crunch point with regards to GPT and EFI booting and a general need for updating. These problems have since been solved with VeraCrypt (thanks to Mounir Idrassi and all who have contributed) but it seems pretty clear that the TC devs just didn't have the time/interest any more.
The abrupt and strange nature of their termination of TC certainly raised eyebrows and stoked suspicious but I don't think it was suspicious. They'd just moved on.

@_date: 2020-02-18 11:43:43
@_author: Comet Dweller 
@_subject: "Queen Elizabeth II Won't Intervene in 'Political' Case Against 
Queen Elizabeth II Won't Intervene in 'Political' Case Against Julian Assange
      The development comes as several politicians including Australian MPs have spoken against prosecuting the journalist and called for his immediate release. Senator for Tasmania Peter Stuart Whish-Wilson called on the Australian government to intervene and bring Assange back home, saying journalism is not espionage.
    Queen Elizabeth II won’t get involved in the Julian Assange case because she "remains non-political at all times" says a letter sent to activist Christopher Lonsdale. Last month, he wrote a letter in support of Assange asking Her Majesty to pardon the whistleblower. "The persecution of Mr Assange, if taken to its ultimate conclusion (his death, or incarceration for life), will lead to destruction of press freedom, and freedom of speech globally".
        On 16 February, Lonsdale received the reply from Buckingham Palace, which said that the Queen would not intervene in the case. The activist then posted it on his Twitter account.
        I have received a reply back from Buckingham Palace following my letter & petition to the Queen in support of  some weeks ago. The response says, basically, that the Queen cannot intervene in issues which are Political. This should be used in court. pic.twitter.com/GJVRiAXcTV
            — Chris Lonsdale⏳ ( February 16, 2020
            This is text of the letter from the Palace that I have copied from  :
" I have been asked to write in response to your letter to The Queen from which careful note has been taken of your comments regarding Mr Julian Assange.
I must tell you, however, that as a constitutional Sovereign, Her Majesty acts on the advice of her Ministers and remain strictly non-political at all times. This is, therefore, not a matter in which The Queen would intervene. "
The reality, of course, is that the Queen *never* gets involved in *any* day to day issues. It doesn't matter whether or not the issue is arguably political -- she never gets publicly involved in any (allegedly) criminal issues either. She never takes any public action. She has ministers to do all that and the constitutional convention is that she leaves them to get on with it.
In *private* she might well comment to the PM if she thinks it right to do so when she meets him for her private briefings. Who knows, she might well have done so in this case. Personally, I would not be overly surprised if she had done so. But it will always be in private.
The phrase "careful note has been taken" might well mean something of value. (Or not, who can tell).
In any case, the lack of public action from her is not surprising and does not tell us anything about whether or not she has taken any private action about the Julian Assange issue. Even if she did take some private action (e.g. speaking to the PM), it would have limited real world effect. Her ministers are the ones with power to act. And the words "non-political" in the letter from the Palace should not be taken literally.

@_date: 2020-01-15 23:02:49
@_author: Comet Dweller 
@_subject: Assassination Politics - Harpers article 
Supporting what would be censorship, an attack on freedom of speech, merely because someone wrote something that generated negative publicity really is trolling gold.
Pretty good reason for Jim's messages to disappear.
I heard something on NPR in the car, part of their "This is Think"
series, about an article on Harpers about ... Assassination Politics!
The NPR story referenced Jim Bell and cypherpunks a bunch of times, and
rehashed a bunch of shit that is in the article (which I wasn't
familiar with).  It also talked about scammers with fake AP markets.
One of the things that struck me is that it seems most (none) of the
intended victims were *not* being killed for being part of the
government or being cops or anything remotely as Jim has idealized it.
They were people being targeted for the same old stupid reasons idiots
are always killing each other: unrequited love, jealousy, rage, etc.
Link below:
Couldn't find the NPR bit online, I imagine it will show up here in the
next day or so (it seems to be a couple days behind):
GPG fingerprint: 17FD 615A D20D AFE8 B3E4  C9D2 E324 20BE D47A 78C7

@_date: 2020-01-15 23:07:27
@_author: Comet Dweller 
@_subject: Governor Northan of Virginia plans to violate Constitutional 
Virginia plans emergency gun ban at Capitol ahead of protest: AP
January 15, 2020, 5:54 AM PST
FILE PHOTO: Virginia Governor Northam speaks to an gun control rally in Richmond
   How can people exercising their constitutional rights EVER be considered an "emergency"?  And worse, one which is used to 'justify' violation of exactly those rights?   I think this Governor Northam needs to FEAR doing what he's planning to do.
If he fears that some people are going to violate others' constitutional rights to assembly and to bear arms, he should prepare his government to arrest those who will be doing that violation, not those excertising those rights.  And he should never prohibit people from exercising their right to self-defense and to the defense of others, including using guns to do so.
It seems to me that the key question is: Does the Governor's declaration clearly and unambiguously violate any local laws or any terms of the Constitution? If yes, then there are ground to fight him (in court ideally). If no, then he's not actually violating the Constitution.
Also, if yes (he is violating local law or the Constitution) then this sort of thing represents a crunch point: How far are people willing to go to uphold their Constitutional rights? What exactly does the Constitution allow them (or even require them) to do?

@_date: 2020-01-29 11:49:00
@_author: Comet Dweller 
@_subject: Sacoolas case: Will it help Assange? 
The one silver lining to this cloud of a case (biker hit by diplomat's wife in UK, who fled to America claiming diplomatic immunity) is that it might make the British judges think twice about approving the extradiiton of Julian Assange to America.
No, they won't care. This is for three reasons: (1) The two cases are genuinely not substantively linked in any way, (2) the whole Sacoolas thing is Boris posturing so as to be seen to be doing something (even though it's a pointless something), and (3) Assange's extradition is already effectively decided; of course he's going to be extradited.
An additional point on the Sacoolas affair: As I understand it, she had legitimate and genuine diplomatic immunity in the UK. As such, there was never any possibility that she could be held accountable in any way or that she could ever be extradited from the USA. As the US State Department said, it would set a dangerous precedent to extradite her. Like it or not, they are right. Even when diplomats commit serious (alleged) crimes, they are in practice exempt from prosecution in the host country. That's the way it has always been and, all things considered, the way it should be. I.e. The benefits of this arrangement outweigh the drawbacks, overall.
It beggared belief in my view that the UK actually formally requested extradition of Sacoolas: They knew it would be rejected. They would have rejected it themselves if the circumstances had been reversed. The only possible reason to go ahead with the extradition request was, as I mentioned above, for the Boris administration to be seen to be doing something (even though they knew it could not, would not, and should not amount to anything). That the British government then expressed surprise at the rejection is even more absurd.
After some looking, mostly using google to find ' "Julian Assange" "extraterritoriality" '  , I haven't found anything credible justifying the extradition of Julian Assange, for any reason.
Isn't there an extradition treaty between the UK and USA? As such, if he is accused of a serious crime in the USA then there seems to be little reason for the UK courts or government to prevent his extradition (although the USA's apparent presumption of extraterritoriality certainly grates). He did not have diplomatic immunity, as Sacoolas did.

@_date: 2020-03-29 05:17:34
@_author: Comet Dweller 
@_subject: Cryptome Ponders Releasing Archive In Preparation For Corona 
If this stuff was being held back for a rainy day, I'd say this is the
rainy day. The longer it is held back, the longer it risks never being
Release it on as many diverse distribution channels as possible (in
digitally signed container files so as be able to show that it hasn't
been tampered with since leaving current storage).
