
@_date: 2019-12-10 19:45:29
@_author: DavidBridgewater-ndc@ndcks.com 
@_subject: You can hide the query string 
For the answer of ugly links on urls of your advertisers. You
can hide the query string on these urls but not the directory
links.  If you need assistance on getting this done we do cold
fusion consulting for very reasonable prices.
    TT Internet Solutions
        contact our CTO
    Mike Hughes
    mike at texastoday.net
    210-313-3783
David Bridgewater
Independent Internet Consultant
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site  John Stitzel
oldstitz at yahoo.com
Site   stuart.reid at ntlworld.com
Site   Michael Blanchette
mfj at netway.com
Site   Len Seider
Lenseider at cs.com
Site   webmaster at alabastercove.com
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site LauriGal47 at aol.com
This site was like a 'favorites' page, so I have suggestions
to improve or add to the site. But, I also could not figure
out the focus of this site, so keep that in mind while
reading my suggestions.
At the top of the page is said "Flame's Hearth II" which
leaves me to assume there is a page "I" - if so, link to it.
There was no introduction, explaining what I would get
out of scrolling down through the site, so in effect, no
reason for me to see more than what I could in the first
screen area.
There was a lot of blank space between the categories,
which makes the page seem longer. And explanations
by the links telling me why those were your favorite
pages, or what links were brand new would have been
helpful.  Maybe date the free sample links.
Kind of a neat page of freebies.  Not too cluttered. Liked it.
First Impression: BLAND,
Seems obvious that Lauri is very new at this and is using a
cookie cutter web-builder. Well, Lauri I am still pretty green
behind the ears myself and need the cookie cutters, too.
If your web-builder allows you variety in color, fonts, adding
pictures etc, play around and bring excitement into this site.
I am not really sure what you expect the results to be for your
site? Purpose? for example: I have this site to share free stuff
as a means to get visitors so I can then offer other stuff
which I am selling.
If that is the case, instead of  leading with your favorite
sites (which are not all that exciting either), why not do a site
which gets traffic because your main emphasis is on the FREE
stuff?  Or on what ever your site's purpose is.
Your website address is pretty iffy. You could benefit from
a domain name here.
Lauri, I am not putting you down, I congratulate you for
taking the step. That is how we learn. Just play with it, look
for tools, ask others how they do it, etc., and over time you'll
get okay at that. The more sites you review yourself, the
better you will get. Also, consider to find a local kid (they
are so good at that stuff) who can be hired for a few dollars
to help you.  My children did my site, artwork and all. I hope this helps you.
I liked the layout of the site - it was easy to read
but it wasn't very inviting.  I think it needs more
colours and perhaps some graphics or even small
promotional banners down the right side.
This looks like a first attempt for someone building a web
page, and is missing some basic and necessary information
to be viewed by more than family and friends. If LaurieGal
wants to get traffic to her site she needs to add meta tags
and specific keywords, contact information, and some
wording that shows personality or uniqueness.
The links are good links, and specializing in finding free
products to order off the internet is a good idea, but there
are a million sites that do this. An introduction or personal
comments about each product or link would be helpful
and set this site apart.
The colors are easy to view, the layout clean and easy to
scroll through, but this site doesn't have any personality.
Nice simple design, soft colors. To make this site seem
bigger and not just a one page site, maybe create a separate
page for each category, and add a one line description
after each link.
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
