
@_date: 1995-02-07 20:10:39
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: Re: a new way to do anonymity 
From: weidai at eskimo.com ("Wei Dai")
   P.S. I never gave a name for the protocol... let's call it Pipe-net.
I don't think we really need a separate name for it just yet.  The
idea is composed of two pretty much independent elements: packet
forwarding and virtual link encryption.  These can be implemented
separately and then combined to yield the kind of network interaction
Getting the details right will be difficult, and I'd suggest that is
where the discussion might profitably turn next.

@_date: 1995-02-07 20:23:52
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: RE: a new way to do anonymity 
From: jcorgan at aeinet.com (Johnathan Corgan)
   There are many, many analogies you can draw about a network of this
   type to an ATM (asynchronous transfer mode) network.  Thank you for the analogy.  It's always good not to reinvent the wheel
when you don't need to.
   The switched path could be set up and torn down dynamically by the user by
   interacting with the "switch" at each point to select the next hop the    encrypted byte stream will follow.
When you set up a mapping on a packet forwarder, this is exactly the
kind of initialization that would be required.  It is also at this
point that keying would be negotiated, etc.
   Fixed length data packets (at the encrypted telnet level) also make it very
   easy to aggregate individual circuits into higher bandwidth pipes that
   connect server to server.
Now here's an important detail that needs to get done right.  Is the
forwarding for fixed length packets, variable length packets, or
streams?  Is this decision global or local?  What are the latency and
aggregatation effects?  How important are these for different classes
of data?  (telnet v. voice, e.g.)
I'd suggest just getting something running first, to get some
prototyping experience.

@_date: 1995-02-08 06:20:39
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: RE: a new way to do anonymity 
From: jcorgan at aeinet.com (Johnathan Corgan)
   One of the lessons learned in the years-long debate between the
   telco folks pushing synchronous time-division multiplexing point to
   point circuit switches and the data folks pushing variable length
   packet-switched broadcast medium networks is that fixed length
   packets can give you both TDM and statistical multiplexing.
There's an important difference here.  Namely, the telco/ATM folks
were building hardware from scratch and we're not.  We're layering on
top of an existing Internet routing environment.
This doesn't mean that your point is wrong, but that it may no longer
be true when the base layer is IP.  I'm not familiar enough with the
ATM arguments to know whether they're still valid in this other
