
@_date: 2013-03-08 03:13:31
@_author: Erich M. 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Can HAM radio be used for communication between 
Hash: SHA1
That may be a subrosa reason governments fight so hard to control
them. That is clearly why some shortwave broadcasts are jammed.
t's why the amateur service was cut off during WWII. That's also my
conclusion about why amateurs are not allowed to use codes and
 ciphers (speaking of US here).
Jim and all,
As to krypto. Well, these are historic reasons. BUT: We are licensed
to use _any_ digital protocol, as long as we open the "protocol" and
the "compression" algorithm. So we may broadcast signalsd
Whats on now, here? Yesterday the Vienna hacker space Metalab was
crowded with dozens of haXors and a few older ham radio _geeks_. One
of the latter held a lecture on some basics of amateur radio.
Everybody of those listening  will do their all bands 100 Watt exams,
that allows them operating from around 40 CEPT countries without
notice for three months. USA included. 50 other Metalab haXors already
have their diploma. All between 20 and 35.
Next came OE1DNS [early thirties, licence three years ago] and had a
screenshow on extraterrestrial broadcasting. satellites, moon bouncing
and so on. OE4DNS and OE1RFC [note the callsign suffices pse] wert the
digital operators. OE1HWS coordinated that all. This dear OM is twice
the age of the others.
At the CCC Camp in 2011 the first ham haXor group ever here mounted an
enormous home brew double yagi on an old water pipe that had rested on
the "graveyard of undead antennas and masts" in my garden for years.
Add a rotor and a Volkswagen bus containing a transceiver plus a 1,5
KW power amp. Thus the Metalab OPs hit the moon on 144 MHz using the
"officially allowed amp out" & a digital protocol named  WSJT by K1JT
- - a nobel prize winner - for space comms
 These signals from CCC Camp broadcast from a former Soviet Air Base
were successfully "restaurated". WSJT sports AFAIR eight different
sorts of error correction.
And many amateurs are so blasted conservative politically, but I don't
know why that is!
Can help here. Estimated 30-40+ [my estimate] percent of US ham ops
are military or deeply entwined via military contractors. Some of them
handle that pretty openly on qrz.com. This is the most influential ham
social network. Russian OPs, next biggest group on the air. Incredibly
strong signals. Military PAs.
Half a dozen stations in my logfiles [I dont run many QSOs] from 2010
oan have been located less than 20 km away from November Sierra Alpha
premises in Maryland. Ten times more related in West Virginia.
This is experimentation, and tinkering, and hacking, and potentially
liberation, but in the electronics sphere.
An hour ago I was discussing the use of a mini vertical network
analyzer [400 USD Java prog running on Linux too] via OE1XUU vhf
repeater here with other hams/haX0rs . All of us round 50 Km were
talking to each other using less than 5 Watts either in Handsets or @
stations in QTH . All those on this list licensend might come in to
talk to us @ the NightOWLS QSO starting from 23 hours UTC. You only
need an echolink capable amateur radio repeater somewhere  near to you
and a 5 Watt handset sporting numeric inputs. Thus you can set up full
scale _conference call_ between - say - San Francisco and Vienna in a
minute. The ham radio echolink voice repeaters are linked via the net.
There is a ton of potential that should not be ignored.
Right. I could hold lecture on how to refurbish an antique  6 meter CB
aluminium monster to play on 5 shortwave bands [20 to meters to ten]
without much tuning in the shack using a matchbox [antenna tuner]. 500
Watts are realistic now using junkyard hardware.
Made it into New Zealand where I could not reach despite my mighty
longwire "fixed beam" . There is a visible gap in the diagram
partially filled by the vertical. By WE I should have completed my 2nd
42 meter non moveable beam to another directon namely SSW straight.
73 de
Erich OE3EMB
This is English showing the German HAMnet in 2009
