
@_date: 2019-12-10 19:45:29
@_author: Frank Sudia 
@_subject: Fw: CfP - Workshop on Security of Mobile Multiagent Systems 
Sender: bounce-dcsb at reservoir.com
Reply-To: "Frank Sudia" [Other branches of computer science discovering security.]
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Thursday, February 01, 2001 11:30 PM
This message was sent to several mailing lists.
We apologise if you receive multiple copies of it.
   CALL FOR PAPERS
   First International Workshop on
  SECURITY OF MOBILE MULTIAGENT SYSTEMS (SEMAS-2001)
  To be held at the
  Fifth International Conference on Autonomous Agents (Agents 2001)
   Montreal, Canada
    May 29th 2001
    The far reaching influence of the Internet  has  resulted  in  an
increased  interest in agent technologies, which  are poised to play a
key  role in the implementation of  successful  Internet and WWW-based
applications in  the future.  While  there is still  considerable hype
concerning agent technologies,  there is also an increasing  awareness
of the problems involved.  In particular, that these applications will
not    be successful    unless   security issues   can be   adequately
handled. Although there  is a   large  body of work on   cryptographic
techniques that   provide  basic  building-blocks  to  solve  specific
security   problems, relatively little    work   has  been done     in
investigating   security  in  the    multiagent system context.    The
introduction  of  mobile software  agents  significantly increases the
risks  involved in Internet  and WWW-based applications.  For example,
if  we allow agents to  enter our hosts or   private networks, we must
offer the agents a platform so that  they can execute correctly but at
the same time  ensure that they will not  have deleterious effects  on
our hosts or any  other agents / processes  in our network. If we send
out mobile agents, we  should also be able to provide guarantees about
specific aspects of their behaviour, i.e., we  are not only interested
in  whether the agents carry-out   their intended task correctly. They
must defend themselves against attacks initiated  by other agents, and
survive in potentially malicious environments.
Agent technology can also   be used to  support network  security. For
example in  the  context of intrusion  detection, intelligent guardian
agents  may  be used to implement   active  protection strategies on a
firewall or  intelligent monitoring agents  can be used to analyse the
behaviour  of  agents   migrating   through  a network.  Part   of the
inspiration  for such multi-agent  systems comes from primitive animal
behaviour, such as that of guardian ants protecting their hill or from
biological immune systems.
Topics of Interest
