
@_date: 1995-02-07 19:29:22
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: RE: a new way to do anonymity 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
There are many, many analogies you can draw about a network of this type
to an ATM (asynchronous transfer mode) network.  By simplifying just slightly
from what you describe to only include an encrypted, switched-pipe methodology,
you now have a "cloud" type network with service entry points that are defined
by a pair of byte streams (one in each direction).
The switched path could be set up and torn down dynamically by the user by
interacting with the "switch" at each point to select the next hop the encrypted byte stream will follow.  Of course, just like in remailer chaining,
the data that indicates which hop to follow is encrypted with the data in a
form only the switch can decrypt.  Alternatively, once a path is set up between
switches, it can be assigned a virtual path identifier that has only local
significance at each hop, with the switch performing a lookup to forward
packets and substituting a new path number with significance at the next hop.
The above description is pretty unclear, I think, but many of these concepts have been fleshed out to a significant amount of detail in ATM circles.
Fixed length data packets (at the encrypted telnet level) also make it very
easy to aggregate individual circuits into higher bandwidth pipes that
connect server to server.  With these continuously running with cover traffic,
individual circuit establishment is much more immune from traffic analysis.
Cover traffic is substituted with real traffic as necessary, up to the bandwidth
of the pipe.
To summarize, what has been described is a method to establish a "network within
a network", using encrypted telnet, to provide a connection oriented, unreliable
packet switched link layer protocol.  Sounds remarkably similar to IP (except
for the connection oriented portion of it.)
What can you do with a network like this?  By layering a TCP process on top of this "Pipe-Net" IP like service, any of the standard TCP based application protocols can function between two end point systems, such as SMTP, FTP, HTTP,
What is so neat about this is that it could probably be done in user space,
and since the packet based protocol is defined as unreliable, switches could
come and go, with some sort of switch-to-switch protocol that propagates route
Eric, you could probably chew on the trust implications of all this.
Perry, I'm sure all the IPSP/SSL/SOCKS/whatever stuff you know so well could
provide a lot of building blocks for this type of thing.
Wei, your traffic analysis treatment of this sort of thing would go a long way
toward uncovering weaknesses and determining operational requirements and Tim, what massive social effects would it have if this type of network service
were to become widely deployed? :)
At first glance, this Pipe-Net idea doesn't seem to take a lot of rocket science; it seems that most of the components or algorithms are are already in use, just in a very different way.
I can think of a number of problems already, however.  Spamming.  Bandwidth
limitations.  Complexity of client and switch software.  Standards.  Flow
In other works, all the stuff the ATM forum is already dealing with :)
Come to think of it, has anyone thought of something like this before?
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent."
jcorgan at aeinet.com                    -Isaac Asimov
WWW:                     ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/jc/jcorgan/home.html

@_date: 1995-02-07 22:53:33
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: RE: a new way to do anonymity 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Exactly.  Anywhere we can "stand on the shoulders" of others reduces wasted
time and effort.
Encrypt-Telnet to a switch process.  Use text based command line sequence
to check outbound paths, bandwidth available, negotiate quality of service,
execute digital payment arrangements, etc.  Conclude the transaction and
get bumped to your next hop, where it happens all over again.
Done right, it could probably be automated.  It seems like a lot of effort,
but if you remember that once an initial session is established with your
Pipe-net Service Provider (tm), a given circuit can be relatively long-lived.
One of the lessons learned in the years-long debate between the telco folks
pushing synchronous time-division multiplexing point to point circuit switches and the data folks pushing variable length packet-switched broadcast medium
networks is that fixed length packets can give you both TDM and statistical
multiplexing.  So, at the bottom most session layer, moving bits around in
fixed chunks allows you to do things easier like bandwidth pre-allocation,
aggregation, circuit based congestion control, and negotiated quality of
service agreements to end points in the network.
To learn from the efforts that have come from the thousands of people working
on ATM, we could take a look at what has emerged as the "ATM Adaptation Layer."
AAL specifies methods to encapsulate various data formats and quality of service
requirements onto this fixed length, continuous stream of data packets.  There
is one for voice traffic, which requires fixed bandwitdth and very little relative
latency, another for LAN type data packets, which have bursty bandwidth requirements and variable packet sizes.  Your comment above is accurate in that the
requirements involved in a Telnet session are vastly different from say, PGP
Phone over TCP.
The good part about all this is that a lot of the thinking, testing, prototyping,
and standardization has already been done.  The standards exist today for adapting
variable bandwidth, variable packet length, variable latency data packets onto
a continous stream of fixed length packets moving through a switched network.
This reminds me of the old days of Packet Radio which used intelligent repeaters
that you would access (via command line), determine your next repeater, then
log into it, etc.  I once established virtual circuit from Connecticut to Florida
over 2 meter packet that took 25 or so hops, and had a transit delay of a half
an hour.  Primitive, kludgy, unreliable, and essentially useless, but totally cool.
An opportunity presents itself here to establish this Pipe-net style service
network, that would greatly expand the ability for network users to essentially
bypass all the crap which appears to be coming down on us from our friendly representatives in Washington, who are trying so hard to "protect" us from ourselves. Of course.  What I've outline is a pretty ambitious goal.  I'd be happy to see
primitive switch implementations that do nothing more than forward TCP streams.
Its a start and we would learn a lot along the way.  Alas, I don't do Unix; my
programming expertise is in (gasp) the Windows environment.  So it looks like
I could start looking at the requirements implementation of a Winsock interface
that made all this stuff transparent to an end user.  Important consideration.
I suppose the IRC folks could add their experience to the mix.  In a very real
way, IRC _is_ a packet switched unicast/multicast stream service on top of the
'net.  Do we have any IRC op types onboard here?
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent."
jcorgan at aeinet.com                    -Isaac Asimov
WWW:                     ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/jc/jcorgan/home.html
