
@_date: 2019-12-10 19:45:29
@_author: LanaVickery-wealth@znet.net.au 
@_subject: Places to look for web forms 
Ng Lye Fong,
I know you've had a couple of long replies to this query re simple html form, but if you have a look at site  you'll see a VERY easy way of getting the info you want, and it is a simple cut & paste html code. Let me know if you want it and I'll get the code to you. You can email me from the site, using the facility I'm talking about.
There might also be something of interest for you at:  . Just a thought.  Many thanks.
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   webmaster at alabastercove.com
Site   N Venugopal Rao
nvengo at rediffmail.com
Site   info at traces.nu
Site   April Williams
xena6 at bellsouth.net
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site   Len Seider
Lenseider at cs.com
Hello Len - I reviewed your site. First I clicked to skip the flash
intro. I was glad you had that option on your page as I hate
waiting for those to download.
Your site is easy to navigate, and all the pages relate with the
blue background, planets at the top, and the use of frames. The
light blue text on the dark blue background can be tricky to read
Also, even with your philosophy written out, I could not grasp
what the purpose of your site was. I never was quite sure what
you were trying to accomplish.  By adding explanations on the
'Our Team' and 'Site Index' page, maybe an introduction on the
'Home' page, I and I would think your other visitors would be
better able to tell how you can help them.
It sounds like you know what you are talking about, but I would
take a guess your audience doesn't.
First impression: Duuhhh.  The flash part never went into operation
although I went to get some water, messed with the dogs, still no
action. Something needs fixn'.
I bypassed that portion then and  the next page looks very pleasing,
but that is if you like to just relax. If you want to get your visitors
attention, there has to be more to catch the interest.. Unfortunately
today's visitor does not take the time to squint at pale text on a
background no matter how relaxing it might feel.  The page gives
certain IMAGE of refinement and that is possibly what you like to
convey, but will it sell anything unless your cliental is already sold?
Just my thoughts on the matter.
This was a fast loading site with minimal graphics (apart from the
Our Team page which I was disappointed to find were just animations
and not photos of the team!) and I liked the option to view without
the Flash.  The Inclick graphic is missing on all the pages and
needs to be uploaded.
Although I read through the info quite carefully, I'm still puzzled
to what this website sells!  The home page tells us that the website
purpose is to communicate but I'm sorry it failed to communicate to
me just what services were provided.
I assume Len Seider is an individual, so was disappointed there
wasn't information about him, his background, a picture, or why
I should trust him.
I don't care for the use of frames, and I don't think they were
necessary for this site as there were only 4 pages, but the layout
was organized well and carried through the whole site.
First off, the blue on blue words are very hard on the eyes.  The
home page sounds more like philosophy than a discription of what
your services are.  What exactly do you do?  Do you focus
increasing a company's market share? Are you strictly a marketing
company?  Are you a consulting firm?  All of the above?
The "our team" page took forever to load (56k).  Does every pic
need to be animated?  What is your purpose for this page? 
Do you
offer every service in the animations, or do you improve on existing
services a company has in place?
Why do you have a site index page for a 4 page (one of them being
the index page itself) web site?  It's just a couple of links
not an index of pages in your site.   Visiting this site
left me so
confused that the only way to find out about your services is to use
the contact us page.  Maybe this is some clever trick that pulls
of calls, but it just made me close the browser window.
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
