
@_date: 2019-12-10 19:45:29
@_author: MichelCt	-michelc@webdo3d.com 
@_subject: No, you can download anything on the net 
I don't want to destroy everything Ed said in his answer in Issue  about protecting the images, but on the Internet if you can see it you already downloaded it, you can just scan your browser's cache directory to find it.
The two ways to protect images are good up to a point.  The Javascript right-click event can be dealt with in one of 2 ways.  The first is to simply disable the browser's JavaScript, then you can use your right-click all you want...
The other way is to simply click on the "Get Source" in the Display menu.  That way you can see the source code, find the right image and download it right off.
What I would suggest would be to use a watermark in the image.  That way if someone does download the image and uses it on another site you can prove it's a rip-off...
Michel Cï¿½tï¿½,
Superviseur programmation/mise ï¿½ jour
Webdo Design.
Tï¿½l: 1-450-753-9200
Fax: 1-450-753-9878
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   healthychoice at earthlink.net
Site   MDegaston at aol.com
Site   Carol Hall
carol at floridarental.co.uk
Site   James Garrison
webmaster at sharesmiles.com
Site   gofreet at yahoo.com.au
Site   info at tpcenterprises.com
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site   April Williams
xena6 at bellsouth.net
I reviewed site 138 mysticforest.com  This is a great, easy to
navigate site!  I loved the layout (and the candles!)  The
distraction I found was the way the backgrounds changed
for each page. Perhaps a single background used over and
over would be better? Just an opinion!  Keep up the great
The pages load nice and quickly, although the backgrounds
are not consistent and the layouts are not equidistant.
Your pages should not be as long as they are. Page one
should have been split up into two pages, and if you use
a frame for your menu, you will only need one static menu
per page, that can easily be found.
Some of the pics are not clear enough. The site has potential,
but needs refinement.
Oh! I loved this site.  I was ready to order except for a couple
of things. First, your shipping link wasn't working, and though
I could see shipping charges on the order form, but didn't see
any information on how long it would take before I would get
the candles.  I didn't see the info on ccnow until after I had
left the order form, and I wasn't familiar with them.
So, when you refer to ccnow on the order form, make their
name an active link so customers can view information about
them before ordering. Maybe just a small pop-up box with
info about them.  And, give an estimate on how long it is
between time the order is placed and when I would receive.
I think there are a couple things you could do to just make
it easier to use the order form, maybe have some friends or
non-internet savvy people you know go through it while
you watch and see where they hesitate or pause or have
I've never heard of any place I could choose color and
scent and style of the candles I want. I burn candles alot,
and will definitely be back to your site to see if you have
the shipping time  information, and then I'll order.
Liked the background of blue fabric.  The site was well laid
out and most of the links worked (but Shipping didn't work
for me).
I loved the design your own candle section but it would have
been helpful to click the options and have them entered into
the shopping cart automatically rather than have to try to
remember them to enter later.  The pages with candle graphics
took a while to load - perhaps thumbnails linked to allow
selection to larger pics would help?  Lots of helpful info
about candles.  Interesting site.
Hi April,
I love the Celtic font.
Would you be interested in nestling your lovely candles
into a forest/nature background on your site?
  has free graphics, photos
etc, and one photo is a forest. When I saw it, I immediately
thought of your sensual candles and your site name.
Do you reckon it would work?
BTW, I think April is a beautiful name, and (to me) very
evocative of Nature, and you could use it to your advantage
at your site.  Just a thought.
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
