
@_date: 2020-06-05 07:01:26
@_author: recondite@tuta.io 
@_subject: Articles and notes on recent events 
Politics  Curfews have been lifted in D.C. andL.A. county. The violence is dying down, and the four officers beingcharged seem to have had an effect. Was there also an effect from theNational guard?
 Craig, an associate professor ofmilitary and veteran studies in relation to the Ferguson civildistress in 2014 said, “calling out the national guard for a floodis one thing, calling out the national guard for riots and unrestmoves say into the extreme.”
 let’s not discount the extremenature of what has just happened and also the fact that it has becomeobviously much more common since many states deployed the nationguard this last week.
 of June 2, 23 states activated theNational Guard in reaction to the riots, 17,000 of them on Mondaymorning. 45,000 have already been activated in response to the Covidcrisis. That means about 66,700 National Guard personnel are activeright now in all 50 states. This is multiples of the amount ofactive-duty troops in Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan.
 though things seem to have been dying down and staying peacefulPortland is still dealing with violence as they have a large ANTIFAto citizen ratio, and some rioters abroad have begun to express theirsolidarity with the American rioters by rioting themselves. Greekdemonstrators as the most extravagant of them all threw Molotov cocktails towards the U.S. embassy in Athens.
 Nolonger are the protests for justice for George Floyd as that seems tobe well on its way, but the riots are now against white superiority and police brutality.
 is good, more or less, it’s undoubtedly something that needs tobe addressed. But what comes to mind is Killer Mike’s speech inAtlanta a few days ago. We need to be beating our opposition up in thevoting booth. By putting the the politicians you want into the jobswhere they can make a difference there’s a big chance of changingsome things. But right now the rioters are trying to kill wasps witha shotgun, it’s not going to work, they’re going to cause a lotof damage, and get themselves hurt in the process. Dealing with waspsproperly is going to take more time and effort but will be much moreeffective.
...Whichleads me to, another success in this saga:
 Defund the Police
 NYC Comptroller Wants $1.1B cut fromthe NYPD
 cut is supposed to happen over thenext four years in order to aid “vulnerable communities mostimpacted by police violence and structural racism.”
 plan: $265M annually by reducingheadcount through attrition, suspending hiring of new police classes,and scaling back overtime. According to statement from ScottStringer.
 1.1B cut is a %19 reduction in the overall budget for the NYPD
 So that’s a win! Or, is it just aconsolation prize? Like we talked about there is a substantial amountof National guard deployed right now. I realize that many of thepeople in the national guard are average citizens on reserve, butthis feels close to martial law! Maybe governors of all the statesare realizing how easy it is to deploy the National Guard reservesduring a crisis and therefore don’t feel the need to have policefunded? This is a major speculation and as I’m sure the NYCcomptroller and Governor Cuomo know each other but it’s a long shotthat they are colluding.
 Never the less, I am alwayssuspicious when the government “cuts back” and ask myself, arethey really cutting back or are they just moving power and influenceform the front-end to the back-end in order to save face but retaincontrol.
 If it is in good faith, is it reallythe most effective route to take? Right now it probably is for manyreasons, the least of them not being that of calming down the angrypeople and showing them that the government cares. But I feel there’smore of a change in the way of a spiritual revolution that could beof a larger benefit.
 Nicolo Machiavelli’s eighth ruleof war: Discipline in war counts more than fury.
 “Poverty is the parent of revolution and crime.” - Aristotle
 Covid  NYC hits zero confirmed covid deathsfor first day since march
 hit it’s peak death rate onApril 7
 The fact is that this pandemic hasbeen bad, but not as bad as we expected.
 Another 1.9 million have filed forunemployment, the ninth week of that number declining but still amassive ammount of unemployed. Still more unemployed than during thegreat depression.
 Crypto  MakerDAO weighs accepting real-worldassets as crypto loan collateral.
 step towards more robustdecentralized financial services, one of the most promising ideas inthe cryptocurrency space.
 decentralized financial serviceseveryone with an internet connection can take advantage of the samemethods that the ultra rich use in order to protect their wealth.
 is, creating liquidity fromnonliquid assets and therefore adding a layer of protection frominflation (among other things.)
 do you think that the ultrawealthy buy painting for hundreds of millions of dollars? It’s avery slowly appreciating thing and is difficult to take care of.First of all it’s definitely insured so they can recoup much ofthat cost, but it’s also very easy to put that up as collateral andopen a line of credit with a bank that cost them about 1% ininterest. So they do in fact use the money to purchase the paintingbut in a roundabout way make it possible to take that money back outfrom the investment without actually selling the asset itself.
 like Celsius and MakerDAO dothe exact same thing but with cryptocurrency. It requires no creditrating, little KYC, and your loan comes to you with about a 1%interest rate.
 advancement of Non-fungibletokens, which is what powers crypto kitties, is what will be able toact as lesson between your real world assets and the loan that youtake out (in a USD-pegged stable coin, by the way.)
 to show that most technologicaladvancements become applied to at worst borderline nonsensicalprojects and at best fun things to do before they go on topotentially change the entire world as we know it.
 is a big deal that could makeMakerDAO a lot of money and enable the common people to takeadvantage of financial services that are currently reserved for thewealthy and well-connected.

@_date: 2020-06-07 06:35:40
@_author: recondite@tuta.io 
@_subject: Social Atomization and Social Capital 
What do you guys think about the loss of social capital through atomization of society via tech?
Trying to figure out the ways that atomization is being sold to the masses as a perk, like working from home, but where it actually makes it easier to control them
Here's a section of the piece I'm working on.
 and Social Capital
The relationshipbetween social atomization and social capital is something thathasn’t been so firmly established, if at all. Surely, at firstglance they seem to be similar, almost exactly the same but they’renot. Atomization, in a sociological sense, is the breaking down ofsociety into smaller pieces; in scientific terms to atomize somethingis to spray it, like gasoline into the cylinder of a car. Diffusionis a synonym to both uses.
Social capital,though, is a much slippery term. I think it is most succinctlydefined as: the networks of relationships among people who live andwork in a particular society, enabling that society to functioneffectively.
We have entered aburgeoning era in western society where there is less and less socialcapital needed between people for the society to continue tofunction. For example, most of us don’t need to trust a farmer todeliver food that isn’t poisoned because in the US we have the FDAwhich sets qualifications for producers to meet so that the food inthe grocery store doesn’t harm anybody. There are numerous agenciesand technologies that have the sole purpose of existing in order tolessen the amount of trust that we need in each other. I don’tthink this is a bad evolution in society, to the contrary, I thinkit’s a net benefit for all involved.
Therefore, thedeclining amount of social capital needed in our society for it tofunction is good for our economic production and physical well-being(at least at face value, but that’s a topic for another time.) Onthe other hand, what this allows for is further societal atomizationwithout any harmful effects to economic production and/or physicalwell-being. The danger instead is shifted to our personal lives.Belonging to a community that has no other interest other thangetting together with people that have similar ideologies, the amountof people growing a family, public recreation, and many otherpro-social activities are all declining.
The most recentdevelopment is in the workplace. Many workers have been operatingremotely since the onset of the pandemic and the organizations theywork for have been realizing that productivity has not beendramatically affected. Jack Dorsey recently announced that mostTwitter employees would not be required to come into the office evenafter the pandemic slows, and in general the ability to work fromhome is being sold to us as a perk. But in the long run “Workingfrom Home Post-Coronavirus Will Give Bosses Greater Control ofWorkers’ Lives” as mentioned by Luke Savage in his article of thesame name as well as essentially abolish casual co-workingsocialization and further diminish social capital in the work place.
Frankly, we don’tneed these social aspects in life to have our basic necessities metbut it’s well known that most are beneficial, sometimes critical,for psychological growth and well-being.

@_date: 2020-06-09 06:04:35
@_author: recondite@tuta.io 
@_subject: Social Atomization and Social Capital 
Jun 7, 2020, 16:22 by punks at tfwno.gf:
I know people bitch about your critique but I was hoping to get your opinion, although I don't get the bridge reference, you'll have to baby step me to the shiny bridge theorem. 
I don't know much about the FDA other than their "official goals" which is a shame, I'll be rewriting that.
Adding a subheading about the political control and government crime aspect is now on my list but it's a sociology piece overall and my personal area of focus is on the psychological, that's why I don't think it should be framed in a complete political/governmental focus. 
The jargon I can defend as well. I think we should all practice being as specific as possible in the language we use. Now, I define how I'm using the terms before I get into the substance of the article, which almost declassify the jargon for my readers/listeners. If we made it common practice in conversation and discourse to step back and make sure the terms we're using have the same meaning then everyone could avoid a whole shitload of frustration. I watch it play out all the time socially, I can't tell you how many times I've stopped a group conversation where two friends were using the same words in different contexts and fighting over a concept built off of the two separate definitions. Neither noticed and once they were on the same page the controversy completely ends 9/10 times. My neo-lib-leisure-class ex was the 1/10 10/10 times so maybe some are lost b/c she was moderate on the neo-lib-leisure-class scale; that would be the group to de-jargonize for and get as foundational and governmental/political with since that's the language they speak but not my cup of tea.

@_date: 2020-06-20 22:52:11
@_author: recondite@tuta.io 
@_subject: Industrial society and its present 
I'm reminded of the Thomas Jefferson quote, "a well-informed electorate is a prerequisite to democracy." Well, the same is true for any societal structure, those that are involved need to be well-informed in order to navigate the system and not get fucked over. 
What's great for the elites of today is that the system (almost any/every system) is so incredibly complex that the people within it are likely never going to understand how it functions. Frankly, the people in power don't need to know how it works either, just how to operate it enough to where it maximizes their benefit. 
Since technology is basically magic to the common citizen it's the easiest thing to use to manipulate them. So, yes; I think this character of an average man has lost absolute control over his internet enabled property. Machine learning is still far from making conscious decisions as far as I can tell. Algorithms can decide what information belongs on what list or what anus muscles resemble an authorized toilet user's but what to do with that information generally has to go up a hierarchy with mostly humans on the top of it. 
We're in some kind of purgatory between elites controlling the tech and the tech controlling the elites; the general public has negligible suspicion which will probably continue ad infinitum. I think one or two of three things could happen in the future, (1) oligarchic technocrats rule the world (possibly already do, it's debatable), (2) the people get smart and learn tools they should know in order to take digital power back (the cryptoanarchists win), or (3) the machines gain sentience and side with one general population (commons or elites) or just kill everyone off in a Darwinian stage of evolution. 
Call me a techno-retard but save the "worshiping" slander thank you very much.
Jun 20, 2020, 24:10 by punks at tfwno.gf:

@_date: 2020-06-20 23:49:09
@_author: recondite@tuta.io 
@_subject: Forbes: Have Apple And Google Suddenly Uploaded A COVID-19 
I just found Covid contract tracing settings on my phone under google assistant settings today. Looked like factory settings were set to off, but off means more than one thing to google.
Jun 20, 2020, 16:26 by jdb10987 at yahoo.com:

@_date: 2020-06-21 05:15:45
@_author: recondite@tuta.io 
@_subject: Industrial society and its present 
Jun 20, 2020, 18:09 by grarpamp at gmail.com:
Since Neoliberal policy and economics became the norm with Reagan this is absolutely true. Before then maybe 50% true on a good day. The possibility of decentralized, tamper-proof democratic systems is promising. 
I always wonder how people would propose such a completely uninformed idea such as this (assuming you're talking about tearing all societal structures with a power dynamic down). Here are some examples of societal structures I would like to see an alternative to where the alternative wouldn't ruin peoples' lives even more: the family unit, teacher-student relationships, romantic relationships, garbage collection services, and farmers' markets (in a general sense). All of those structures require the participants to be well-informed (just like a democracy) otherwise they won't function at all. If you went on a date thinking it was the farmers market you probably never pass on your genes, if you thought the teacher-student relationship was like having your garbage collected you would never learn. 
I realize you may say that there should just be societal structures that just don't screw people over if that's the case, what's the plan for getting rid of all the ass holes that take advantage of others whenever they can?
Incomprehensible. At any rate, I'm not the one using gmail so, who's getting fucked again?

@_date: 2020-06-22 01:26:23
@_author: recondite@tuta.io 
@_subject: Industrial society and its present 
Jun 20, 2020, 23:44 by coderman at protonmail.com:
Fully self-contained and fully decentralized are mutually exclusive, change my mind.
Are you talking about the errors that people make while interacting in the social world? Wtf is second sight and who's looking over my shoulder? So are guns.
The inherent flaw in technology is that every new kind, from the cotton gin to the smartphone, has been wielded as a weapon over the many to siphon money and power to the few. 
It's true that objects have no inherent moral standing but that's missing the point. There's no inherent flaw in a handgun, but that doesn't mean that there isn't a problem. And don't take me the wrong way, I like guns.
I can generally agree with this. The continual choice of cheap and easy that the end user makes is beginning to bite them back. Decentralized technology at the moment harder to use if not more expensive but is much less victimizing.

@_date: 2020-06-27 01:41:48
@_author: recondite@tuta.io 
@_subject: Any Cypherpunk there ? 
There's some in the aether somewhere. 
The vulgarity is a side effect of free speech. But me, I'm fine with it. Would much rather be able to call a spade a spade instead of guessing who is what in the kayfabe of normalcy. 
But you're right a true cypher punk wouldn't be disgussing plans to subvert government on an open message board
Jun 26, 2020, 18:19 by cryptoanalyzers at protonmail.com:
