
@_date: 2013-03-01 13:14:55
@_author: Rich Kulawiec 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Designing the best network infrastructure for 
I'm not sure what else you expected.  (Really, I'm not.)
You didn't explain what you're trying to do.  You showed up with
a list of middling-to-hideously-poor technology choices looking not
for design review or critiques, but vetting of your choices even
though you didn't provide any rationale for them. And yet you got some very sound advice, like "Don't use Windows".
You just don't happen to like it.  Okay, fine.  Then don't take it.
Do whatever you want: you don't need our individual or collective
approval.  (Although y'know...if I said "I'm gonna do X" here and
several people told me that was a bad idea, that would give
me serious reason to back off and reconsider at length.)
If you actually want serious advice, then take a serious approach:
explain *in detail* what you're trying to build.  Infrastructure?
Desktops?  Laptops?  Portables?  What are the functions you're
trying to provide?  What's your budget?  What are your personnel
resources?  What is the scale of deployment?  What's the scope?
What's the threat model look like?   And so on.
Too many emails? Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password by emailing moderator at companys at stanford.edu or changing your settings at

@_date: 2013-03-15 12:22:49
@_author: Rich Kulawiec 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Here Come the Encryption Apps 
I'll give him a pass on rigor, as this is an informal article and not
intended to be a journal paper.  (Besides, I write in the same style
most of the time.)  But when he asks:
I think he completely misses the point.  I think a much more fundamental
question is: My answer to that is no.  In fact: HELL NO.  "Using a smartphone"
strikes me as one of the most dangerous things you could possibly
do in that situation.
Yes...I know that's not a happy statement and is likely to be unpopular
here, but let me see if I can manage to back it up.
First, if you have a government that is so awful that the only alternative
left is overthrowing it, then they control the telco.  Therefore everyone
walking around with a smartphone is providing them with a 24x7 feed of
geolocation data, to the resolution available. (And that can be selectively
improved in locations of interest.)
Second, everyone using a smartphone is providing them data for traffic
analysis.  Oh, sure, it might be encrypted, but if X sends a 27313 byte
message and shortly thereafter Y and Z get a 27313 byte message...
Third, everyone using a smartphone and transmitting/receiving IP traffic
is also providing them information about their intentions, Tor and VPNs
and HTTPS notwithstanding. ("Oh, look: every night, right after the
protests die down for the evening, X sends 300-400M of traffic out.
Gosh...I wonder what that is.")
Fourth, malware on phones is epidemic.  One might have a fighting
chance of stopping it if the phones are centrally managed and strictly
controlled (no downloading of apps, no "updates", only a few web sites
accessible, etc.) but few have the knowledge, resources and discpline
to do that.  Plus "centrally managed" is not exactly the best idea
in this context.  And of course any government faced with this threat
will probably write and release more malware.  Any government that
*thinks* they might be faced with this threat in the future could
plan ahead and embed the malware in the phones somewhere in the supply
chain prior to retail sales.
(I would.  If I were the dictator of Elbonia, I'd be embedding
malware in *every* shiny gadget because of course their closed-source
nature makes it easy for me to do so.  This would constitute an
inexpensive insurance policy -- actually, now that I think about it,
I could probably just pass the costs along to purchasers and thus get
them to fund my malware.  I'd label it as "a feature" or as some sort
of network performance/diagnostic tool.  *cough* CarrierIQ *cough*)
Fifth, it's pretty easy to shut down the cellular network.  Yes, this
might have political and economic consequences.  So?  It's still not a
good idea to use a communications medium that your adversary can turn
off at will.  (Let me note that it's not even necessary to shut it
down entirely: local/temporary disruptions suffice and are easier to
explain away.  As we've seen.)
Sixth, and let me encapsulate it as a principle:
That's harsh, condescending, snarky...but I think it's probably true.
Sorry: revolution is hard.  And if you're faced with an oppressive,
vicious, murderous government that's fighting for its existence,
I assure you that they will have people at *their* disposal who don't
need a GUI to do whatever horrible things they have in mind.
Too many emails? Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password by emailing moderator at companys at stanford.edu or changing your settings at

@_date: 2013-03-22 18:50:37
@_author: Rich Kulawiec 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Privacy, data protection questions 
Ok.  Here's some advice.  You're not going to like it. ;-)  Sorry.
But better now than later, when lives are on the line.
I'd like to ask you to open a web browser and use your favorite
search engine to search for:
and similar.
Then I'd like you to explain how you propose to keep all those mobile
phones secure in the face of routine malware, let alone targeted and
custom malware crafted by hostile governments who would very much like
all those journalists and researchers and NGOs you mentioned to STFU
because they're saying and reporting and doing things those
governments find...disturbing.
Forget all the other security and privacy issues for a moment (some of
which I touched on in a previous list message [1]): how, EXACTLY, do you
propose to keep those phones from being infested just like a gazillion
other phones already are or will be real soon now?
Because once those endpoints are compromised, all the crafty routing and
anonymization and encryption layers you could possibly put in place aren't
going to matter very much.  And those endpoints WILL be compromised
(probably much sooner than you think) because they're going to be in the
hands of journalists and researchers and NGOs, *not* in the hands of
paranoid clueful paranoid diligent (did I mention paranoid?) geeks.
Oh, sure, someone sufficiently knowledgeable, cautious, etc.
can probably keep *one* phone secure.  Just like someone with those
qualities might be able to keep a single Windows system secure.  There are
people on this list who are capable of both of those things.  But dozens?
Hundreds?  Thousands?  Being carried around all over the place by
their owners?
There's not a chance in hell.  None.  This is not a solved problem in
computing.  Nor is there even a hint of a twitch of a notion of a
suggestion of a whisper that it will be solved anytime soon.
It's not even solved for people who've stacked the deck in their favor
(e.g., those who have the luxury of centralized control) let alone for
those who are allowing end users to connect their own.  And most of them
aren't painting big targets on their chests, they're just caught up in
the general crossfire...unlike *your* users, who are self-nominating to be
on the business end of some very serious attention from some very determined,
clueful and nasty people -- people who probably *already* have been
working on building or buying custom malware for phones because of course
that's what any prudent adversary with sufficient resources would be
doing just about now.
Yeah, okay, so I'm making the point at your expense, and I don't really
mean to do that, so I'll make it in the more general case: look, people,
unless you can produce a plan -- and more than that, a plan that's been
proven in the field to work -- for keeping, let's say, a population of, oh,
a thousand independent scattered phones free of malware, then you CAN'T
deploy your whizbang singing dancing smartphone app because it's going to
be promptly undermined.  Any government worthy of the term "oppressive"
is going to 0wn each and every phone of interest and is going to install
trackers, spyware, keystroke loggers, and whatever else occurs to them,
and you're not going to stop them.  At best, you might figure out that
this is happening after-the-fact and remediate some of them...until they
go back out in the field and get infested again.  Lather, rinse, repeat.
Not to put too fine a point on it (but I suppose I will anyway):
The phone may be in a journalist's hand or it may be in a researcher's
pocket, but it's not theirs.  *Not any more*.
Which means that your liberation app, the one that you designed and
developed and sweated over, the one that your user is trusting to
send and receive sensitive information, the one that's connecting
to a backend through umpteen layers of encryption and obfuscation
and misdirection and whatever...is now running on the government's phone.
[1] [2] I'm probably quoting somebody.  But I don't know who.
Too many emails? Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password by emailing moderator at companys at stanford.edu or changing your settings at

@_date: 2013-03-26 19:12:41
@_author: Rich Kulawiec 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Privacy, data protection questions 
Clearly you have no idea how I write when I'm being "nonconstructive". ;-)
Think equal proportions Kingsfield[1], Vader, Snape.  Season to taste with
HST and Mencken, serve at full boil.
(a) There aren't enough hours in the day to provide extensive (security
or other) critiques of everything that comes across here.   And there
are other people whose expertise in certain areas dwarfs mine, so
until/unless I close the gap, I'll defer to them.  Also I think I should
occasionally STFU and listen.
So I respond on-list when I feel that I have something useful to say,
*usually* (but not always) when I think that has applicability beyond the
particular topic-of-the-moment.  Hence my comments in re Silent Circle,
which are far more about the inherent insecurity of closed source
software than about the specifics of Silent Circle itself -- most of
which I didn't pay any attention to because I think they're irrelevant.
And speaking of applicability beyond the topic-of-the-moment:
(b) If you read my message carefully you'll notice that I did in fact
explicitly point out that while I was using this particular project as
an example, it's by no means the only one facing the exact same issue.
"Building a secure smartphone app" is presently equivalent to "trying
to put the roof on a house whose foundation is sinking into quicksand
and whose main floor is on fire".
So what "constructive" thing could I possibly say?  The entire smartphone
ecosystem is rotten to the core: the OS vendors care far more about
advertising than privacy and security [2].  Well, and they care a lot
about paying attorneys so that they can all sue each other. [3]  The app
markets are loaded with malware, spyware, adware, and crap.  And more
crap.  Also: still more crap.  Users will download and run any shiny thing
they see, doubly so if it purports to enhance their "social experience" --
much to the delight of the scammers and spammers running those operations.
Telcos are happy to turn user tracking/surveillance/etc. into profit
centers.  Governments want every scrap of data they can get from carriers
and there's now an entire subindustry for software that extracts data
from locked phones.
D'ya think if I asked them very nicely and politely they'd all stop?
There is NOTHING "constructive" to be done here.  It's not a fixable
situation at the moment or for the forseeable future.  The *only* thing
to do, as far as I can tell, is to stop pretending it's otherwise and
stop laboring under the delusion that smartphone apps have a chance in
hell of being secure in mass deployment scenarios.
(c) So to re-emphasize the more general point: no smartphone apps,
UNLESS you can produce a viable, workable, scalable, defensible plan
to keep the phones secure in the field.  Otherwise your app, whatever
it does, and however nifty it is, is probably going to be undercut from
the moment it's installed...or very soon thereafter, as soon as one or
two governments your users are annoying decide to deploy countermeasures.
(I think it's fair to say that, to a first approximation, the tempo
and scale of their response will be proportional to the adoption
rate and annoyance level.  Thus: the better your app and the more people
that use it, the sooner you should expect the backlash.)
And they don't *have* to crack your app if they 0wn the phones it runs on.
(I sure wouldn't.  Too much work.  Very tedious.  Better to just hijack the
phone, install a keystroke logger et.al., and compromise *all* the apps.)
(d) I don't think you [generic you] can come up with that plan (above)
and execute it.  I think you have no shot whatsoever.  But if you want
to take a crack at proving me wrong: be my guest.  I will be very surprised
but happy if you succeed.  I may even buy you beers.  Good beers.
(e) I *know* this is real unhappy news.  Sorry.  I didn't write the
cruddy smartphone software.  I didn't write the malware.  I didn't create
the situation.  I'm just pointing it out.  And yes, I know it would be
much nicer to just go on creating app after app and rolling them out
and pretending this problem doesn't exist, but ermmm...I think far more
unpleasant things than mere words on a screen will happen if lots of
people start betting their freedom and/or their lives on the security of
their smartphones/apps.
(f) And on that point ("pretending"), let me share with you one of the most
valuable pieces of guidance that I've ever read.  I have it printed out
and taped above where I'm working right now.  I think for many of the
projects and initiatives discussed here, it's terrific advice.  So even
if you think my analysis here isn't worth a load of fetid dingo's kidneys,
well, at least there's this:
(g) So do you wanna spend your time trying to convince me to change my
writing style (hint: success probability == low) OR would you like to
focus on the substance of my remarks -- because *if* I'm right, then
Bad Things are going to ensue as soon as various governments figure out
that exploiting smartphones is a cheap, effective and scalable tactic for
undermining communication among their opponents.  Morever, they will be
Bad Things that are (largely) independent of the cleverness of apps and
their supporting infrastructure, i.e. they're not going to be fixable
by the developers.  Which means years of work and piles of money spent
developing OverthrowYourDictator v1.2 will be rendered moot and, worse,
people running it may well face unhappy fates.
This may have already happened.
[1] I suspect some of you who are younger may not get the reference.
Therefore, let me introduce you to Professor Kingsfield:
[2] For example:
[3] Mike Masnick has a brilliant illustration of this:
Too many emails? Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password by emailing moderator at companys at stanford.edu or changing your settings at

@_date: 2013-03-27 06:14:38
@_author: Rich Kulawiec 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Privacy, data protection questions 
You're misreading exasperation and frustration as anger, and you're
still focused on style rather than substance.  If you think I'm wrong
(and of course I might be) then make the case.  Show me how someone
can keep (let's say) a 1000-phone population in the field secure when
there's an adversary actively trying to make them otherwise.
Too many emails? Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password by emailing moderator at companys at stanford.edu or changing your settings at

@_date: 2013-03-30 10:04:49
@_author: Rich Kulawiec 
@_subject: [liberationtech] skype 
[snip thorough and IMHO, on-point analysis]
You make an excellent (series of) points.  And I have to concede that
you're right.
So let me refocus my comments on the efforts made (here and elsewhere)
to get Microsoft to cough up answers: can't everyone see that these
responses have been carefully wordsmithed within an inch of their lives
in what is an obvious and deliberate attempt to say as little as possible
and omit as much as possible?
Microsoft, like many corporations, employs professional spokesliars who
are very, very good at crafting wording that can be defended (should it
come to that) but which doesn't present the truth in a straightforward
fashion.  That's their JOB.  After all: anyone there could tell the truth
