
@_date: 2019-08-05 16:16:56
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Amazon Ring Neighbors app sends video to police departments 
Only the truly retarded use such things, but the sad fact is that the
majority of the population has become retarded.

@_date: 2019-08-05 17:22:04
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Test Email 
I previously was unable to send email to this list. My assumption was
my email provider was erroneously blocked as is often the case (due to
the humorus name). I attempted to contact the ML's admin to see if he
could whitelist me but there was no reply. Since I just was able to
reply, I am curious if this message will get through as well.

@_date: 2019-11-12 21:16:15
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Forbes: Windows 10 Security Alert: Hidden Backdoor Found By 
Are they really going to pretend that this is new information?

@_date: 2019-09-12 10:39:46
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Stingrays in D.C. 
I expected Israel to do such a thing, however this is nothing new. A
2017 study found that nearly every single embassy in the Washington DC
Area had Stingray Devices with the assumed goal of spying on members
of Congress.

@_date: 2020-04-02 15:24:55
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: CryptoMe releases document claiming to be "White House Playbook on 
Too big to attatch (22MB). Uploaded March 27, 2020. Full title:
"Playbook for Early Response to High-Concequence Emerging Infectious
Disease Threats and Biological Incidents".
The document is undated, and seems to refer to general information
shared by The Office of the President. It contains no classification
marks other than "Not for Public Distribution". Reading through it, it
seems somewhat similar in general information to US ARMY FM 8-284. Of
course, US ARMY FM 8-284 is a field guide in treatment of Biological
Agent, while this is a nationwide response.

@_date: 2020-04-26 13:28:21
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Coronavirus Tech Handbook 
This looks like a document being shared from a collaborative editing
forum. Do you have a static version, or perferably a premade PDF?

@_date: 2020-04-26 13:27:58
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: FWD: [Better than Zoom: Try these free software tools for staying in 
Zoom is a proprietary Teleconfrencing Software package that has grown
in popularity over the past month. I had not heard of it until
recently. Many schools that are still open have made it a
requirement, from High School to College Level. It is a proprietary
piece of technology that need not be used, especially when
alternatives exist.
Previously, I shared a video from Luke Smith, an internet personality,
on Zoom. Now, the FSF has made a statement, as seen below.

@_date: 2020-08-05 01:45:23
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Killing President Trump 
I would certainly like to know what the fuck this is.

@_date: 2020-08-06 14:43:15
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: INTEL ME Mega-Leak Number 1 
There has been a mega-leak of Intel ME-related documents, schematic,
and so-on, released earlier today.
I have not finished downloading the torrent, but plan to seed it for
the next few days after its completion. Looking at some of the
semi-downloaded files, it contains a full, confidential schematic and
wiring diargam for SandyLake from 2007.

@_date: 2020-08-12 01:36:03
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: US House proposes New Voting Amendment 
The United States House of Representatives has proposed a new
constitutional amendment. Debate has yet to start. The text in-full is
the following:
The source for this is at
. The
immediate problem that becomes apparent is that this legalizes felons
to vote again, and further relies heavily on the ever-changing
definition of "citizen", which is already questionable under the 14th
Amendment (should you believe the Legalese Religion's interpretation
of it).

@_date: 2020-08-13 14:10:48
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: New York Times Confidential Documents Leak 
Due to a major oversight, the New York Time's digital collection of
private, privleged, and confidential documentation is avalible for
Archive it fast.
Via clearnet HTTP, and via FTP.

@_date: 2020-08-14 00:36:09
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: New York Times Confidential Documents Leak 
Apparently not yet. Keep it open secret presently. I saw a magnet link
floating around, but I do not believe it to be complete. I need to
find the magnet link again.

@_date: 2020-08-14 00:47:52
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: *SPAM* Cryptocurrency: Rise and Fall of Bitcoin (2011 Throwback 
I believe the reason this is considered spam is because you copied
rendered HTML elements, such as the navbar, and further because the
email is incredibly large paragraphs of text from an external
source. This must have confused the spam-scoring system.

@_date: 2020-08-14 12:46:52
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: *SPAM* Cryptocurrency: Rise and Fall of Bitcoin (2011 Throwback 
I know.
As I said, I believe you confused the system.
I said /rendered/ HTML elements. Look at your own damn email
You should consider who is going to read your emails if all you're
doing is copy/pasting entire articles unabridged.

@_date: 2020-08-16 14:14:11
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Objective Reality Doesn't Exist, Quantum Experiment Shows | Live 
"'Reality' is the only word in the language that should always be used
in quotes."

@_date: 2020-08-28 22:23:37
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Hey se7en what happened to empire 
Is this message meant for me? I do not know what "empire" refers to.

@_date: 2020-08-28 22:28:07
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Hey se7en what happened to empire 
I just realized what this is. I am not the "Se7en" of Empire Market,
and I was a part of his fake dox. After the fake dox, some people
suggested I make a statement showing that I am not the same "Se7en". I
wrote this, then shortly after forgot about it.

@_date: 2020-02-12 17:10:11
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Did W3C EME just criminalize privacy? 
This is from 2014. Why are you forwarding it now? Also, seems your
mail client ate your message.

@_date: 2020-01-07 07:33:06
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Looking for a word 
How about Bulls-on-Paradeism? The term's namesake is a song containing
the line "They don't have to burn the books, they just remove 'em/ to
large warehouses/ it's as quick as a sale![...]"

@_date: 2020-01-09 09:29:49
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: RAND Corp Document seeking 
I am looking for a specific document and think I'd find it faster by
simply asking if people already have it saved. I am looking for RAND
Corp map of impact of Radio Active Fallout and Nuclear Warfare. I
believe this is its true name.
This document shows the amount of damage from nuclear weaponry from
epicenter (0 mile) to the outer-range of immediate fallout (~60
mile). I am specifically searching for the Self-Contained Graphic.

@_date: 2020-01-09 11:25:24
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: RAND Corp Document seeking 
An individual named R5 replied to me off-list. I'd rather stay
onlist. He requested of me the date. I am pretty sure this was from
the 1950's. As I said, the document title I gave was only the
speculative probable title. I am almost certain that the document I am
looking for was made by RAND Corp.
I believe the specific document was the result of the tests in
Nevada. I'll describe the document again in more detail:
* The Document contains several rings, with Ground Zero showing 100%
  damage, while 60+ shows mild damage, but fallout exposure
* The document has pictographs illustrating damage to city skylines
* The document may be part of a larger, broader report
* The document is likely famous outside of the sleuth communities
  because it has been shown in several films, both fictional and in
  documentary.
I can not use the NUKE-map as I am seeking the document to modify its
model for other purposes.

@_date: 2020-01-09 12:25:12
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: RAND Corp Document seeking 
I have made a poor copy from very vague memory. It is attatched.

@_date: 2020-01-14 11:36:43
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: SecureDNS Web Cookies 
Mr. Lahaye,
I have been using your SecureDNS DNSCrypt service for a few months
now. Only recently have I made the discovery that a web cookie exists
on all pages originating from SecureDNS. I do not see any infomration
reguarding this cookie, and consider cookie behavior like this to be
malicous. Do you have an explanation?
Further, upon whois-ing your two websites  and
 I have discovered that one is a Google
Domain (and thus Google Hosted???) and one is a Godaddy domain hosted
on Cloudflare servers. The latter has been down with error 526 since I
last attempted to try. "Invalid SSL certificate" is the stated name of
the error from the Cloudflare side.
Should this be innocent behavior, I would highly suggest to you to 1)
avoid google, 2) prevent any tracking cookie injection, 3) avoid
cloudflare at /all/ costs, and 4) ensure that you have a reasonable
method of secure monitoring of status of web pages.

@_date: 2020-06-09 22:03:24
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Torsocks Errors 
I am unable to torify my fetchmail anymore, because Torsocks prevents
setguid programs from running, which does not interfeer with fetchmail
but does interfeer with procmail.
Does anyone know a solution? I am still able to send torified, but am
unable to recieve torified via pop3 and I do not want to continue this
behavior.

@_date: 2020-06-11 05:53:29
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: IBM Will No Longer Offer Or Develop Facial Recognition Software 
Feed: Deeplinks
Title: IBM, Amazon Agree to Step Back From Face Recognition. Where Is Microsoft?
Author: Matthew Guariglia
Link: Podcast Download URL:  (type: image/png)
Activism is working. Both on the streets as people protest to end[1]
racist and violent policing, and among civil liberties organizations who
have been fighting[2] the government’s use of harmful face surveillance
technology. This week two major vendors of face surveillance technology
announced that in light of recent protests against police brutality and
racial injustice, they would be phasing out or pausing their sale of this
technology to police.
The fact that these two companies, IBM and Amazon, have admitted the harm
that this technology causes should be a red flag to lawmakers. The belief
that police and other government use of this technology can be responsibly
regulated is wrong. Congress, states, and cities should take this
momentary reprieve, during which police will not be able to acquire face
surveillance technology from two major companies, as an opportunity to ban
government use of the technology once and for all.
In a letter[3] from Arvind Krishna to Congress, the IBM CEO announced that
in the name of racial justice the company would end research, development,
and sale of any face recognition technology:
This is a big pivot. In March 2019, IBM was criticized by photographers[4]
after it released a new dataset of diverse images, scraped from social
media platform Flickr, in hopes of training face recognition programs to
be less flawed[5] when recognizing people of color. Now the company
recognizes that better training data is not an effective solution to the
many problems of this menacing technology.
Amazon in turn announced[6] a 1-year moratorium on police use of its face
surveillance technology, Rekognition. This company also cited recent
protests as the impetus of re-examining the harm this technology can do to
already over-policed communities. Unfortunately, Amazon still clings to
the discredited notion that police can safely deploy face surveillance
technology if only there are enough rules. “We’ve advocated,” the company
posted, “that governments should put in place stronger regulations to
govern the ethical use of facial recognition technology, and in recent
days, Congress appears ready to take on this challenge. We hope this
one-year moratorium might give Congress enough time to implement
appropriate rules, and we stand ready to help if requested.”
Amazon’s Rekognition program has been particularly flawed and harmful. In
2018, the ACLU ran[7] faces of sitting U.S. congress members through the
program. Twenty-eight members of congress were incorrectly identified as
people who had been arrested for committing crimes. That same year EFF
joined with ACLU and a coalition of civil liberties organizations to
demand [8]that Amazon stop powering government surveillance infrastructure
with its flawed and invasive Rekognition program.
While we welcome Amazon’s half-step, we urge the company to finish the
job. Like IBM, Amazon must permanently end its sale of this dangerous
technology to police departments.
Microsoft is another one of the largest vendors of police-used face
surveillance. It must now follow suit and end government use of its facial
recognition program. Microsoft has expressed concerns over harms police
use of face recognition can cause. In 2019, Microsoft stated[9] that it
had denied one California law enforcement agency use of its face
recognition technology on body-worn cameras and car cameras, due to human
rights concerns. The logical next step is clear: Microsoft should end the
program once and for all.
There should be a nation-wide ban on government use of face surveillance.
Even if the technology were highly regulated, its use by the government
would continue to exacerbate a policing crisis in this nation that
disproportionately harms Black Americans, immigrants, the unhoused, and
other vulnerable populations. We agree that the government should act, and
are glad that Amazon is giving them a year to do so, but the outcome must
be an end to government use of this technology.
The movement to ban face recognition is gaining momentum. The historic
demonstrations of the past two weeks show that the public will not sit
idly by while tech companies enable and profit off of a system of
surveillance and policing that hurts so many.
Face recognition isn't the only problematic tool tech companies offer to
police. Though Amazon has pressed pause on offering Rekognition to police,
Amazon-owned Ring, the "smart doorbell" and camera company, still partners
with over 1300 police departments[10]. These partnerships allow police to
make batch-requests for footage via email to every resident with a camera
within an area of interest to police—potentially giving police a one-step
process for requesting footage of protests to identify protestors. These
partnerships intensify suspicion, help police racially profile people, and
enable and perpetuate police harassment of Black Americans.
Join us in calling on Amazon to continue its thoughtful action in light of
nationwide activism, admit the dangers of Ring-police partnerships, and
immediately halt them.
TAKE ACTION[11]
TELL AMAZON RING: END POLICE PARTNERSHIPS
[1]:  (link)
[2]:  (link)
[3]:  (link)
[4]:  (link)
[5]: [6]:  (link)
 (link)
[9]:  (link)
[10]:  (link)
[11]:  (link)

@_date: 2020-06-12 13:20:15
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: David Dees has died 
David Dees, the famous political cartoonist and singer, has died

@_date: 2020-06-18 14:29:41
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: ping 
The list admin published a few days ago that the list was experiencing
trouble and has been rectified. You must not have recieved that
message. Check the public archive.

@_date: 2020-03-10 00:59:11
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: test message 
This is a test message. A user from this list emailed me to ask if our
mutual email provider has been banned or if he is individually
banned. If it goes through, it's his.

@_date: 2020-03-17 00:38:47
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Harvard Professor Indited in January for Biological Connections with 
Snopes attempts to debunk this as "Mixed". When I first saw this
video, I thought it was some kind of hoax because it's that weird
recording of a video on a cell phone. It isn't. The links below prove
the video.
It is perhaps interesting to note that the majority of his group is
 (Article snippit below):
Lieber was arrested on 28 January on charges of making false
statements to U.S. law enforcement officials and federal funding
agencies about a collaboration he forged with researchers in China. He
was released two days later on a $1 million bond. An affidavit
outlining the charges against Lieber notes that in January 2013, he
signed an agreement between Harvard and Wuhan University of Technology
(WUT) in China. According to the affidavit, “The stated purpose of the
agreement, which had a five-year effective term, was to ‘carry out
advanced research and development of nanowire-based lithium ion
batteries with high performance for electric vehicles.’”
Officials at WUT have not responded to requests for comment on their
agreement with Lieber. But it outlines just the kind of high-tech work
that U.S. prosecutors involved in efforts to investigate Chinese
attempts to acquire advanced technology from U.S.-based researchers
say they are concerned about. They allege that the Chinese government
has used such collaborations to improperly take advantage of the
federally funded research enterprise, and gain an edge in economic and
military advances.
In Lieber’s case, however, the battery angle poses a puzzle. That’s
because a search of the titles of Lieber’s more than 400 papers and
more than 75 U.S. and Chinese patents reveals no mentions of
“battery,” “batteries,” “vehicle,” or “vehicles.” (According to
Lieber’s CV, through 2019 he has co-authored 412 research papers and
has 65 awarded and pending U.S. patents. The website of the Chinese
National Intellectual Property Administration indicates that Lieber
has been awarded 11 Chinese patents.)
In fact, one U.S. nanoscientist and former student of Lieber’s says:
“I have never seen Charlie working on batteries or nanowire
batteries.” (The scientist asked that their name not be used because
of the sensitivity surrounding Lieber’s case.)

@_date: 2020-03-29 14:27:35
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: PGP key 
This is a message to confirm that my previous PGP key was compromised
and should be considered compromised since its creation one week
ago. I have made a new PGP key and have already uploaded the
revokation of the old one, as well as the new one to the MIT
Keyserver. I will begin to upload these keys to more servers to speed
up its distribution. The revocation message explains in more detail.
A Proof of Identity

@_date: 2020-03-31 17:28:44
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: Account Status 
I have still never heard any reply regarding my account's status. I
request a reply. I have numerous legitimate archiving material I wish
to upload. While the account associated with this email was only a
year old at time of being locked-out, I have been with the site under
several other email addresses for much longer, including
se7en at firemail.cc (all of which I have lost the password information
My account at se7en at cock.email was my newest account. For a refresher
(as the events leading to this were a year ago), my account was banned
without notice after uploading both the manifesto and the Facebook
Live(tm) video of Brendan Tarrant. These items should be incredibly
valued as an archive. However, one item continually was deleted (the
video), and the Manifesto was region-blocked apparently by the French
Government, a state that has /no/ connection nor authority whatsoever
over material made in New Zealand and distributed in the United
In my anger, I re-uploaded both, and made numerous attempts at
contact via the email address I'm sending this mail to now. It was
less than 72 hours later when I was no longer permitted to log into my
account. Never did I receive explanation, nor replies to any of my
I continue to send these emails once in a while to see if I can
receive a reply. I want an account with your non-profit and feel that
the actions against my account were forms of censorship. I request my
user account be reinstated.

@_date: 2020-05-23 12:20:24
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: rights, nationalism, socialism, racism, authoritarianism, 
My region of the county has reopened. It is still such a shocking
thing. I have written the following blurb, which I seek resolution to.
How much longer are we going to pretend that 1) everything will return
to normalcy, and 2) there was no deviation from normalcy? How many
more weeks are we going to pretend that the Dollar has value, and is
not dead? How long will it be after the election that the
secessionists will take their action? How long until the Union
declares war on China? How long until we charge "authorities" for
lying to the people, and to the President? How long until we forcibly
disbar members of the press for lying to the American Public about
official remarks made by the President?
These are all pressing matters that no one is talking about.

@_date: 2020-10-01 22:33:35
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: [Breaking News] [2020] [Covid] President Trump Tests Positive for 
The President of the United States, Donald John Trump, has tested
positive for COVID-19. This is not a joke.
Despite your views on current affairs, and the man himself, realize
that the entire Executive Branch is potentially compromised at this
The President, and several staff from Air Force One, have the
Coronavirus. Even if you do not believe in its severity, this is a
major political shakeup that could lead to foregin aggression by
hostile nations, the collapse of the standing army, the complete break
of the chain of command.
You /do/ get sick when you get CoVid, but you recover. What happens
when the president is incapacitated for 3 months?
This is not alarmist, this is fact
I have no further news to report.

@_date: 2020-10-18 16:13:14
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: OR/WA Election System Flawed: Votes Changed by Black Hatters 
THE OREGON AND WASHINGTON ONLINE REGISTRATION SYSTEM HAS A MAJOR FLAW
THAT ALLOWS ANYONE TO FIND THE PERSONAL ADDRESS OF ALL REGISTERED
VOTERS, ALLOWS ONE TO CANCEL VOTES, AND ALLOWS INDIVIDUALS TO ISSUE
BALLOTS IN OTHER'S NAMES!
This is not a joke people. Last night, black hatters successfully used
the system to find the personal addresses of Jeff Bezos and Bill
Gates[1]. The Black hatters then discovered a system of online voting
designed for senior citizens and disableds to vote. This system was
then used to cancel the ballot issued by Mayor Ted Wheeler (D,
Portland) to President Donald Trump as proof of the flaws. Voter
registrations were then changed for numerous individuals to change
their mailing address to gibberish.[2]
This is NOT A BUG, this is a DESIGN CHOICE for convenience. Furthermore,
it was also brought to attention that people can email a vote in. The
way the system works is that the most-recent ballot is the only valid
one, and all previous ballots were canceled.
This group of blackhats, posting to the 4chan board /pol/, were later
suppressed and silenced. I expected this to be front-page news by
morning. I see nothing of it.
Shortly after this was discovered, the voting system was briefly down
but restored Sunday morning. No changes were made.
All one needs to do is know the Legal Name, and the birth date of the
individual to find their private information. No other qualifiers are
The website itself for voter registration[3] does not have a TLS
Certificate, meaning the connection is insecure and any information
submitted to it is vulnerable to a simple MITM attack. This is the
I do not know when this system was implemented, but I believe it may
have been as far-back as 2008. This should be FRONT PAGE NEWS across
the entire country.
I request that anyone who reads this email forward it to at least 10
more individuals to spread the word.
[1] [2] [3]

@_date: 2020-09-24 16:27:22
@_author: Se7en 
@_subject: [COVID] Anti-Lockdown Open Letter from Belgian Medical Community 
Reproduced in full, below:
We, Belgian doctors and health professionals, wish to express our
serious concern about the evolution of the situation in the recent
months surrounding the outbreak of the SARS-CoV-2 virus. We call on
politicians to be independently and critically informed in the
decision-making process and in the compulsory implementation of
corona-measures. We ask for an open debate, where all experts are
represented without any form of censorship. After the initial panic
surrounding covid-19, the objective facts now show a completely
different picture – there is no medical justification for any
emergency policy anymore.  The current crisis management has become
totally disproportionate and causes more damage than it does any good.
We call for an end to all measures and ask for an immediate
restoration of our normal democratic governance and legal structures
and of all our civil liberties.
‘A cure must not be worse than the problem’ is a thesis that is more
relevant than ever in the current situation. We note, however, that
the collateral damage now being caused to the population will have a
greater impact in the short and long term on all sections of the
population than the number of people now being safeguarded from
corona.  In our opinion, the current corona measures and the strict
penalties for non-compliance with them are contrary to the values
formulated by the Belgian Supreme Health Council, which, until
recently, as the health authority, has always ensured quality medicine
in our country: “Science – Expertise – Quality – Impartiality –
Independence – Transparency”. 1
We believe that the policy has introduced mandatory measures that are
not sufficiently scientifically based, unilaterally directed, and that
there is not enough space in the media for an open debate in which
different views and opinions are heard. In addition, each municipality
and province now has the authorisation to add its own measures,
whether well-founded or not.
Moreover, the strict repressive policy on corona strongly contrasts
with the government’s minimal policy when it comes to disease
prevention, strengthening our own immune system through a healthy
lifestyle, optimal care with attention for the individual and
investment in care personnel.2
The concept of health
In 1948, the WHO defined health as follows: ‘Health is a state of
complete physical, mental and social well-being and not merely the
absence of disease or other physical impairment’.3
Health, therefore, is a broad concept that goes beyond the physical
and also relates to the emotional and social well-being of the
individual. Belgium also has a duty, from the point of view of
subscribing to fundamental human rights, to include these human rights
in its decision-making when it comes to measures taken in the context
of public health. 4 The current global measures taken to combat
SARS-CoV-2 violate to a large extent this view of health and human
rights. Measures include compulsory wearing of a mask (also in open
air and during sporting activities, and in some municipalities even
when there are no other people in the vicinity), physical distancing,
social isolation, compulsory quarantine for some groups and hygiene
The predicted pandemic with millions of deaths
At the beginning of the pandemic, the measures were understandable and
widely supported, even if there were differences in implementation in
the countries around us. The WHO originally predicted a pandemic that
would claim 3.4% victims, in other words millions of deaths, and a
highly contagious virus for which no treatment or vaccine was
available.  This would put unprecedented pressure on the intensive
care units (ICUs) of our hospitals.
This led to a global alarm situation, never seen in the history of
mankind: “flatten the curve” was represented by a lockdown that shut
down the entire society and economy and quarantined healthy
people. Social distancing became the new normal in anticipation of a
rescue vaccine.
The facts about covid-19
Gradually, the alarm bell was sounded from many sources: the objective
facts showed a completely different reality. 5 6
The course of covid-19 followed the course of a normal wave of
infection similar to a flu season. As every year, we see a mix of flu
viruses following the curve: first the rhinoviruses, then the
influenza A and B viruses, followed by the coronaviruses. There is
nothing different from what we normally see.
The use of the non-specific PCR test, which produces many false
positives, showed an exponential picture.  This test was rushed
through with an emergency procedure and was never seriously
self-tested. The creator expressly warned that this test was intended
for research and not for diagnostics.7 The PCR test works with cycles
of amplification of genetic material – a piece of genome is amplified
each time. Any contamination (e.g. other viruses, debris from old
virus genomes) can possibly result in false positives.8
The test does not measure how many viruses are present in the
sample. A real viral infection means a massive presence of viruses,
the so-called virus load. If someone tests positive, this does not
mean that that person is actually clinically infected, is ill or is
going to become ill. Koch’s postulate was not fulfilled (“The pure
agent found in a patient with complaints can provoke the same
complaints in a healthy person”).
Since a positive PCR test does not automatically indicate active
infection or infectivity, this does not justify the social measures
taken, which are based solely on these tests. 9 10
If we compare the waves of infection in countries with strict lockdown
policies to countries that did not impose lockdowns (Sweden, Iceland
…), we see similar curves.  So there is no link between the imposed
lockdown and the course of the infection. Lockdown has not led to a
lower mortality rate.
If we look at the date of application of the imposed lockdowns we see
that the lockdowns were set after the peak was already over and the
number of cases decreasing. The drop was therefore not the result of
the taken measures. 11 As every year, it seems that climatic
conditions (weather, temperature and humidity) and growing immunity
are more likely to reduce the wave of infection.
Our immune system
For thousands of years, the human body has been exposed daily to
moisture and droplets containing infectious microorganisms (viruses,
bacteria and fungi).
The penetration of these microorganisms is prevented by an advanced
defence mechanism – the immune system. A strong immune system relies
on normal daily exposure to these microbial influences. Overly
hygienic measures have a detrimental effect on our immunity. 12 13
Only people with a weak or faulty immune system should be protected by
extensive hygiene or social distancing.
Influenza will re-emerge in the autumn (in combination with covid-19)
and a possible decrease in natural resilience may lead to further
Our immune system consists of two parts: a congenital, non-specific
immune system and an adaptive immune system.
The non-specific immune system forms a first barrier: skin, saliva,
gastric juice, intestinal mucus, vibratory hair cells, commensal
flora, … and prevents the attachment of micro-organisms to tissue.
If they do attach, macrophages can cause the microorganisms to be
encapsulated and destroyed.
The adaptive immune system consists of mucosal immunity (IgA
antibodies, mainly produced by cells in the intestines and lung
epithelium), cellular immunity (T-cell activation), which can be
generated in contact with foreign substances or microorganisms, and
humoral immunity (IgM and IgG antibodies produced by the B cells).
Recent research shows that both systems are highly entangled.
It appears that most people already have a congenital or general
immunity to e.g. influenza and other viruses. This is confirmed by the
findings on the cruise ship Diamond Princess, which was quarantined
because of a few passengers who died of Covid-19. Most of the
passengers were elderly and were in an ideal situation of transmission
on the ship. However, 75% did not appear to be infected. So even in
this high-risk group, the majority are resistant to the virus.
A study in the journal Cell shows that most people neutralise the
coronavirus by mucosal (IgA) and cellular immunity (T-cells), while
experiencing few or no symptoms 14.
Researchers found up to 60% SARS-Cov-2 reactivity with CD4+T cells in
a non-infected population, suggesting cross-reactivity with other cold
(corona) viruses.15
Most people therefore already have a congenital or cross-immunity
because they were already in contact with variants of the same virus.
The antibody formation (IgM and IgG) by B-cells only occupies a
relatively small part of our immune system. This may explain why, with
an antibody percentage of 5-10%, there may be a group immunity
anyway. The efficacy of vaccines is assessed precisely on the basis of
whether or not we have these antibodies. This is a misrepresentation.
Most people who test positive (PCR) have no complaints. Their immune
system is strong enough. Strengthening natural immunity is a much more
logical approach. Prevention is an important, insufficiently
highlighted pillar: healthy, full-fledged nutrition, exercise in fresh
air, without a mask, stress reduction and nourishing emotional and
social contacts.
Consequences of social isolation on physical and mental health
Social isolation and economic damage led to an increase in depression,
anxiety, suicides, intra-family violence and child abuse.16
Studies have shown that the more social and emotional commitments
people have, the more resistant they are to viruses. It is much more
likely that isolation and quarantine have fatal consequences. 17
The isolation measures have also led to physical inactivity in many
older people due to their being forced to stay indoors. However,
sufficient exercise has a positive effect on cognitive functioning,
reducing depressive complaints and anxiety and improving physical
health, energy levels, well-being and, in general, quality of life.18
Fear, persistent stress and loneliness induced by social distancing
have a proven negative influence on psychological and general
health. 19
A highly contagious virus with millions of deaths without any
Mortality turned out to be many times lower than expected and close to
that of a normal seasonal flu (0.2%). 20 The number of registered
corona deaths therefore still seems to be overestimated.  There is a
difference between death by corona and death with corona. Humans are
often carriers of multiple viruses and potentially pathogenic bacteria
at the same time. Taking into account the fact that most people who
developed serious symptoms suffered from additional pathology, one
cannot simply conclude that the corona-infection was the cause of
death. This was mostly not taken into account in the statistics.
The most vulnerable groups can be clearly identified. The vast
majority of deceased patients were 80 years of age or older. The
majority (70%) of the deceased, younger than 70 years, had an
underlying disorder, such as cardiovascular suffering, diabetes
mellitus, chronic lung disease or obesity. The vast majority of
infected persons (>98%) did not or hardly became ill or recovered
Meanwhile, there is an affordable, safe and efficient therapy
available for those who do show severe symptoms of disease in the form
of HCQ (hydroxychloroquine), zinc and azithromycin. Rapidly applied
this therapy leads to recovery and often prevents
hospitalisation. Hardly anyone has to die now.
This effective therapy has been confirmed by the clinical experience
of colleagues in the field with impressive results. This contrasts
sharply with the theoretical criticism (insufficient substantiation by
double-blind studies) which in some countries (e.g. the Netherlands)
has even led to a ban on this therapy. A meta-analysis in The Lancet,
which could not demonstrate an effect of HCQ, was withdrawn. The
primary data sources used proved to be unreliable and 2 out of 3
authors were in conflict of interest. However, most of the guidelines
based on this study remained unchanged … 48 49 We have serious
questions about this state of affairs.  In the US, a group of doctors
in the field, who see patients on a daily basis, united in “America’s
Frontline Doctors” and gave a press conference which has been watched
millions of times.21 51 French Prof Didier Raoult of the Institut
d’Infectiologie de Marseille (IHU) also presented this promising
combination therapy as early as April. Dutch GP Rob Elens, who cured
many patients in his practice with HCQ and zinc, called on colleagues
in a petition for freedom of therapy.22 The definitive evidence comes
from the epidemiological follow-up in Switzerland: mortality rates
compared with and without this therapy.23
From the distressing media images of ARDS (acute respiratory distress
syndrome) where people were suffocating and given artificial
respiration in agony, we now know that this was caused by an
exaggerated immune response with intravascular coagulation in the
pulmonary blood vessels. The administration of blood thinners and
dexamethasone and the avoidance of artificial ventilation, which was
found to cause additional damage to lung tissue, means that this
dreaded complication, too, is virtually not fatal anymore. 47
It is therefore not a killer virus, but a well-treatable condition.
Spreading occurs by drip infection (only for patients who cough or
sneeze) and aerosols in closed, unventilated rooms. Contamination is
therefore not possible in the open air. Contact tracing and
epidemiological studies show that healthy people (or positively tested
asymptomatic carriers) are virtually unable to transmit the
virus. Healthy people therefore do not put each other at risk. 24 25
Transfer via objects (e.g. money, shopping or shopping trolleys) has
not been scientifically proven.26 27 28
All this seriously calls into question the whole policy of social
distancing and compulsory mouth masks for healthy people – there is no
scientific basis for this.
Oral masks belong in contexts where contacts with proven at-risk
groups or people with upper respiratory complaints take place, and in
a medical context/hospital-retirement home setting. They reduce the
risk of droplet infection by sneezing or coughing. Oral masks in
healthy individuals are ineffective against the spread of viral
infections. 29 30 31
Wearing a mask is not without side effects. 32 33 Oxygen deficiency
(headache, nausea, fatigue, loss of concentration) occurs fairly
quickly, an effect similar to altitude sickness. Every day we now see
patients complaining of headaches, sinus problems, respiratory
problems and hyperventilation due to wearing masks. In addition, the
accumulated CO2 leads to a toxic acidification of the organism which
affects our immunity. Some experts even warn of an increased
transmission of the virus in case of inappropriate use of the mask.34
Our Labour Code (Codex 6) refers to a CO2 content (ventilation in
workplaces) of 900 ppm, maximum 1200 ppm in special
circumstances. After wearing a mask for one minute, this toxic limit
is considerably exceeded to values that are three to four times higher
than these maximum values. Anyone who wears a mask is therefore in an
extreme poorly ventilated room. 35
Inappropriate use of masks without a comprehensive medical
cardio-pulmonary test file is therefore not recommended by recognised
safety specialists for workers.  Hospitals have a sterile environment
in their operating rooms where staff wear masks and there is precise
regulation of humidity / temperature with appropriately monitored
oxygen flow to compensate for this, thus meeting strict safety
standards. 36
A second corona wave?
A second wave is now being discussed in Belgium, with a further
tightening of the measures as a result. However, closer examination of
Sciensano’s figures37 shows that, although there has been an increase
in the number of infections since mid-July, there was no increase in
hospital admissions or deaths at that time. It is therefore not a
second wave of corona, but a so-called “case chemistry” due to an
increased number of tests. 50 The number of hospital admissions or
deaths showed a shortlasting minimal increase in recent weeks, but in
interpreting it, we must take into account the recent heatwave. In
addition, the vast majority of the victims are still in the population
group >75 years.  This indicates that the proportion of the measures
taken in relation to the working population and young people is
disproportionate to the intended objectives.  The vast majority of the
positively tested “infected” persons are in the age group of the
active population, which does not develop any or merely limited
symptoms, due to a well-functioning immune system.  So nothing has
changed – the peak is over.
Strengthening a prevention policy
The corona measures form a striking contrast to the minimal policy
pursued by the government until now, when it comes to well-founded
measures with proven health benefits such as the sugar tax, the ban on
(e-)cigarettes and making healthy food, exercise and social support
networks financially attractive and widely accessible. It is a missed
opportunity for a better prevention policy that could have brought
about a change in mentality in all sections of the population with
clear results in terms of public health. At present, only 3% of the
health care budget goes to prevention. 2
The Hippocratic Oath
As a doctor, we took the Hippocratic Oath: “I will above all care for
my patients, promote their health and alleviate their suffering”.
“I will inform my patients correctly.”
“Even under pressure, I will not use my medical knowledge for
practices that are against humanity.”  The current measures force us
to act against this oath.  Other health professionals have a similar
The ‘primum non nocere’, which every doctor and health professional
assumes, is also undermined by the current measures and by the
prospect of the possible introduction of a generalised vaccine, which
is not subject to extensive prior testing.
Survey studies on influenza vaccinations show that in 10 years we have
only succeeded three times in developing a vaccine with an efficiency
rate of more than 50%. Vaccinating our elderly appears to be
inefficient. Over 75 years of age, the efficacy is almost
non-existent.38 Due to the continuous natural mutation of viruses, as
we also see every year in the case of the influenza virus, a vaccine
is at most a temporary solution, which requires new vaccines each time
afterwards. An untested vaccine, which is implemented by emergency
procedure and for which the manufacturers have already obtained legal
immunity from possible harm, raises serious questions. 39 40 We do not
wish to use our patients as guinea pigs.  On a global scale, 700 000
cases of damage or death are expected as a result of the vaccine.41 If
95% of people experience Covid-19 virtually symptom-free, the risk of
exposure to an untested vaccine is irresponsible.
The role of the media and the official communication plan
Over the past few months, newspaper, radio and TV makers seemed to
stand almost uncritically behind the panel of experts and the
government, there, where it is precisely the press that should be
critical and prevent one-sided governmental communication. This has
led to a public communication in our news media, that was more like
propaganda than objective reporting.
In our opinion, it is the task of journalism to bring news as
objectively and neutrally as possible, aimed at finding the truth and
critically controlling power, with dissenting experts also being given
a forum in which to express themselves.
This view is supported by the journalistic codes of ethics.42
The official story that a lockdown was necessary, that this was the
only possible solution, and that everyone stood behind this lockdown,
made it difficult for people with a different view, as well as
experts, to express a different opinion.
Alternative opinions were ignored or ridiculed. We have not seen open
debates in the media, where different views could be expressed.
We were also surprised by the many videos and articles by many
scientific experts and authorities, which were and are still being
removed from social media. We feel that this does not fit in with a
free, democratic constitutional state, all the more so as it leads to
tunnel vision. This policy also has a paralysing effect and feeds fear
and concern in society. In this context, we reject the intention of
censorship of dissidents in the European Union! 43
The way in which Covid-19 has been portrayed by politicians and the
media has not done the situation any good either. War terms were
popular and warlike language was not lacking. There has often been
mention of a ‘war’ with an ‘invisible enemy’ who has to be
‘defeated’. The use in the media of phrases such as ‘care heroes in
the front line’ and ‘corona victims’ has further fuelled fear, as has
the idea that we are globally dealing with a ‘killer virus’.
The relentless bombardment with figures, that were unleashed on the
population day after day, hour after hour, without interpreting those
figures, without comparing them to flu deaths in other years, without
comparing them to deaths from other causes, has induced a real
psychosis of fear in the population. This is not information, this is
We deplore the role of the WHO in this, which has called for the
infodemic (i.e. all divergent opinions from the official discourse,
including by experts with different views) to be silenced by an
unprecedented media censorship.43 44
We urgently call on the media to take their responsibilities here!
We demand an open debate in which all experts are heard.
Emergency law versus Human Rights
The general principle of good governance calls for the proportionality
of government decisions to be weighed up in the light of the Higher
Legal Standards: any interference by government must comply with the
fundamental rights as protected in the European Convention on Human
Rights (ECHR). Interference by public authorities is only permitted in
crisis situations. In other words, discretionary decisions must be
proportionate to an absolute necessity.
The measures currently taken concern interference in the exercise of,
among other things, the right to respect of private and family life,
freedom of thought, conscience and religion, freedom of expression and
freedom of assembly and association, the right to education, etc., and
must therefore comply with fundamental rights as protected by the
European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR).  For example, in
accordance with Article 8(2) of the ECHR, interference with the right
to private and family life is permissible only if the measures are
necessary in the interests of national security, public safety, the
economic well-being of the country, the protection of public order and
the prevention of criminal offences, the protection of health or the
protection of the rights and freedoms of others, the regulatory text
on which the interference is based must be sufficiently clear,
foreseeable and proportionate to the objectives pursued.45
The predicted pandemic of millions of deaths seemed to respond to
these crisis conditions, leading to the establishment of an emergency
government. Now that the objective facts show something completely
different, the condition of inability to act otherwise (no time to
evaluate thoroughly if there is an emergency) is no longer in
place. Covid-19 is not a cold virus, but a well treatable condition
with a mortality rate comparable to the seasonal flu. In other words,
there is no longer an insurmountable obstacle to public health.
There is no state of emergency.
Immense damage caused by the current policies
An open discussion on corona measures means that, in addition to the
years of life gained by corona patients, we must also take into
account other factors affecting the health of the entire
population. These include damage in the psychosocial domain (increase
in depression, anxiety, suicides, intra-family violence and child
abuse)16 and economic damage.
If we take this collateral damage into account, the current policy is
out of all proportion, the proverbial use of a sledgehammer to crack a
We find it shocking that the government is invoking health as a reason
for the emergency law.
As doctors and health professionals, in the face of a virus which, in
terms of its harmfulness, mortality and transmissibility, approaches
the seasonal influenza, we can only reject these extremely
disproportionate measures.
    We therefore demand an immediate end to all measures.  We are
    questioning the legitimacy of the current advisory experts, who
    meet behind closed doors.  Following on from ACU 2020 46
     we call for an in-depth
    examination of the role of the WHO and the possible influence of
    conflicts of interest in this organisation. It was also at the
    heart of the fight against the “infodemic”, i.e. the systematic
    censorship of all dissenting opinions in the media. This is
    unacceptable for a democratic state governed by the rule of law.43
Distribution of this letter
We would like to make a public appeal to our professional associations
and fellow carers to give their opinion on the current measures.
We draw attention to and call for an open discussion in which carers
can and dare to speak out.
With this open letter, we send out the signal that progress on the
same footing does more harm than good, and call on politicians to
inform themselves independently and critically about the available
evidence – including that from experts with different views, as long
as it is based on sound science – when rolling out a policy, with the
aim of promoting optimum health.
With concern, hope and in a personal capacity.
        standaard.be/preventie
                     President John Magufuli of Tanzania: “Even Papaya and Goats are
    Corona positive”  Open
    letter by biochemist Drs Mario Ortiz Martinez to the Dutch chamber
        Interview with Drs Mario Ortiz Martinez
            Lambrecht, B., Hammad, H. The immunology of the allergy epidemic
    and the hygiene hypothesis. Nat Immunol 18, 1076–1083
    (2017).  Sharvan Sehrawat,
    Barry T. Rouse, Does the hygiene hypothesis apply to COVID-19
    susceptibility?, Microbes and Infection, 2020, ISSN 1286-4579,
                Feys, F., Brokken, S., & De Peuter, S. (2020, May
    22). Risk-benefit and cost-utility analysis for COVID-19 lockdown
    in Belgium: the impact on mental health and
    wellbeing.  Kompanje, 2020 Conn,
    Hafdahl en Brown, 2009; Martinsen 2008; Yau, 2008
                                WHO
                29. Contradictory statements by our virologists
            Security expert Tammy K. Herrema Clark
                                Haralambieva, I.H. et al., 2015. The impact of immunosenescence on
    humoral immune response variation after influenza A/H1N1
    vaccination in older
    subjects.  Global vaccine
    safety summit WHO 2019     No liability manufacturers vaccines
            Journalistic code  Disinformation
    related to COVID-19 approaches European Commission EurLex, juni
    2020 (this file will not damage your computer)
                            There is no revival of the pandemic, but a so-called casedemic due
    to more testing.
