
@_date: unknown_date
@_author: smb@research.att.com 
@_subject: technical information on Clipper 
Return-Path: ISL.Stanford.EDU!hellman
Received: by research.att.com; Sun Apr 18 02:06 EDT 1993
Received: by inet.att.com; Sun Apr 18 02:06 EDT 1993
Received:  by ISL.Stanford.EDU (4.1/25-eef) id AA22827; Sat, 17 Apr 93 23:05:23 PDT
        adw at research.att.com, amo at research.att.com, bach at cs.wisc.edu,
        berson at sri.com, biham at cs.technion.ac.il, branstad at st1.ncsl.nist.gov,
        brassard at iro.umontreal.ca, burt at rsa.com, carl at joe.math.uga.edu,
        caronni at nessie.cs.id.ethz.ch, clipper at csrc.ncsl.nist.gov,
        denning at cs.cosc.georgetown.edu, diffie at eng.sun.com,
        eor at ISL.Stanford.EDU, erdmann at leland, fahn at cs,
        gfung%ccm.UManitoba.CA at cornellc.cit.cornell.edu, gill at ISL.Stanford.EDU,
        gormish at ISL.Stanford.EDU, infort%czheth5a.BITNET at forsythe.stanford.edu,
        jeffr at sco.com, jhwang at ISL.Stanford.EDU, jim at rsa.com,
        jwarren at well.sf.ca.us, jwolf at ucsd.edu, kurlberg at leland,
        langford at ISL.Stanford.EDU, lenstra at flash.bellcore.com, markoff at nyt.com,
        matt at rsa.com, merkle at xerox.com, minnieho at ISL.Stanford.EDU,
        mitran at asic.sc.ti.com, ovseev at ippi.msk.su, rivest at theory.lcs.mit.edu,
        roche at ISL.Stanford.EDU, rotenberg at washofc.cpsr.org,
        scholtz at jimmie.usc.edu, shamir%wisdom.bitnet at forsythe,
        smb at research.att.com, taher at rsa.com, voois at ISL.Stanford.EDU,
        welch at irving.usc.edu, wesel at ISL.Stanford.EDU
Most of you have seen the announcement in Friday's NY Times,
etc. about NIST (National Institute of Standards & Technology)
announcing the "Clipper Chip" crypto device. Several messges
on the net have asked for more technical details, and some have
been laboring under understandable misunderstandings given
the lack of details in the news  articles. So here to help out
is your friendly NSA link: me. I was somewhat surprised Friday
to get a call from the Agency which supplied many of the missing
details. I was told the info was public, so here it is (the cc of this
to Dennis Branstad at NIST is mostly as a double check on my
facts since I assume he is aware of all this; please let me know
if I have anything wrong):
The Clipper Chip will have a secret crypto algorithm embedded in Silicon. Each chip will have two secret, 80-bit keys. One will be the same for all chips (ie a system-wide key) and the other will be unit specific. I don't know what NIST and NSA will call them, but I will call them the system key SK and unit key UK in this message. The IC will be designed to be extremely difficult to reverse so that the system key can be kept secret. (Aside: It is clear that they also want to keep the algorithm secret and, in my opinion, it may be as much for that as this stated purpose.) The unit key will be generated as the XOR of two 80-bit random numbers K1 and K2 (UK=K1+K2) which will be kept by the two escrow authorities. Who these escrow authorities will be is still to be decided by the Attorney General, but it was stressed to me that they will NOT be NSA or law enforcement agencies, that they must be parties acceptable to the users of the system as unbiased. When a law enforcement agency gets a court order, they will present it to these two escrow authorities and receive K1 and K2, thereby allowing access to the unit key UK.
In addition to the system key, each user will get to choose his or her own key and change it as often as desired. Call this key plain old K. When a message is to be sent it will first be encrypted under K, then K will be encrypted under the unit key UK, and the serial number of the unit added to produce a three part message which will then be encrypted under the system key SK      E{ E[M; K], E[K; UK], serial number;  SK}
When a court order obtains K1 and K2, and thence K, the law enforcement agency will use SK to decrypt all information flowing on the suspected link [Aside: It is my guess that they may do this constantly on all links, with or without a court order, since it is almost impossible to tell which links over which a message will flow.] This gives the agency access to      E[M; K], E[K; UK], serial number
in the above message. They then check the serial number of the unit and see if it is on the "watch list" for which they have a court order. If so, they will decrypt E[K; UK] to obtain K, and then decrypt E[M; K] to obtain M.
I am still in the process of assessing this scheme, so please do not take the above as any kind of endorsement of the proposed scheme. All I am trying to do is help all of us assess the scheme more knowledgably. But I will say that the need for just one court order worries me. I would feel more comfortable (though not necessarily comfortable!) if two separate court orders were needed, one per escrow authority. While no explanation is
needed, the following story adds some color: In researching
some ideas that Silvio Micali and I have been kicking around,
I spoke with Gerald Gunther, the constitutional law expert
here at Stanford and he related the following story: When
Edward Levi became Pres. Ford's attorney general (right
after Watergate), he was visited by an FBI agent asking
for "the wiretap authorizations." When Levy asked for
the details so he could review the cases as required by
law, the agent told him that his predecessors just turned
over 40-50 blank, signed forms every time. Levi did not
comply and changed the system, but the lesson is clear: No single person or authority should have the power to
authorize wiretaps (or worse yet, divulging of personal
keys). Sometimes he or she will be an Edward Levi
and sometimes a John Mitchell.
Martin Hellman
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: smb@research.att.com 
@_subject: correction from Hellman 
Here's a follow-up note from Hellman, in response to a question I sent
(and also in response to my request to post his original note to
------- Forwarded Message
It is fine to post my previous message to sci.crypt if you also post this message with it in which:
1. I ask recipients to be sparse in their requesting further info from me or asking for comments on specific questions. By
this posting I apologize for any messages I am unable to
respond to. (I already spend too much time answering too much
e-mail and am particularly overloaded this week with other
responsibilities.) 2. I note a probably correction sent to me by Dorothy Denning.
She met with the person from NSA that
I talked with by phone, so her understanding is likely to
better than mine on this point: Where I said the transmitted
info is  E{ E[M; K], E[K; UK], serial number;  SK}
she says the message is not double encrypted. The system
key (or family key as she was told it is called) only encrypts
the serial number or the serial number and the encrypted
unit key. This is not a major difference, but I thought it
should be mentioned and thank her for bringing it to
my attention. It makes more sense since it cuts down
on encryption computation overhead.
------- End of Forwarded Message
