
@_date: 2020-01-18 14:18:47
@_author: Will Jackson 
@_subject: Mark Zuckerberg (literally, actually) desperate to cash out his 
Presumably this is what you're referencing:
"Four tech firms — two of which are now defunct — are suing Facebook on
antitrust grounds and demanding that Mark Zuckerberg give up control of the
"The four companies are Circl, an online marketplace and social network;
Beehive Biometric, an identity-verification firm; Reveal Chat, a chat app;
and Lenddo, a financial-services provider."
I'm having trouble connecting the dots to Zuck himself, as these (in some
cases erstwhile) CEOs don't actually seem to know him. I admit your premise
is plausible, but not sure if we can get from A to B without more info on
each of these VC pits, their backers & C-suite. This would be helpful to
that end, if anyone has access: Interestingly, Beehive Biometric was partly run by Mary Haskett who is now
CEO of a different biometric startup titled Blink Identity. From their
website: "With decades of experience developing identity systems for
enterprises in high-risk environments, Blink Identity’s biometric matching
system utilizes military-grade technology to reliably identify people at
full walking speed in any lighting condition." Their solution (facial
recognition) reconfigures military tech for stadiums, stateside. Would be
good business if they can convince your average sports fan to link their
season ticket purchase to a biometric profile. From what I can find,
Beehive was doing something similar.
So what the fuck does that have to do with facebook?
Another weird bit is that Lenddo is an Omidyar property, one which some of
you may remember as the US's private-sector counterpart to China's "Social
Credit Score," where a credit score for an individual is determined by many
factors, including social media presence. I use "private-sector" here
loosely, it's intimately linked with USAID
(and thus CIA) and is a way of scooping up another billion people into the
global financial markets. In NGO language: Lenddo and EFL Team Up to Lead
Financial Inclusion Revolution
. That's a press
release announcing their merger with another USAID-backed "global company
that provides psychometric assessments for largely unbanked people," titled
EFL. EFL was born at Harvard before incorporating in the Phillipines (both
founders American) and is headquartered in Singapore - any red flags yet?
But this is all a big digression.
Again, is Facebook even remotely involved with these markets? Has Lenddo
been muscled out of some contract that we just don't know about? From what
I remember internet.org crashed and burned, and private banking wasn't even
the point! I suppose private banking isn't really the point of LenddoEFL
either, as once they are a financial institution with up to 1b customers
they'll be in the god-tier of financial institutions, repackaging their
debts and assets into all sorts of new tradable instruments, and of course,
they'll be much too big to fail. Besides, think of the poor peasants you'll
be hurting by not bailing out their loansharks!
I don't care about the other two frankly, probably just trying to recoup
some losses.
I probably got some of the details here wrong but you get the gist: two of
these companies seem to be complaining that facebook has monopolized social
and biometric data collection. Not only does this seem manifestly untrue it
seems difficult to provide even a lick of evidence for the latter.
Something's fishy but I'm not totally buying the Zuck fortune exfiltration
story. I guess I understand why LenddoEFL wants in to facebook's walled
garden, but their status as basically a front for USAID / CIA "development"
ops in areas beyond (or just within) facebook's grasp makes me wonder why
they want access to facebook's market-share. Are there that many unbanked
facebook users?
more evidence please

@_date: 2020-01-20 09:05:43
@_author: Will Jackson 
@_subject: Mark Zuckerberg (literally, actually) desperate to cash out his 
Interesting, I suppose we'll see if LenddoEFL becomes a facebook property,
or if their IP ends up in facebook's custody.
I admit it's compelling, and if it is a sort of capital jailbreak / social
score coup de grace masked as intra-elite squabbling it should be received
as a message on the order of the Epstein murder or great recession bailouts.
Lenddo and the Omidyar Network put a real twist on things, bringing,
presumably, tons of capital and power to the fight, and I'm beginning to
think the little guys (unheard-of chat client, social media, or as a friend
said "losers sue winner for winning") are there just to get standing.
Please update this thread with any news.
