
@_date: 2019-12-10 19:45:29
@_author: WonderPaint-support@wonderpaint.com 
@_subject: Work on your site without being online 
What do you mean download the page!?  You should have a copy
of your complete website available on your local computer.  Thus
you can work on the site without an internet connection. With an
online connection absolute URL's like a BeSeen counter will still
function on your local site.  Sure it will throw the actual counter
numbers off a little ... but those things aren't 100% accurate anyway.
(Next time you see one on someone's page try hitting "Reload" a
couple times.)
Having a local copy of your site means you can make changes
and ascertain that changes are acceptable before uploading.  Most
importantly, it protects you from losing the entire website if something
happens to your service provider.  If his hard drive crashes tomorrow
are you ready to rebuild your site from scratch?
Finally, FTP your redesigned pages to the server.  Overwrite the
existing file and you'll never have "helpful" software agents
disagreeing with your changes.
Jim Shofstall
webmaster at wonderpaint.com
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   N Venugopal Rao
nvengo at rediffmail.com
Site   info at traces.nu
Site   April Williams
xena6 at bellsouth.net
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site   webmaster at alabastercove.com
I like the look of the site, colors are nice. Both the logo and the
header need to be optimized for the web to improve the
resolution.  Too grainy and distorted.  Background for the
and header need to be uniform.
Yes, you do say that this site is unlike any other.  It is, however,
a site that I would not bookmark nor return to.
Why?  Just too much stuff!  Nothing clearly states the purpose
of the site nor tells the visitor what to do.
I reviewed site # 135 alabastercove.com  i use Internet explorer
and I have to say I never made it past the first 2 pages. Between
several pop up windows (gosh I hate those!) and poor display with
windows covering text on the first paragraph i just couldn't force
myself to take any more time there! It's a shame as it looks like it's
an interesting site with great recipes.  Please lose some of the
up windows!
First Impression: opening page = nice
I was ready for a stroll at a beach expecting to be invited to spend
relaxing weekend at a lovely place on the beach. If that is actually
part of
this site someplace, I never found it.
Still on page one:
The animated banner is a little annoying. I prefer static banners.
But this
page is okay and left me with anticipation.
Then the nightmare began. pop up banners from every corner it seemed.
The one
with the camera took up the entire screen and I thought that that was
When closing that window, there was again a page filled with a jumble
recipes, and heavens knows what else. I never found the beach I wanted
relax on.
So I went home, disappointed.
The color grey/subdued pink is really nice and if you do have a beach
share I'd love to see pictures but I surely am not willing to wade
through a
mile of flotsam before I get there.
In other words, pages which have tons of pop-ups, flashing banners etc.
just so annoying even relative newbies like myself will not hang around,
less the more sophisticated surfer.
The first time I clicked into this site it took forever for the front
page to load (specifically the lighthouse graphic).  I have a
connection, but this one was one of the slowest sites I've come across.
After it was in my cache and I went back again later, it wasn't so
In trying to see what the site was about, I almost gave up and quit
clicking things when nothing ever came up.  If it wasn't for the
that I was trying to review it, I would have given up before I got
the Y4 page.  I think you will lose any traffic that makes it
past the
slow-loading front page unless you put something in those blank
pages to let them know you really are there and have a purpose.
This website made a promising start and I was pleased to see a
navigation bar on the top of each page.  However, each page has
no content although one is invited to search on each page (but
search for what?)
They appear to auction on Ebay and take PayPal but I couldn't
find any products or any info from clicking the smart top navigation
bar and gave up after a few pages.  This website desperately needs
some content!  There's little point in having navigation bars
links to FAQs, About Us, etc when each page is an identical blank one...
I hate pop up windows - especially those that take forever to load,
and completely cover the original website - you never know where
you really are.
This site needs a professional touch - the navigation links are hard
read, and the click-on logo on page one is - well, I not very clear!!!
The gray background is dreary and the pages take too long to load.
I don't know why you would want someone to be able to view your
site statistics, but I have never seen that before so I clicked it. 
had 1 visitor today and that might be me.  You had twelve visitors
this week, and your site is full of ads for companies that can explode
your web traffic.
The top 5 links box was in my way.  It took forever to load the
(56k) probably because of all the scripts you have running your
popups.  It took me even longer to write this review because I
your site open on my browser right now and it keeps freezing every
30 seconds to run another pop up script.
I can't read the words in the navigation banner at the top.
While you admit that you can't categorize the focus of your
website...this does not make it ok.  What is this website for?
It is a bunch of links and even more advertisements.  I couldn't
even bring myself to click one link, because I'm so sick of the
constant popups.  If you are trying to make money with the ads
on your site, you have to build a site that will bring visitors who
will stay.  You can't market everything to everyone.  Pick
a focus
for the site.  Pick a target audience, and market to them.
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.

@_date: 2019-12-10 19:45:29
@_author: WonderPaint-support@wonderpaint.com 
@_subject: Many factors in the operating system that cause conflicts 
Dear Nicety,
As regards your problem with Windoze freezing and locking up your computer I'm afraid your "SOL" as finding a true solution.  There are many factors in the operating system that cause conflicts resulting in a locked machine.  One major problem is that many programs don't release memory when you exit.  When working in Windoze I've always taken the approach of rebooting on a regular basis before I've had problems, especially if I've opened and closed several different applications.
Back in August 1999 John Kirch, a Microsoft Certified Professional,
wrote an extensive article discussing the merits of a *nix operating
system vs Windows NT.  You can read it at   What was true back then is even truer today.  Every current "worm" you are hearing about on the news lately occurs in Windoze operating systems.  So, IMHO, the solution to your machine locking-up is to change the OS.  Running Linux, my machine has been up for periods of weeks at a time with no need to reboot.  In over a year of running I can count the lock-ups on one hand and have fingers left over. I have more software installed than I ever had in Windoze ... and the price is right -- free.
Jim Shofstall
webmaster at wonderpaint.com
Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   Carol Hall
carol at floridarental.co.uk
Site   James Garrison
webmaster at sharesmiles.com
Site   gofreet at yahoo.com.au
Site   info at tpcenterprises.com
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site   MDegaston at aol.com
I really love clean, uncluttered, easy to read and navigate
sites like these two. They are both very attractive and well
presented.  In my opinion, the book site could have been
a little softer, or with similar characteristics to the next site,
preparing me for the site that it links to, and having a
relationship to it.
What I did feel most, was that I was expecting something
related to the url  "prosperouswomen" to come up, as this
"word" was what caught my attention and caused me to
click in the first place.
I feel the book page should be a tool for the "PW" page and
not a preface to it.  The main site should be the PW and the
book site could be a link or a popup or an additional page.
(You need to take e out of changing on the book page.)
With these:
Find out how you can receive the free book.
Email us at directions4U at aol.com
For this and a number of other free books on networkmarketing
write to us at directions4U at aol.com
I would have liked these to be clickable links, rather than
copy and paste.
Very nice job on the sites, Margarete ... I really liked them.
(and I have ordered the book!)
I waited over 70 seconds and had yet to see the first page.
Could not determine if this was related to volume of graphics
or where we were headed.
Very clear, focused site with one page promoting a free book.
Don't underline text unless it's a link, or somehow distinguish
between the links and that which is not.
I finally figured out the logo for properouswomen was also
linked so I checked that out also. I think you need to make that
link more noticeable, and also link to your bizland site.
If you used a form for ordering the book instead of sending a
request message to an aol email address you would get more
requests, and also might be able to automate this process.
I loved this site because it was clear, simple and to the point.
It also peaked my curiosity and I followed the link supplied.
If only other sites we so simplistic!
With the masterminding site, the first sentence 'Major Impact
on Your Life' is incomplete. There were also run-on sentences
in the copy, even though the copy is quite effective. The box
with "Life Changeing Insight" needs the 'e' taken out of
'changeing', and it looked like the text could have been extended
to go from side to side. In the first paragraph  '... an amazing
year old text...' felt like it should be 'book' or 'secret' instead
using the word 'text'.  Also it would add credibility to say where
or how or by whom it was discovered.
The message is clear, the site design simple. Two things that
would make the site more effective (on getting people to request
the book) would be to say if this is an ebook, how long it is, in
what format it is, etc. and then also using a form for people to
order instead of emailing. You should be able to pick up a form
for this just about anywhere.
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
