
@_date: 2020-04-02 22:06:13
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: True News: Japanese VP: The WHO Should Be Renamed The "Chinese 
TFW your country believed the World Health Organization about China Virus, you failed to go into lock down for the Kung Flu, and is now paying the piper re the Ching Chong China Chest Infection.
  Japanese VP: The WHO Should Be Renamed The "Chinese Health Organization"
        The deputy prime minister of Japan says that the WHO should be renamed the ‘Chinese Health Organization’ for its role in helping Beijing cover-up the severity of the coronavirus outbreak.
    Referring to a petition which now has almost 700,000 signatures calling on WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom to resign, Taro Aso tore into the organization for conspiring with China and failing to stop a global pandemic that could have been prevented.
        “People think the World Health Organization should change its name. It shouldn’t be called the WHO, it should be renamed the Chinese Health Organization (CHO). This appeal is truly resonating with the people,” said Aso.
        “Early on, if the WHO had not insisted to the world that China had no pneumonia epidemic, then everybody would have taken precautions,” he added, noting that Taiwan had to face coronavirus on its own because it was excluded from the WHO.
    Indeed, as we have highlighted, the World Health Organization repeatedly amplified Chinese propaganda that the coronavirus outbreak was under control, including a January 14th tweet which falsely claimed there was no human to human transmission of the disease, despite this having occurred in December.
    Throughout January, the WHO praised China for its open and “speedy” response to COVID-19, even as Beijing authorities were silencing and disappearing doctors like Ai Fen who tried to warn the world that China was engaged in a cover-up.
    The global health body also repeatedly told countries not to enforce border controls that could have stopped the spread of the virus, instead placing more importance on avoiding the “stigmatization” of Chinese people.
        Daily reminder that China is to blame for coronavirus.
        It originated in China.
        China lied about human to human transmission.
        The WHO amplified this lie.
        China disappeared doctors who tried to warn the world.
        Yet our media still suggests it's racist to talk about any of this.
          — Paul Joseph Watson ( April 1, 2020

@_date: 2020-04-03 18:53:15
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: LaForest/ OrientalReview.org: "globalism is dead and ready for 
Look no further for a summary with interesting take on the imminent death of globalism, happening before our couches, I mean eyes.
Trump still alive and Putin sending him assistance?  Today, the Z.g feels n.gtastic!  Time for some moar Raqqa drift, baby yeah..  ;D
  Putin & Trump Versus The New World Order: The Final Battle
   Sylvain LaForest via OrientalReview.org, 2020-03-31
          .. Because his opponents had been looting the planet for 250 years through colonization insured by a military dominance, Vlad knew that he had to start by building an invincible military machine. And he did. He came up with different types of hypersonic missiles that can’t be stopped, the best defensive systems on the planet, the best electronic jamming systems, and the best planes. Then to make sure that a nuclear war wouldn’t be an option, he came up with stuff which nightmares are made of, such as the Sarmat, the Poseidon and the Avangard, all unstoppable and able to destroy any country in a matter of a few hours.
      .. On Saturday March 28th, Russia announced its own corona-killing brew, based on Dr Raoult’s magic potion. Yet another Cossack blow, this time to the big pharmas jugular vein, while most Western countries now have to implement the good doctor’s treatment, or face the slap of a Russian pill coming to save its citizen. Putin is in the lifesaving business these days: in the last week of March, he sent 15 military planes filled with doctors and supplies directly to North Italy, after an aid plane from China was blocked by the Czech Republic. We’re about to learn that European countries fear that China or Russia finds the truth in the Lombardy region, where people are not dying from some corona bug, but probably from a deadly cocktail hybrid from two earlier vaccines for meningitis and influenza, that they were injected in separate vaccination campaigns.
      ..

@_date: 2020-04-04 10:41:09
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: actual face mask sterilization HOWTO -- Re: Coronavirus: Thread 
I did try sterilizing my face mask just this morning, and realised in a daze it was my wife's G-string.
I'd been washing and sterilizing, sterilizing and washing so hard, only the outside string was left over - then I realised dey was a crotchless g-string.
This was mildly disconcerting - was the crotch always not there, or is my sanitizer so powerful it literally melted the crotch away?
Finally I realised it was my wife, not her g-string - she doesn't have one you see. A g-string that is.
Oh well, at least she's now "sanitized".
Moar updates to come...

@_date: 2020-04-04 11:17:37
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: China's Shenzen literally bans eating of cats and dogs - too little 
Suprised.  From the "crispy bat wing soup" and "crushed dried bird ancient remedy" empire comes a ban, after 3,500 years, and in a cynical and superficial nod to China's crumbling image in the West, on eating dogs and cats.
China's Shenzen literally bans the eating of cats and dogs - is this too little too late or will China's Kung Flu decimate the world's population leading to a Georgian guidestones utopia?
  China's 'Silicon Valley' Bans Consumption Of Cats, Dogs
      .. The new law will take effect May 1, and was described as an "extension" of national laws banning the eating of wild animals. The Humane Society claims 30 million dogs a year are killed across Asia for meat. However, the consumption of dogs and cats for meat isn't that common in China, and "most" Chinese say they won't do it, according to the BBC [propaganda alert].
        .. "This ban also responds to the demand and spirit of human civilization," they said.

@_date: 2020-04-04 11:01:12
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Tracing COVID-19 cases with Google Timeline? 
Well, perhaps they can prove or disprove AOC's theory that China virus -literally- racially profiles by targeting Black+Brown people, who therefore "need financial reparations".
AOC is one for the record books with this actual "true news of the week" story I guess...
   AOC Demands COVID-19 "Reparations" For Black+Brown People
            Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez has called for coronavirus “reparations” for black and brown people, claiming that “environmental racism” is an “underlying health condition.”
      .. “That’s shameful. No wonder voters think that she is out of touch. She has a golf-simulator and infinity pool and Peloton Cycle room as well as other luxuries while families in the Bronx and Queens are worried about how long the lines are at the grocery store and where they are going to get their next paycheck. AOC isn’t even here to see their desperation and their struggle to survive with her own eyes,” the challenger said.
      .. AOC provided no source to substantiate the claim that COVID-19 deaths were spiking in black or brown communities
      .. Another individual suggested that black bodies “work differently” and that this was also the fault of white supremacy.
      .. Ocasio-Cortez previously waded into the coronavirus debate by demanding the FDA relax rules on blood donation, allowing homosexuals to donate blood despite a greater risk of infection. The rule was subsequently relaxed.

@_date: 2020-04-05 13:46:13
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Are you a man, or a pouty little bitch? - [PEACE] 
Navy Captains shall not be pouty little bitches.
That sentence should not need to be written.
A captain who fails to take every opportunity in peace time, to train for actual war time, is negligent in his duty to his men.
And one who sqwarks to the world, sqeaking for "rescue evac to save us from this annual Coronavirus flu and the sniffles we face", hiding behind "jus tryin ta save muh men," is, without doubt,  a  pouty  little  bitch.
Who could have predicted Trump supporting the sacking of such a "captain"?
  Trump Says He Agrees With Decision to Remove Captain of Theodore Roosevelt Aircraft Carrier
        WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - US President Donald Trump says he supports the decision to remove US aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt Captain Brett Crozier over the captain’s inappropriate email regarding the COVID-19 outbreak.
          "Here we have one of the greatest ships in the world … with thousands and thousands of people and you had about 120 that were infected and I guess the captain stopped in Vietnam and people got off in Vietnam, perhaps you don’t do that in the middle of the pandemic", Trump said at the White House Coronavirus Task Force briefing on Saturday.
      According to the president, the captain wrote a "5-page letter" that was "all over the place".
          "They made their decision, I didn’t make the decision, the Secretary of Defence was involved and a lot of people were involved. I thought it was terrible what he did, to write a letter? This isn’t a class of literature", Trump told reporters.
      ..
In more serious news:
  Everyone Jumps Off Bridge After New Government Order Telling Everyone To Jump Off Bridge
    Chick-Fil-A Temporarily Changes Slogan To 'Eat Fewer Bats'
    Teachers Urge Government To Reopen Schools Before Students Learn To Think For Themselves
    CNN Publishes Real News Story For April Fools' Day
    Man Brilliantly Defuses Argument By Telling Wife To Calm Down

@_date: 2020-04-05 20:20:02
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Inspector General Report & FISA: Reform Needed | National Review 
"The secretive, unconstitutional, immoral and unethical FISA court needs reform."
Well sheeit!
What it needs is elimination - it is an abomination of anything resembling "justice"!

@_date: 2020-04-06 16:32:07
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: China Spy secrets -- Re: Organ Harvesting - "good business practice" 
WORLD EXCLUSIVE: Chinese spy spills secrets to expose Communist espionage | 60 Minutes Australia
      A Chinese spy defects to Australia. His shocking revelations are guaranteed to infuriate Beijing.  How China conducts questionable activities around the world, including its attempts to infiltrate the Australian government.

@_date: 2020-04-07 08:54:22
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: use leaves! - Re: Coronapocalypse! - Austraya just ONE shit away 
NYT Op-Ed Calls For People To Stop Using Toilet Paper
          The New York Times has published an Op-Ed which shames people into the 'correct' way to clean up after dropping a steamer - arguing that amid an absurd toilet paper shortage due to coronavirus, people should simply ditch trees and begin using bidets to strip-mine their crevices.
          Panic buying of toilet paper has spread around the globe as rapidly as the virus, even though there have been no disruptions in supply and the symptoms of Covid-19 are primarily respiratory, not gastrointestinal. In many stores, you can still readily find food, but nothing to wipe yourself once it’s fully digested.
          This is all the more puzzling when you consider that toilet paper is an antiquated technology that infectious disease and colorectal specialists say is neither efficient nor hygienic. Indeed, it dates back at least as far as the sixth century, when a Chinese scholar wrote that he “dared not” use paper from certain classical texts for “toilet purposes.” -NYT
                The author, Kate Murphy, educates us on the history of ass-wiping, writing that before TP was readily available for our bungholes, "people used leaves, seashells, fur pelts and corn cobs," and that "The ancient Greeks and Romans used small ceramic disks and also sponges on the ends of sticks, which were then plunged into a bucket of vinegar or salt water for the next person to use."
      This is all according to forensic anthropologist and historical pooping expert Philippe Charlier, who wrote a 2012 book - "Toilet Hygine in the Classical Era."
      "It's not sexy," said Charlier. "but when you study poo from 2000 B.C. you can get a lot of information about alimentation, digestion, health, genetics and migration of populations."
      Modern, perforated toilet paper was invented by Seth Wheeler in 1891 according to a patent he took out on the concept.
            Then we have the invention of the wet wipe - which any modern parent knows is far superior to toilet paper.
          ...they are now marketed aggressively to adults with gender specific brands like Dude-Wipes and Queen V. Sales reached $1.1 billion worldwide last year, up 35 percent from five years ago, according to Euromonitor International. The unfortunate result is that the wipes have begun to coalesce with grease in city sewer systems to form blockages the size of airliners. -NYT
                The ultimate solution? A bidet.
      According to Murphy, "experts agree that rinsing yourself with water is infinitely more sanitary and environmentally sound."
      According to Dr. H. Randolph Bailey, a colorectal surgeon (when he could have chosen literally any other specialty), said "A lot of people who come to see me have fairly significant irritation of their bottoms," adding "Most of the time it has to do with overzealous cleaning."
      Bailey added that 'you're just never going to get as clean as rinsing with water.'
      Murphy, meanwhile, shames readers by comparing the rest of the world to Japan - which has "high-tech toilets capable of cleansing users with precisely directed temperature-controlled streams of water," we've become bidet-averse.
          Blame prudishness and puritanism, at least in part: Bidets, once ubiquitous in France, became associated with hedonism and licentiousness. Marie Antoinette had a red-trimmed bidet in her prison cell while awaiting the guillotine. And during World War II, American soldiers first saw bidets in French brothels, which made them think they were naughty. An often-told joke was that a wealthy American tourist in Paris assumed the bidet in her hotel room was for washing babies in, until the maid told her, “No, madame, this is to wash the babies out.”
                    But even in France, toilet paper has taken over. “Now, when constructing a new flat, nobody puts a bidet in it,” Dr. Charlier said. “There’s not room for it, particularly in Paris.” Although, when the bidet is incorporated in the toilet, as modern versions are, space is a nonissue. “Maybe there are also psychological reasons we do not embrace the newer technology,” he said. -NYT
      So - with toilet paper flying off the shelves amid the coronavirus pandemic, is it time to start freshening up with a targeted blast of H20?

@_date: 2020-04-07 23:15:06
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Soul cookie - a future for our children/ shaggy pillow 
Better Than a Teddy Bear: Shaggy Dog Serves as Hug Pillow for Infant
    Also, children with pets == far fewer allergies and a stronger immune system:
  More Pets, Fewer Allergies
  Children who live with cats and dogs when they are infants are less likely to develop allergies later in childhood
      .. In both groups, allergy reports declined steadily with the number of pets, from about a third of the children in families with no pets down to zero in households with five or more cats or dogs.
    The study, in PLOS One, controlled for many factors, but the link between pet ownership and decreasing risk for allergy persisted.
  Number of Pets in Infancy Tied to Lower Allergy Risk
  A study finds the effect is dose-dependent, with each additional pet further lowering the odds of developing allergies.
    [ridiculously cute picture of dog and child not attached]
      .. “This is the hygiene hypothesis at work,” coauthor Bill Hesselmar, an associate professor at the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, tells The New York Times, referring to the longstanding idea that a lack of exposure to infectious diseases, microbes, or parasites in developed countries has led to climbing rates of allergies and other autoimmune conditions.

@_date: 2020-04-09 19:16:23
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Reminder of Chinese regime's approach to dissidents and spies 
No, not talking about Tianenmen square and the flattened "tank man".
Shooting executions, on the street in public.  Somewhat analogous to MBS treatment of "sexual deviants" and undesirable Saudi native reporters/diplomats, ala Kashoggi.
  Shocking Report Details How CIA Hubris Exposed Agents In China, Resulting In 30 Executions
   Fri, 08/17/2018 - 05:25
      .. up to 30 CIA agents and assets working in China were identified and executed by Chinese counterintelligence over a two year period after the CIA's encrypted communications system was infiltrated.     The report is based on former and current unnamed CIA officials who were part of the program, which established a network of spies across China.
  Killing C.I.A. Informants, China Crippled U.S. Spying Operations
      .. one was shot in front of his colleagues in the courtyard of a government building — a message to others
   MAJOR REVELATION? CHINA EXECUTED 30 CIA ASSETS & AGENTS, SAYS U.S THINK-TANK
       .. Chinese counterintelligence successfully penetrated a CIA spy ring, resulting in the execution of upwards of 30 CIA agents and assets
There are regimes, and there are regimes.

@_date: 2020-04-09 19:40:10
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Gratitude - We are now living (at least some of) our sabbaths/ 
Something to be grateful for - days off, a load off our shoulders, somewhat of a stasis in our respective countries, a calm and a time to contemplate.
Many years ago, weekends used to be a thing, in Australia from Saturday afternoon and through all of Sunday.
Then the large retail chains lobbied and stayed open all Saturday, then later, repeated this process for Sunday with some stores in busy metro city areas opening 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Our Sabbaths were thus taken from us.
We were complicit to some degree, most tacitly consenting to the oligarch's new regime, as we dutifully stepped up our hampster wheel trundling to a full 6, then eventually 7 days a week - working, schooling, shopping, working.
Most of the broader Commonwealth of nations essentially deregulated shopping hours from the early to the mid 1990s, often making this appear "ok" by having "govt. applications" and "licenses" to trade on the previously unsanctioned day(s), "most of South America by the 1980s" and throughout the '80s and '90s in most of the rest of the world.
  Let's take 1990 as a benchmark and ignore the loss of Saturday afternoons, but include every Sunday of the year:
  20 years is 52 weeks worth of Sundays = 1040 days
  1040 days is roughly 3 years.
Now I'm not suggesting we aim to lock ourselves down for 3 years straight :)
But we can use this grant of "slow time" according to our own wisdom:
  - We may do some of the indoor things we promised our children, spouse, self.  We may contemplate on the wonder of life, the universe, our existence, meta awareness ("I am aware that I am aware", "I am aware that I feel ...", "I am aware that I may think a series of thoughts").
  - We may contemplate the future and the type of world we might co-create with our fellow Souls - would we reclaim our "slow" days, be it a full weekend, an official sabbath, or something similar?  (And note that mathematically, and also if you consider steadily roaming around the Earth from East to West only, and also depending on which calendar system you choose to use, whether your Sabbath is Saturday or Sunday is on each of these grounds alone, truly a moot point).
  - Ought we have a global debt jubilee?
  - How might we balance our duty of care to one another on various vectors (health/viruses, travel, speech, etc)?
  - In what ways can we begin to hold our governments to account?
May your catch up sabbaths be fruitful for you and yours...

@_date: 2020-04-10 11:18:47
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: UBI definition 
UBI:
    - Universal basic income.
    - Universal banker's' insurance (literally).
    - Ungodly bloody institute.

@_date: 2020-04-10 15:29:51
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: ideas? - + an open note to Andrew Anglin -- Re: =?utf-8?Q?our?= 
=?utf-8?B?ZWQgY291cCBk4oCZw6l0YXQs?= 1933-34 - [PEACE]
    "Let Them Fail" - Billionaire Explains To Gobsmacked CNBC Host How Capitalism Is Supposed To Work
          .. In terms of drama, CNBC is usually pretty staid. But every once in a while, there's a fight, or a contentious interview, that really grabs people's attention. On Thursday, such a confrontation occurred during "the Halftime Report" as Scott "The Judge" Wapner interviewed early Facebook investor and uber-wealthy VC investor Chamath Palihapitiya.
      Wapner brought up the question of the bailouts for main street and corporate America that the Trump Administration has packaged as part of its $2.2 trillion plan. Palihapitiya raised an issue with the program, arguing that the administration would be using taxpayer money to prop up "zombie companies."
      Then Wapner asked: "Are you arguing to let airlines fail?
      Palihapitiya, who was speaking on the phone, responded with a very assertive "Yes."
      Wapner seemed blown away by this. Struggling to process the answer he had just been given, he followed-up, incredulously: "But how does that make sense in the broader scheme of the economy."
      Then Palihapitiya went off.
          "This is a lie that's been propagated by Wall Street. When a company fails, it does not fire its employees...it goes through a packaged bankruptcy...if anything, what happens is the employees end up owning more of the company. The people who get wiped out are the people who own the unsecured debt and the equity...but the employees don't get wiped out and the pensions don't get wiped out."
          [...]
          "And if a bunch of hedge funds get wiped out - what's the big deal? Let them fail. So they don't get the summer in the Hamptons - who cares."
      Out in the real world, people say mean things about the rich all the time. But it doesn't happen quite as often on CNBC. In fact, sometimes CNBC's hosts seem downright confused when people don't seem to care about asset prices above all else - like that time Rick Santelli said we should all just go get infected and let grandma die to save the stock market. What's more, Wapner seemed almost personally insulted by Palihapitiya's response.
      ..
[Ah just -love- the sweet smell of rock solid smug certainty from a wealthy and principled Palihapitiya in da mornin' :D]
[He be wipin' dey smiles off dey smug CNBC NPCs in da morning' :D :D]
[Ohhhh, yeahhhh - you know you love it :D]
[Very, very smug pic of Chamath Palihapitiya, billionaire, not attached.]
But but but ... muh hedge funds ???
Qants gone wild ... wif da rage!  Hah hah!
Just rememba, muh one percentas, keep dey eye on dey ball - ball name Chi-na.  As in "Chi" followed by "na" - kapish?
Did I mention China?
  Japan To Spend Billions Relocating Production Out Of China

@_date: 2020-04-11 23:02:59
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Louis C.K. - snowflake shoah - expanding the comedy overton window 
A comedian who actually does appear to be actually racist, mysogynistic and the reset of the barrage of epithets thrown his way... this is lidderally anuddah shoah :)
Probably a bit rough around the edges for some, so note the B.gga Tr.gga Warning as "Sincerely Louis C.K." gets the Official N.gger Seal Of Approval.
   ‘Racist,’ ‘misogynistic,' sh*thead': Wokesters fume as Louis C.K. brilliantly sidesteps cancel culture with new special
          Louis C.K.’s independently released comedy special is a ding in the armor of cancel culture, a perfect takedown of woke mobs that proves humor is the voice of the people.
       After losing gigs at FX, Netflix, HBO, and having his film ‘I Love You Daddy’ scrapped at the last minute in 2017, it was easy to presume the edgy humor of Louis C.K. would go dark forever. After all, who could remain funny after being accused of sexual misconduct in the midst of the  craze?
       After taking a few months away, the comedian hit the road again and took the scandals surrounding him head-on. Now, he’s taken things a step further and released a new comedy special titled ‘Sincerely Louis C.K.’
       Without a major outlet willing to touch the seeming pariah, Louis C.K. side-stepped cancel culture’s consequences and released the special independently through his website for the low cost of $7.99.
       To say the world’s woke warriors have been outraged would be an understatement.
       “Louis CK whips out a new comedy special nobody wants to see,” the Mary Sue wrote.
       “Louis CK releases special no one asked for,” the Daily Beast added.        Variety’s Jordan Moreau calls the new special “racist” and “misogynistic.”        Other left-wing outlets have been producing similar coverage giving special attention to C.K.’s humor about his own misconduct. Some even contemplated the “challenge” of watching the comedian perform standup in the wake of his scandals — he was accused by several women of pleasuring himself in front of them, and though he claims he got consent each time, he admits he “wielded [his] power irresponsibly.”
       ...
33 minutes here: Full show ~1hr ($8):

@_date: 2020-04-17 22:22:34
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [MINISTRY] "This is a time to pull together, turn our minds off,  
So CBC thinks of the children and "totally, like, gets it like" in a single minded mission to relate to younger "media consumers" and "teaches" them how to shut down their parent's conspiracy theories - you just know this is going to work well ... or something:
  CBC Instructs Kids On How To Shut Down Their Parents' "Conspiracy Theories"
        .. At one point in the piece, the reporter even suggests that conspiracy theories can be “just as dangerous as a virus.”
    .. The irony of all this of course is that virtually nobody trusts the mainstream media, so when they attack conspiracy theories it just makes more people believe them.
    When social media giants then get involved to censor information about the same conspiracy theories, that also bolsters the notion that they’re accurate because powerful interests are trying to stifle them.
    Take the news report below as an example.
        A reporter who adopts a stereotypical fake ‘news reporter’ accent which normal people don’t use when they talk to each other tells the viewer that the conspiracy theory linking 5G to coronavirus is false.
    A doctor wearing a white lab coat inside what appears to be his own home (to stress faux authority) is then presented to call the conspiracy “completely false.”
    The doctor doesn’t even explain why it’s false (he could have pointed out for example that Iran was impacted by coronavirus yet has no 5G network at all), but the news station just expects the viewer to believe him because he’s an authority figure in uniform.
    In reality, as the comments below the video prove, the vast majority of people see the news report as desperate and hokey, making them believe the conspiracy theory to an even greater degree.
Perhaps CBC has embraced their inner child just a little too closely?

@_date: 2020-04-18 18:12:08
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Soul cookie - the duck that stood its ground 
Damn, what a duck!  More courage than your average human...
  Wrong Bird to Mess With: Fearless Canadian Goose Shoos Away Bunch of Bovine 'Bullies'
        One can only admire this intrepid bird; it certainly showed those bulls who the boss was and they will probably think twice before picking on other geese.
      A video has surfaced on Twitter in which a Canadian goose was seen surrounded by a herd of intimidating bulls. However, the bird sure knows how to stand its ground, and is unafraid to confront the aggressors. The goose fights back, pecking the bulls with its beak and fluttering its wings to drive them away. As the brawl continues, the bovines seem to be less and less willing to take on the avid, apparently learning a lesson that small does not necessarily mean weak.
      April 11, 2020

@_date: 2020-04-26 14:39:32
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: JewTube's CEO Wojcicki: "anything that would go against World Health 
[PEACE] and [HEALTH]
Harr de harr harr, stright from The Ministry's Department Of Our Forever Bracked Overlords - JewTube be keepin dey information LameStream:
  Jewess Who Runs JewTube Vows to Censor Anything That Contradicts Doctor WHO
      [truly sickening meme image, NOt attached!]
    “Trust me, goy, I know what’s best for you” just isn’t carrying the weight it once did.
    We goyim have been having a little too much freedom lately.
    Good thing the Jews are always there to make sure we don’t hurt ourselves by seeing things we’re not supposed to see.
        :
        Susan Wojcicki, the CEO of YouTube, announced that all content contradicting the Word Health Organization (WHO) on the coronavirus pandemic will be removed from the video platform.
        During a CNN interview last Sunday, Wojcicki explained there was “a 75 percent increase in the news coming from authoritative sources since the beginning of 2020. So, we have seen a lot of demand there.”
        “But then we also talk about removing information that is problematic,” she continued. “Of course, anything that is medically unsubstantiated. So people saying, like, take vitamin C, you know, take turmeric, like, those are — will cure you. Those are the examples of things that would be a violation of our policy.”
        She then specified that “[a]nything that would go against World Health Organization recommendations would be a violation of our policy. And so remove is another really important part of our policy.”
    Telling people that taking vitamin C might help cure you of the Holocough is thoughtcrime now.
    Vitamin C should, technically, help you feel better even if it doesn’t have a direct effect against this specific form of flu.
    And why do you need to censor something like this?
    They keep telling us of the joys of democracy.
    Can people who are capable of deciding who should be president not be capable of understanding basic notions of reality?
    And what exactly makes the bulbhead-run WHO more trustworthy than some rando on the internet?
    ...

@_date: 2020-04-27 11:20:31
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Google +1s "#DeleteAllWomen" -- Re: Neo-Nazi White Knights Go All in 
Re: TDS: World's  Weinstein Supporter - Oh yeah, it might have been a sad world, but now Google is back literally defending misogyny and literal digital (as in the finger, not the numbers) rape!
  Google deletes Biden accuser's mother's phone interview on CNN's Larry King Live from their Google Play catalog,
  to literally "make digital rape great again".
  Google - the best friend of digital rapists.
Because believe all women ... um,  - YEAH :D
  Archive Of Biden Accuser's Mother Calling CNN Scrubbed From Google Play Catalog
        An archived episode of CNN's "Larry King Live" featuring a call from an anonymous caller later identified as the mother of Biden accuser Tara Reid appears to have been scrubbed from the Google Play catalog.
      The August 11, 1993 broadcast is conspicuously missing from the catalog in between the August 10 and August 12 episodes, according to a screenshot taken by Twitter user  who writes "CNN removed the August 11th, 1993 Larry King Episode from Google Play, the episode featuring a call from Tara Reade's mother."
            .. Zero Hedge confirmed the observation:
      .. The Intercept broke the news that a transcript existed of the Aug. 11, 1993 broadcast, while Reade confirmed with Fox News that the woman on the call was in fact her mother, Jeanette Altimus.
                  .. "San Luis Obispo, California, hello," King begins.
      "Yes, hello. I’m wondering what a staffer would do besides go to the press in Washington? My daughter has just left there, after working for a prominent senator, and could not get through with her problems at all, and the only thing she could have done was go to the press, and she chose not to do it out of respect for him," the caller says.
      "In other words, she had a story to tell but, out of respect for the person she worked for, she didn’t tell it?" King inquires - to which the woman says "That's true."
      And now, it appears we have yet another example of Silicon Valley and CNN bending over backwards to help a Democratic presidential candidate - even if it means tossing a woman's credible allegation of sexual assault in the dumpster.
[  That would actually be "bending over backwards to the Biden campaign's
  digital rape.  As in the numbers, not the finger.  ]
Evidently Google's new Censor Doctor WHO program:
  Jewess Who Runs JewTube Vows to Censor Anything That Contradicts Doctor WHO
  is also a  program.
For the lulz...

@_date: 2020-04-27 14:42:14
@_author: Zigger the N.gger 
@_subject: =?utf-8?B?4oCL4oCLQWlyY3JhZnQgQ2FycmllciBDYXB0YWluIEJyZXR0ICJwb3V0eSBsaXR0bGUgYml0Y2giIENy?= 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 5226 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2020-04-28 10:17:55
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: JewTube's CEO Wojcicki: "anything that would go against World 
[PEACE] and [HEALTH]
The Z.g  will take that as a mathematical complement.
Aye.  We must replace it one day.

@_date: 2020-04-28 20:23:09
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: China discover "key" to Aussie impetuosity: threats and intimidation 
Ahh so!  China discover secret key put Aussie rebel in line: make intimidating economic threat:
    China Threatens Australia Over 'Dangerous' Investigation Into Coronavirus
            China has threatened Australia with an economic hit if it doesn't stop investigating the CCP's handling of the coronavirus, according to Sky News.
                Chinese Ambassador Cheng Jingye told the outlet on Monday that while China's response may not have been "perfect," Australia's inquiry was "dangerous," and could lead to Chinese consumers avoiding Chinese exports and travel.
        .. "The Chinese public is frustrated, dismayed and disappointed with what Australia is doing now," said Cheng. "I think in the long term… if the mood is going from bad to worse, people would think ‘Why should we go to such a country that is not so friendly to China?’ The tourists may have second thoughts."
        "The parents of the students would also think whether this place which they found is not so friendly, even hostile, whether this is the best place to send their kids here," Cheng continued (via the Daily Wire). "It is up to the people to decide. Maybe the ordinary people will say ‘Why should we drink Australian wine? Eat Australian beef?'"
                ..
China is considering no longer buying our beef and wine.  Glad we cleared -that- one up.
["and THAT's a wrap!" -- cheeky but very wry Aussie grin not attached]
You know Australians, not being tough cnuts and all, so lame, like, you know, they just back down from a challenge, give in at first sign of opposition or diplomatic spat - that sort of thing.
If China had not figured out how weak we are, we might have continued with asking for an independent investigation of the origins of this China flu and the many funding and other problems with the Wuhan Health Organisation.
So sad.
In other news, it looks at least -some- Aussie pollys 'ave found their balls - wonder of fucking wonders - better late than never!
    .. Australia's Foreign Minister Marise Payne hit back against the call [opposing] an independent inquiry, saying "Australia has made a principled call for an independent review of the COVID-19 outbreak, an unprecedented global crisis with severe health, economic and social impacts."
    "We reject any suggestion that economic coercion is an appropriate response to a call for such an assessment, when what we need is global co-operation."
Damn straight.
(Agreeing with a politician ... well I'll be.)

@_date: 2020-04-28 20:51:16
@_author: Zig the N.g er 
@_subject: [PEACE] - Islam is Right about women - Re: Sydney =?utf-8?Q?I?= 
=?utf-8?B?4oCZcmU=?= Intolerant
Once again, Islam is right about women ... so many things Islam gets right, especially about women, they're just so, so right.  About women.
   Pakistani Cleric Apologises [to Western social media] Days After Blaming Women's 'Obscenity & Wrongdoings' for Coronavirus
         New Delhi (Sputnik): While becoming a religious preacher might not be considered a viable career option for many aspiring youngsters, the fame of Pakistan’s Tariq Jamil can be judged with the hashtags trending in support of the Islamic preacher after he was widely criticised for his comments linking women with the coronavirus.
      [nice to see some real support for those Right About Women (TM)(NPC)]
      .. On 23 April, Jamil set social media on fire saying on a Pakistani television show that "wrongdoing of women" is the reason Allah has punished the nation with coronavirus.  Prime Minister Imran Khan also appeared on the show.
      The preacher and senior member of the Tablighi Jamaat - Islamic missionary movement - apologised in a series of Twitter posts to those who may have been inadvertently hurt, and said that it was a general remark, which did not target "any specific men, women, persons or gender".
          “My goal was to remind us all to focus on the spiritual and away from our desires and the materialistic. I am the first to admit as I have taught over the years, that there is no excuse for making any hurtful comments about anyone or making anyone feel uncomfortable,” he said on Tuesday.
          Recently I made some comments that I wish to clarify
          My aim was to point out that WE are all to blame for our current state. It was meant to be a general remark not targeting any specific men, women, persons or gender, but as a reminder to get closer to what Allah teaches us.
             — Tariq Jamil ( April 27, 2020
      Not only had he held “immodest women” responsible for coronavirus but he also questioned journalists and members of the civil society, calling media outlets around the world “liars” and saying that organisations “needed to be more truthful”, reported Dawn news.
      [sounds like Islam is also right about CNN :D]
      ...
Uh huh, "apology" as in "a" "pol" "og" "ee" - women should feel -much- better after -that- apology, hint hint, :) :), nudge nudge ;P :Ԁ
Now that's the Z.g's kind of "apology" ;D
Due to this "apology," this cleric gets ... waaait for it .... the Z.g's
   Official N.gger Seal of Approval (TM)(NPC)(MUFFALUCKAS)
Oh yeah - you know you love it :D :D
Did I mention Islam is right about women?
Please, muh little snowflake, talk to the hand.

@_date: 2020-04-29 10:06:43
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Changing the world ;) 
Wicked sense of humour, Georgi :D
You get ... can you  guess? ...
   The Official N.gger Seal Of Approval :D

@_date: 2020-05-01 11:06:49
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Biden wins in 2020! - Yeah baby - Re: welcome your new president to 
The destruction of the Demon-rat-ticks "Democratic" party, is almost complete:
   Top Female Democrats Calling Biden Accuser A Liar
         [juicy female pictures not attached :)]
      .. Abrams rattled off the Biden campaign's bullet points - referring to a New York Times story they say proves the incident "did not happen." The Times, however, said that the Biden camp is lying about their report - and that they did not conclude that the 1993 incident never occurred.
      .. A total of four witnesses have come forward to support Reade's claims that Biden forced himself upon her and penetrated her against her will with his fingers ...
      .. Robyn Swirling - founder of survivor advocate group Works in Progress .. "I would never tell survivors they need to vote for someone that they're uncomfortable voting for, but..."

@_date: 2020-08-02 22:11:11
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM 
Soros now pins US color revolution on Trump
Hi Karl, the link you requested below, was already in the email - just a bit further down if you have another look.

@_date: 2020-08-03 08:52:52
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM 
Soros now pins US color revolution on Trump
Karl, you are requesting I not exaggerate, and suggesting that doing so may be dangerous at times.
Your request is reasonble, certainly in these times. I shall take care to be accurate and to not exaggerate going forward.
We could certainly dispute (argue) your position that White people's lives are not in danger, as that is prima facie false even in this limited context, and of course depending on specific circumstances.
But I don't know that that's particularly useful right now as the majority of the media (and many Whites) get embroiled in "Black" Lives Matter.
Many have been threatened, abused in public, lost their jobs, and kicked out of university, merely for daring to say "It's OK To Be White".
Actual racism can be deadly, to any who are collectively and/or individually targetted, both in principle, and in practice.
You next say that you do not consent to emailing aggressively, which is ironic (which you seem to possibly be aware of) and which I take as a request to not respond to you aggressively in the face of your subsequent "Aggressive text" as you call it.
This is actually a reasonable request if you yourself are finding certain of life to be personally challenging, and it is generally my intention to bring understanding, and other things which might be useful to communication between reasonable people.
I do wish you the best, although this might be difficult to see at times.
Good luck,

@_date: 2020-08-03 11:25:14
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM 
Soros now pins US color revolution on Trump
The shame, oh the  shame , I will wear brown paper bags over my sockety puppety churchy head for a month's penance.
Sheesh, can't a sock puppet cause a little mischief occasionally these days¿?¡!
Wat dis world comin to anyway...
The SHAME already!
Did I mention "shame"?
I'm not even goiyng to sign off any more I feel so shameful … did I mention I feel sha..!$* '|!=...

@_date: 2020-08-03 20:00:56
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Skripals, Austrians, hoaxes and redemptions -- Re: It's an Ill Wind 
Ahh, the wicked web weavers, wantonly weaving wicked Web Weaver Webs of w.ggardly wicked webs o' bull sheeit!
Seems some the brown stuff is finally getting exposed:
   Austria Confirms OPCW Report On Skripal-Faking By The British, Exposes FT Lies & Cover-Up
   John Helmer via Dances With Bears blog,
            … The London newspaper appears to have cropped the published picture so as to hide the barcode. That concealment — proof of the Austrian source – allowed the newspaper reporters to claim the source of the document was unknown, probably Russian, as the headline implied: “Wirecard executive Jan Marsalek touted Russian nerve gas documents.”
      A British military source was reported as claiming “the documents were ‘unlikely’ to have come from OPCW member states in western Europe or the US.”
      ...
So, to our "friendly" MI5 doofuses:  Was whatever the hell it was you were trying to achieve with this ridiculous allegation of "RUSSIAN" spys running around London with nerve poison bottles, really worth it?  Was it worth the obvious embarrassment that you must have had no doubt would be exposed (as it is now, see just above) sooner or later?
And to really slam home British Western dignity, now we have Andrew running around in a bald faced and similarly sad attempt to try sounding like a commoner.
Seriously moronic!
Now yes, family ralations, stiff upper lip and all, doing what you can for your burdened cousin, brother or whatever - yeah we get it, and yes there is some real dignity in that, but sheesh, could you pull this off any worse?
So what's the tab these days on a flood of Westerner's starting to emmigrate to Russia out of sheer embarrassment?
If the UK parliament wants to reclaim some real dignity ---in the eyes of the people---, and whilst they're at it give a genuine lift to their own spiritual standing, AND raise the public profile (and similarly, moral standing) of the British Royals whilst they're at it, the simplest and most obvious "low hanging fruit" is to pass the power of pardon clearly and firmly to the Crown in its own right, at least in the case of international matters, so that said crown may dutifully deliberate on this issues at hand and consider the genuine public interest in relation to the matter of the incarceration of Assange and whether this public interest (and the interest of the press, and free speech etc), outweighs any outstanding political interest in keeping Assange incarcerated.
And the parliament can be seen to uphold actual and genuine democratic values of a balance of powers, honouring the rightful place of duty which the Crown ought carry in ralation to such complex matters as the Assange case, the public's need to see an ethical/moral reality to their parliament and their royals, dignity in international relations, and no doubt other bits of legal goodness your wigs would come up with.
-That's- the kind of win win which could create a strengthening of substance and a lasting relevance to the public's relationship between the various authorities of the Crown, the houses of parliaments, Lords Temporal, and Lords Spiritual etc.
If it ain't real, it ain't real.
Fundamentally if you want substance behind "looking good", there must actually be some actual substance behind that attempt to raise standing - the public might be less than highly edumacated at times, but they tend to smell bullshit a mile away...
... you know, just in case you failed to notice that part...
Remember folks, everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity - some might remember this old saying by some archaic rebel, "do unto others that which you would have them do unto you".  It is particularly easy, in a real sense, to take pot shots at any public figure, and sure, some of them do deserve that, but we do not know what is before any particular individual, what they face personally in their public and private lives.  They are human (except those emotionless reptillians of course) and if they're anything like other humans, they will here and there experience what other humans experience, like a gf shitting in your bed (OK, that's probably pretty rare, but hey... evidently Johnny Depp failed to train THAT particular shrew ... or "failed to train THAT particular, ah, eew!")
Here's praying for a more compassionate world, one which "we the people" can relate to…

@_date: 2020-08-04 05:42:29
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Tracks: Surfer - Another Cypherpunks Oddysey Begins 
Tracks: Surfer, The Catalyst
   2020 FC
   _Another Cypherpunks Oddysey_
   [Scene 1]
   The dream haunted him.  It did every night, chased him usually within one lonely and vicious time track.
   Lately he'd been noticing little things - he still died every night, but the fear was reducing, and the nightmares more often metaphors for reality.
   Wearily rubbing his eyes again, he noticed the sweat transferred to his fingers.  "Again!" he mumbled to his elf, to nobody and to everybody, wondering how many thoughts he had to not finish the formation of, how many he could speak before the watchers would reset the night, as they so often did.  That "childhood fancy" as had so often been dismissed had stood him well - that healthy, if excessive paranoia kept his mind alert, eyes open and "Life, secured!" as the weary joke ran.
   "Such a weak and emotional child" - the distant memory rang out to no one, from everyone, ancient black and white lorenzian swirls danced with the haunting sound track of Ye Olde Dr Who.
   Swinging his legs off the bed, The Catalyst wiped his damp hands on his dry nightshirt, picked up the pen and notepad, began to write the memories:
      A rotten hand reaches over the precipice.  I knew when it touched my arm, that time track would be forever stuck.
      Damn, it got me again!
      ("Such a bloody trope!" he thought to himself, "powerful little fuckers".  Yet those after effects - that knot in his stomach.)
      The next frame returned: he could see his idiotic brother, always bored as a young teenager and looking for mischief, grinning stupidly, but a bit evilly at him; "was that from life, or another time track" he wondered, unsure.
      Through the brush, had to get somewhere, out of here, time was running out, fear catching up, walking a track ("oh wow, that was a track" ... the writing had again caused his subconscious to give up an insight), following somone, he knew he should walk alone, or rather have the strength to walk alone instead of plainly, unthinkingly follow.  ("I'm working on that" he realised.)
      Next, standing on a bridge, a solid cement and stone bridge, the old Knight's Pass, just one of hundreds of course.
      Ghouls looking particularly humanoid and bland, but sufficiently gray as to be "certainly" ghouls, slowly lifted their NPC arms, taking slow step towards me.
      ("So tropish man, this is getting ridiculous!" but it had already happened, his duty to write continued.)
      A great friend was next to him, the voice of friendship, handing him the usual silver rovolver with silver bullets ("YES! The tropes!" :D).
      He knew he could fire the gun, but that premonition extended to the slowness of the bullets (shut UP already) - he shot off one, two, three silver bullets and not only were they slow, they curved!  Cheeky bullets!
      (Ahh, "faith", a long way to go young wanna be knight in training!)
      The closest ghoul was at least a big step closer, and barely a large step away.  He took a step back.
      His "brother in spirit" stayed at his side.
      Bullets were returning now.  Yes, cause and consequence - no matter the tool, action and reaction, thus the need to always surf.
      These did not curve, had a slight yellow tinge, but were only slightly quicker than slow, and oddly seemed to stop right in front of him.
      He double checked the time track;
      Yes, they stopped.  And was just about to assert a complete faith failure for the night.  "Well that's at least mildly edifying" he mumbled in his thoughts.
      Why did it stop?  His hand had risen, a tiny shield, but a shield it was - ahh yes, a shield of faith.
      Hmm, a little disconcerting, more fear.
      Must need more faith (ya think?! "Yes boss!")
      Then there were two, three bullets in return, but they quickly stacked up in one spot, squashing each previous bullet in mid air.  That was handy, the shield was useful.
      Fear finally crept over him and he woke.
   Lorenzian butterfly wings haunted him.  He was compelled, "just wired this way" he thought to himself with a wry grin...
   Just as he began to pray for forgiveness and redemption again, to protect the DUMB warriors liberating the thousands of children, an instruction, a conjunction of real life snippets from the last two weeks, became evident or "presented itself" to his ever umble mind:
      "write"
      "it seems I share these dreams with you for a reason"
      "in faith"
      "it's for a reason"
      "sharing"
      "time track surfing"
   He yawned, donned some warmer layers and shuffled over to the keyboard from the Glory Realms.
   "Better get some work done" he muttered, confirming the ungodly hour of the morning as the screen came to life.
   Time Surfers, eh?  Are we really surfing time tracks?
      "Yes"
   It wasn't even a whisper.  Not even, barely a thought.  A memory, forged on that bridge and from the voice of friendship.
   He shivered again, and not from the chill mid Winter air...
      "In faith"
   He stopped typing, trying to hold back the tears, never properly succeeding as his subconscious drew him deeper into service.  "Just wired this way" he consoled himself.
      "Remember all"
      "all in this together"
      "the game, the consequences, are real, we live with the consequences"
   []

@_date: 2020-08-04 13:15:25
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Trump has the right to debate Biden - or a proxy for Biden - [PEACE] 
Since the Demonrats are wanting to not put their cognitive disaster up on stage to debate Trump, this opens the door to Trump's right to debate a proxy for Biden, an actor who is at least a passing image of Biden.
This is going to be, from a comedic perspective, absolutely EPIC :D
And that is no matter whether the gauntlet of a Biden proxy for Trump to debate is enough to get the Dems to put actual Biden on the stage, or not.
Just can't, just can't .. just can't get e-nou-ough ... life imitating comedy, and doing a better job  .
Here's the Dems admitting that they want to keep Biden away from Trump (may be to avoid any chance of Biden mistaking Trump's wavy golden Toupée):
   Former Clinton Press Secretary Urges Biden "Whatever You Do, Don't Debate Trump"
            Bill Clinton’s former press secretary has urged Joe Biden not to debate President Trump, claiming that “it’s a fool’s errand” because Trump will not ‘follow the rules’.
   And these are BabylonBee.com SATYRE pieces:

@_date: 2020-08-04 19:22:11
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Trump's nominee for Biden comedy actor stand in? -- [PEACE] 
Because demonrats play dirty, the realistically only option is to actually prepare ahead of time - Trump must choose his comedic (actor) stand in of Biden, and presumably prepare some suitable questions to go back and forth between the two of them at the debate, if Ral Biden does not turn up.
And if the Dems relent in the face of this, that's fine, Trump will just have to be totally crushed by Real Joe Biden :D
One wonders if Hillary still "has this urge" to get on stage again against Trump, because you know, it's just so good that someone like Trump is not in charge of the Justice Department.
     Because you'd  be   in     ...
cough cough

@_date: 2020-08-05 11:22:09
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Israel's "Middle East, secured!" campaign continues - [PEACE] 
Our collective condolences to the (yet to be assessed) hundreds of Lebanese who have recently lost their lives.
   'It's Like Hiroshima': Terrifying Seismic Shock From Blast Devastates Beirut
         ... Lebanese Prime Minister says Beirut explosions caused by an estimated 2,750 tons of ammonium nitrate left unsecured for 6 years in a warehouse
There is something remarkably short sighted about the Israelis - they seem to imagine that the following are simultaneously true:
 1) That Americans will believe that "securing the Lebanese-Israeli border" is the USA's  national priority.
 2) That creating such "friendly" relations with __Israel's immediate geographical neighbours__, is somehow a good thing.
Go figure, muh j.gger wh.iggers…
And a message to the Lebanese: it seems you may have missed the memo that EVERYBODY needs to clean up their back yard.  As in "Are you firetrucking serious, you _really_ left 2,750 tons of ammonium nitrate left unsecured for 6 years in a warehouse" ???!!?!
Speaking about off your nut, I guess you decided that leaving such low hanging fruit around was too much effort to do anything about?
  A note to the entire fricken world, since everybody seems to have missed the memo:
   CLEAN UP YOUR BACK YARD ALREADY!!
(2,750 tons of ammonium nitrate, in ONE warehouse, in downtown $MAJOR_CITY??  Please!  This is nothing but negligence of the first order!)
and before you can even say "boo", Trump is running round like an Israeli parliamentarian on crack desperately trying to implicate America in "securing the Israeli-Lebanese relationship":
   Trump Calls Beirut Explosion "A Terrible Attack - A Bomb Of Some Kind" After Briefed By Generals
         .. Trump says military experts tell him Beirut blast a 'bomb of some kind'.
      .. Trump said he had been briefed by “our great generals” and that they “seem to feel” that the explosion was not an accident.
      .. "It was a bomb of some kind, yes" — he emphasized when questioned on it.
How can such statements of "feeling" be useful on almost any view?  Sometimes Trump ought consider that when he speaks WITH HIS GENERALS, perhaps he should ACTUALLY ASK THEM what they think might be worth communicating to the public, BEFORE communicating with the public.  If he really believes that they are "great generals", surely he should seek their advice a little more?  One imagines that the generals may finally have had a wake up call that Trump tends to tweet out the other ear, what comes in the one ear...  better late than never I guess (that the generals realise Trump's nature).
At least both Isreal and Hesbollah seem to be both in agreement _and_ in totally unequivocal denial that this was any sort of "security related incident":
       Israeli military sources tell Israeli 10 News reporter:
       Israel didn't bomb Beirut.
       The explosion did not occur in a Hezbollah weapons depot.
       This was not a security-related event.
                  — Elizabeth Tsurkov ( August 4, 2020
There is certainly no doubt that a few thousand tons of "ammonium nitrate left unsecured for 6 years" may well have experienced degredation in the storage and or electrical cables in the warehouse - on this planet we have these things called rats, and mice, and other critters which sometimes gnaw through electrical cables (and data cables, and some cables which carry both power and data) and cause problems, also vessels (especially metal, but also plastic) can have problems too (sufficiently hungry rats do gnaw right through plastic if they think there's a chance of food on the other side of that plastic).  Also, a piece of degraded metal which falls, may strike other metal and cause a spark.

@_date: 2020-08-06 00:24:29
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: JLP, #OurAnarchist : "Why do blacks need leaders; why can't they 
Jesse Lee Peterson puts the A back into Anarchist :D
Oh yeah, you htow you love it ;)
JLP " to the rescue once again - JLP ain't no pussy _beta_ follower, he an _alpha_ nagger, anarchist!
New pound me too tag: Yeah baby!
JLP interviews Beyonce's father, Mathew Knowles:
   11.42
   JLP: When I was growing up, down in Alabama there, we didn't need 'leaders', as people we had family, we had fathers and mothers and granmothers and grandfathers, and they were our examples growing up;
   Once we became adults, we didn't need _leaders_, why do blacks need leaders, what has happened to them that they can't lead their own lives?
   12.01
   MK: ... Leadership is needed in all aspects … so leadership is certainly required because that's what brings people together; that's the person that gives the direction of .. has empathy for the people that work with them;
   You know, leadership is certainly required - there's leadership in your organisation, there's someone, you didn't do the microphones today, someone else did that.
   13.02
   JLP: ... I'm not their leadel, they wolk for me; but I'd like to know, what happened to the blacks that, even the men act like the women: I understand the woman need a man over her to guide her in the right way to go otherwise she goes outta control,
   but what happened to the black men that they act like women, and they look to somebody to lead them?
It only gets better muh jiggers. Enjoy,
Found here:
   Jesse Lee Peterson Destroyed Beyonce’s Uppity Father

@_date: 2020-08-09 10:08:24
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [MINISTRY] - Twitter: =?utf-8?Q?=E2=80=9Cstate-financed_media_org?= 
=?utf-8?Q?K_or_NPR_in_the_US_for_example=2C_will_not_be_labeled=E2=80=9D?=
RT's George Galloway racks up another feather in his cap as Twitter's new "red scare" "R" for Russian interference campaign gets going and all the (non-US, non-UK etc) media outlets get ...  ... labelled!!!
Twitter Support however does set the record straight:
   When it comes to conversations with government and state-affiliated media accounts on Twitter, we’re helping to make the experience more transparent.
   We'll now use two distinct profile labels for these types of accounts, so you can easily identify them and their Tweets. (1/2) pic.twitter.com/JW67o422MO
   Twitter is serving a great public service on the world by letting us know who is a possible "ebil election interferer", with (((Twitter management))) deeming those bad accounts as bad and de-ranking, removing from your "Twitter front page" etc.
Be afraid, be very afraid … of corporate censorship...
    Twitter labels RT & Sputnik but NOT BBC, NPR & VOA as it launches blitz on state media staff & govt officials

@_date: 2020-08-09 10:10:29
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [MINISTRY] - Twitter: =?utf-8?Q?=E2=80=9Cstate-financed_media?= 
=?utf-8?Q?he_UK_or_NPR_in_the_US_for_example=2C_will_not_be_labeled?=
 =?utf-8?B?4oCd?=
Sorry, left out the actual George Galloway piece:
    George Galloway: I now wear a star on my chest thanks to Twitter’s extraordinary ‘state media’ discrimination

@_date: 2020-08-09 21:26:21
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Israel's "Middle East, secured!" campaign continues - [PEACE] 
Lebanon is one of General Wesley Clark’s notorious 7 countries in 5 years:
   , as Pepe Escobar points out:
   Who Profits from the Beirut Tragedy
      along with a surprisingly identical bomb after effect of a new bomb tested by Israel in Syria in January 2020:
      Israël détruit Beyrouth-Est avec une arme nouvelle
   par Thierry Meyssan
[in French - see escobar's piece for a summaly in English, but see that link for images comparing and showing the high similarity of the blast effects of these two bombs]
Speaking of wicked webs...
Lots more datails in the Escobar's "Who profits" article.

@_date: 2020-12-08 21:33:29
@_author: Zigger the N.gger 
@_subject: Punk-BatSoup-Stasi 2.0 and his strangelove for pentagon jewboys 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 547 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2020-12-10 21:19:05
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Pentagon Jew Oinker, BatShit-Stasi 2.0, wants to AML/KYC 
What the hell you got against Jews?  You keep repeating this as a slur.
You retarded or smth?

@_date: 2020-12-10 23:27:04
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Pentagon Jew Oinker, BatShit-Stasi 2.0, wants to AML/KYC 
Why do you want Jew-lovers to be stomped to death?
Does Soros want to get rid of Israel? That doesnt sound very believable, given Soros is a Jew...
I don't understand that, was Hitler a Jew?
Why do you say I'm a "Nazi-Fag-Moron terrorists"?

@_date: 2020-02-01 19:53:41
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: sexism - feminism - equality - empowerment - penis man - vaginas - 
Saw female reporter's nipple prominence and asked "is it cold in
    Apparently, this is called sexism, not reporting - although I guess I
was asking a question, but implicit in the question was a fact - if
you looked, deep, enough.
Got told I should get some sex-ism training.
      Absolutely frustrating.  your comment is
      inappropriate. We are more than the clothes we wear. If you
      can't understand why your comment is inappropriate I suggest
      getting some training around sexism.
          — Michele Reid ( January 30, 2020
          Sounded possibly kinky so I went along until I discovered that not
only was it about some neo-linguistic cultural marxism, but
absolutely no one had their nipples showing!
Absolutely frustrating!
      Just looking at my bike on the balcony, thinking how much I
      love cycling and bam, yet again something happens to remind me
      that it is a great sport despite the people in it. Spoormakers
      needs to grow up.           — Peter Warne ( January 30, 2020
          "Bam!" alright - there's a reason I love cycling,
        Joyride: New Device Poised to Turn Bicycles Into Sex Machine
    ... but it's more along the lines of "I wonder, does a sex change
actually "work"?"
Our real concern of course is the NSA monitoring - completely
illegally - our teledildonics metadata!
Absolutely frustrating!
    Teledildonics Users 'Sexually Assaulted' by Hackers
    bitchute.com›video/j2jB9IsnP2A/
    "Mr. Roger's NSA & Death of The Sex Symbol" 12/6/19.
Well, at least now that females are equal to males, including
biologically, women are free to talk pub talk as much as the blokes
are too ... right?  I guess that's how the twitterati finally figured
out the real problem with this female reporter - she was wearing,
like, waaay too much, like (did I mention 'like'?):
      ...
      Also, This girl btw was not going around naked ffs
          — Flavia Cappellini ( January 30, 2020
          Glad we cleared -that- argentinian ex-pro-cyclist nipple problem up.
The sad part is that women take it all so seriously, like you're out
in public without a chaperone already, surely that's enough to have a
Or is it "have a laugh, but not when men crack a joke, because
they're more equal than we are it's just not fair" ??
      So, someone is upset that a woman is not wearing a bra, while
      reporting on an event which has 150 men, all of whom are not
      wearing underpants?
          — Girona Cycling ( January 30, 2020
          Listen hunni bunni sweeti pickle pie, it was humorous, and you're
assuming upset?  Experiencing a distinct lack of pickles in ya diet
Nipple up, buttercup :)
Nice to see the sex is finally equal ... except for females who want
privileges to not be commented on, whilst claiming all male
Absolutely frustrating - I'm just so, frustrated "just like a female"
... I guess :D
Remember folks, penis = man, which is an extraordinarily powerful
message - you see, penis power arises from being a man, and inherent
with being a man, is having a penis - just ignore the statistically
insignificant hermaphrodites for a moment:
  No Justice: Penis Man Taken Down by AR-15-Wielding SWAT Team
  (We can guess that expanding his message to be just -slightly- more
 factual (literally, factually inclusive) from "penis man" to "penis,
 man or hermaphrodite" wouldn't have had the same ring.
 +1 for confronting anti-CIS anti-factual bigots I guess...
 At least swat teams also arrest women who get public with vagina
 propaganda ... don't they?
 )
Next up, N.gger Joe beer :D
  Germany Produces Nazi Beer, Jews Do Not Find Humor in This
      ...
    I personally walked into the Jewish Question because the Jews
    were so whiny. You can always rely on Jews to flip out and start
    whining. And this is beneficial to my personal life mission,
    which is to cause people to become upset on the internet.
    They are even more reliable than women. At least one in a million
    times, a woman will manage to walk away from the screen instead
    of gobbling up bait like a hypersonic bait-gobbling machine.
    ...

@_date: 2020-02-03 09:54:05
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Putin: "Big problem - Hillary knows!" - [PEACE] [COMEDY] 
Word "wow", in just now, from Moscow:
  "Wow! Big problem, Hillary has 'urge' - must be Tulsi time
   already !?
  Can Bernie And Tulsi Survive Hillary's "Urge" To Save The DNC?
      ...
      "Great! Thank you  You, the queen of
      warmongers, embodiment of corruption, and personification of
      the rot that has sickened the Democratic Party for so long,
      have finally come out from behind the curtain.
      ...
      It’s now clear that this primary is between you and me. Don’t
      cowardly hide behind your proxies. Join the race directly."
         — Tulsi Gabbard 🌺 ( October 18, 2019
             Gabbard throws down the gauntlet here outing Hillary as the
    mastermind behind the DNC strategy of allowing the current crop
    of future losers to fall all over themselves to alienate as many
    centrist voters as possible.
    This paves the way for Hillary to swoop in on her broom, pointed
    hat in hand, and declare herself the savior of the Democratic
    Party’s chances to defeat Donald Trump next November.
Surely Hillary wouldn't be running on an urge to keep outta jail?
As the number of Hillary Clinton body doubles increases (see photo in
original article for one double - there are at least 3 Hillarys doing
the rounds - I guess since she struggles to remain conscious and not
trip over smooth floors...), Hillary's "urge" grows.
The amount of money being spent for Hillary is truly impressive -
especially the latest alleged 'hat in the ring' from Mini Mike B -
all just to try to keep Bernie at bay and provide a viable pathway
for  Hillary "'Cause You'd Be In Jail" Clinton.
You've heard of Breaking Bad, now have a laugh with Barking Mad, the
true tale of Hillary Clinton's dozens of attempts to avoid legal
service, arrest and jail, her subsequent commitment (she's a very
committed woman) to the Brokensaw Psychiatric Quantannimoh Bae
Facility, and be sure to stay tuned for Season 2 - Hillary's
over a dozen thrilling Quantannimoh Bae escape attempts.
Rumour has it the finalé grants her Quantannimoh laundry privileges,
in no small part due to her animated uncontrolled flailing being put
to effective use to wash the orange man bad linen for her fellow

@_date: 2020-02-04 17:53:33
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Luongo embraces "inner fascist", whitewashes Zuckerberg! - [MINISTRY] 
So Luongo, ever in search of a contrarian headline to bait his clicks
with, again embraces his inner fascist, whitewashing FaceBook's
Zuckerberg, whilst justifying "rando bans - as long as they're 'fair'
  "But, Zuckerberg is a pawn. He’s neither the problem nor the
   solution. Soros is the problem and we have to remember this
   at all times. While being banned from Twitter or Facebook for
   stupid reasons is unfair, so what."
  Peak Facebook, Peak Soros, Or Just Peak Globalism?
  The anti-Soros thesis is reasonably solid, but assisting Zuckerberg's
future USA presidential election campaign (just not in 2020) is
insanity personified.
Luongo's error is evidenced in the following words:
  "Life isn’t fair, but it doesn’t mean we hand an already corrupt,
   incompetent and failing government more power to control the
   content we have access to."
Which are prima facie words which ought, in principle, be supported,
yet in the context Luongo uses them, misses the fundamental abuse of
power in play by the Silicon Valley behemoths - they claim "carrier"
status, then go about banning those with political views "which are
not sanctioned on the platform"; they wants to have their cake and
eat it too - being able to capriciously ban users, accounts, and
those with literally millions of followers, whilst at the same time
being not held accountable for the content on their platforms, and in
the face of their goverment supported monopoly positions.
Luongo claims that FaceBook (et al) are "amoral", which ignores the
extraordinarily partisan bannings and censorship which they conduct.
At least Luongo admits that the "freedom of political debate" on
FaceBook is an illusion:
  "Wall St. is amoral. They aren’t ideologues like Soros. They go
   where the money is. And the money is still in a version of
   Facebook that allows the illusion of political debate."
Fundamentally we must engage meat space, inventing a pathway to
transition the sheeple to actual "free communication" platforms.

@_date: 2020-02-05 11:00:37
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Juan Guaido declared winner of Iowa Caucus 
$ whois telegra.ph
------->> 20200205 at 10:58:04 <<-------
This TLD has no whois server, but you can access the whois database
at That's - cool or something? Brings a smile to this lone neurone.

@_date: 2020-02-05 11:40:59
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Iowa surprise, Hiltasha Clintonov wins 
In a huge surprise at the Iowa DNC caucuses, Hiltasha Clintonov wins.
  Surprise Candidate Hiltasha Clintonov Declared
  Winner Of Iowa Caucuses
      ...
    In an unrelated development, all the other candidates have turned
    up dead.
In other news,
  Bloomberg Purchases First Supporter For $1.7 Billion
    Study: People Tend To Tune Out By The Fifth Threat To Our Democracy
  Per Day

@_date: 2020-02-07 10:10:56
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Reporters - Women and snakes? - Snake Literally Teaches Female 
Chad snake literally tries to stop female Aussie reporter from
What it is with women and snakes?
A female reporter in this instance was sent an incredible, and
unmistakable message as it quite literally wrapped itself around
a deadly Australian snake as the snake tried desperately to stop
it from speaking into the microphone, which the snake valiantly and
repeatedly attacked.
Unsure yet if Australian reporter Sarah Cawte caught the message the
snake diligently tried to send.
Astounding that a snake should have such wisdom about reporters -
female reporters inparticurary!
The truth of the depravity of its public "reporting" shall
undoubtedly be discovered over the coming hours as citizen twitter
sleuths do their work.
Stay tuned.
  Watch Snake Attack Reporter's Microphone

@_date: 2020-02-09 10:37:41
@_author: Z.ppa the Fl.ppa Tr.ppa N.ppa 
@_subject: Roger Waters shut down - Thunderberger climate conference summary - 
In a bit of "who could have predicted this" true news, Roger Waters
gets shut down:
  Roger Waters Gets Shut Down by the Jews! Baseball Ads Canceled!
      This boomer hippie is pure evil.
    Telling the most powerful group of people on earth to stop
    slaughtering primitive brown villagers is pure hatred for the
    color of the – er, pure hatred for the length of the nose!
    How dare this boomer rock n’ roller advocate for human rights in
    Palestine!
          Major League Baseball (MLB) has stopped running promotions of
      Pink Floyd co-founder Roger Waters on its platforms, after
      caving in to pressure from a Jewish group that accused him of
      anti-Semitism.
      In January, Jewish advocacy organization B’nai B’rith
      International began a campaign to protest ads for Waters’ new
      tour, ‘This is Not a Drill’, which appeared on MLB platforms.
      The group claimed that the musician is an “avowed anti-Semite”
      whose views on Israel “far exceed the boundaries of civil
      discourse.”
      ...
      Concerning his own support for BDS, Waters has previously
      stated that the boycott movement “exists at the request of
      Palestine civil society as a whole” and is among the “most
      admirable” displays of resistance in the world.
    I don’t even very much like Palestinians, but he may be correct
    that this is the most admirable display of resistance in the
    world.
    Who else is resisting the Jews?
    ... we can all sleep better knowing that the former frontman of
    Pink Floyd can no longer show advertisements at baseball games.
    This is the struggle for a world free of hatred, where no one is
    ever allowed to question anything Jews do, no matter what.
Only exactly TWO (2) questions here:
  1.  Is it OK to be anti-White?
  2.  Is it OK to be anti-Semitic?
  3.  Is it OK to be Jewish?
In other, only slightly satyrical news, Greta "Whypeople Change The
Climate" Thunderberger has had another climate conference, and single
handedly (with absolutely no support from her father) guilt tripping
all HuWhyPeople on the indisputed fact that y'all upset about Ilhan
  Ilhan Omar Accused Of Appropriating Alabama Culture
  By Marrying Relative
  Actually, Greta is of course teensplainin' that White people are
changing the climate:
  Young Africans Rally to Demand That White People Change
  the Weather in Africa
      ... "I suggested they could take jobs in a bank"
    ... The primary goal of the Greta Thunberg global warming
    movement should be to convince white people that it is their
    fault that Africa is poor, and if they do not do something to
    make it two degrees colder in Africa, they will soon be overrun
    by billions of Africans.
At least pitbulls are doing their bit, snacking on their owners:
  Pitbull Attack Results in Man’s Death – By Crossbow!
      ... Since when do pitbulls ignore delicious young children and
    instead try to devour crusty old Black guys?
Ahh, pitbulls - fighting against clime change, one carbon polluter at
a time :)

@_date: 2020-02-11 08:49:31
@_author: Zip the N.p 
@_subject: CNN: China's massive security state is being used to crack down 
That virus is only in the Chinese version of Windows - I wouldn't
personally be worried, but if you really are, just use Kaspersky..

@_date: 2020-02-11 10:19:33
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: CNN: China's massive security state is being used to crack down 
Bat soup bruh, bat soup!
  Nine Members Of Hong Kong Family Infected With Coronavirus After Sharing Meal
    China Suddenly Has Another Major "Virus" Problem, As Soaring Food Prices Put A Lid On Central Bank Intervention
      ...  Pretty soon the only food that will be affordable in China is bat stew.

@_date: 2020-02-11 10:53:50
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Militia, law, impressment, guns, history 
Nation's Murderous Psychopaths Undecided On Whether They’ll Follow New Gun Laws
      WASHINGTON, D.C.—Democrats such as Beto O’Rourke have proposed a
    number of new gun laws, such as universal background checks, a
    ban on magazines that hold more than ten bullets, and possibly
    even a “mandatory buyback” of some weapons such as AR-15s. While
    these laws are likely to be a headache for law-abiding gun
    owners, the nation’s murderous psychopaths aren’t quite certain
    how the laws will affect them.
    “The background check sounds concerning,” explained deranged
    murderer Steve Mason, known as “Murdering Steve” to his friends.
    “I would definitely fail it since I’m a well-known psychopath.
    But I’ve never actually purchased a gun through a gun-dealer; I
    just steal all my murder weapons. And so far no one has proposed
    a background check on theft, so I think I’m good.”
    Jake Foster, who is planning a shooting spree, expressed similar
    concerns about the ban on “high-capacity” magazines. “Having to
    do a shooting spree and reloading after every tenth shot does
    sound irritating,” said Foster. “Despite the law, I might just
    use a high-capacity magazine anyway. I guess the question is
    whether I’m willing to deal with a possible fine on top of the
    multiple counts of murder.”
    One law murderous psychopaths did seem excited about was the
    AR-15 buyback. “If they offer a lot of money for my AR-15, it
    could be pretty worthwhile,” said nutjob Craig McGee. “Then I can
    use that money to buy more guns just as lethal... but through the
    black market, of course. Gotta avoid those background checks.”

@_date: 2020-02-11 11:49:06
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Next-Gen, Ultra-pixel Video Game Console Announced: Playing Outside 
Next-Gen, Ultra-HD Video Game Console Announced: Playing Outside
      ... Playing Outside has high-definition graphics, unlike anything you've ever seen before, incredible framerates, and high-resolution textures all the way down to the atomic scale, according to a spokesperson.

@_date: 2020-02-12 09:42:44
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: OWN capitalists with this one neat trick -- Re: [MINISTRY] 
It's not Socialism silly, it's -Democratic- Socialism!
  The Bee Explains: Democratic Socialism
    Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity'
    Millennial Wishes There Were Some Historical Examples Of Socialism We Could Study To Have Some Idea How It Might Turn Out
    Millennial Drops Support For Socialism After Learning How Hard It Is To Get Avocado Toast In Venezuela
    Caravan Of Liberal Americans Makes Way Toward Socialist Paradise Of Venezuela

@_date: 2020-02-13 13:21:57
@_author: Zog the W.g 
@_subject: Anglin: "A man of my age should .. not driven by =?utf-8?Q?things?= 
=?utf-8?B?4oCdIg==?= - [PEACE]
A little honest self analysis from everybody's fav Amblin Memer.  Oh, and an analysis of Patrick Hogan while he's at it :D
  Let’s Psychoanalyze Patrick Hogan!
      ...  But even saying “you mad” is a form of analyzing psychological motives. It isn’t “psychoanalysis” because it is obvious.
    ...  An honest psychoanalysis of myself would reveal primarily stunted adolescent traits:
      - I’m romantic, in an adolescent way. I feel that fighting against injustice and oppression is something that should be done because it is the right thing to do, in a way that is mildly sappy and self-indulgent. A man of my age should be a lot more jaded, and not driven by things like “because it’s the right thing to do.”
      - I’m rebellious and self-destructive, as well as outwardly destructive, in an adolescent way. My image of myself is based in some significant part on my willingness to do things that other people wouldn’t dream of doing, and laughing at the consequences. I have a sadistic and destructive sense of humor, and I believe that all suffering ultimately amounts to the universe laughing at you. And because it is only appropriate that a psychoanalysis should contain something sexual: part of the rebelliousness was probably amplified by a need to stand out to women in high school, given that I was relatively short. However, it was there before that (and I wasn’t relatively short until high school). Of course, any form of performative male rebelliousness is (probably primarily) a sexual strategy, and performative rebelliousness is not a trait exclusive to short people. To whatever extent mine is unique, it probably has more to do with the way I reacted to my parents’ divorce (and yes, of course I blame Jews for my parents’ divorce).
      - I’m especially prone to religiosity (see adolescent romanticism and self-destructiveness).
    ... You would find a lot of left-wing people who have a similar psychological profile. Due to lesser intelligence, they believe that they, as rebellious individuals, should be fighting Donald Trump’s fascism and romantic people should be defending the human rights of Somalian refugees.
    And before someone says “OMG you just put your entire psychological profile on the internet!” – it’s all available here, every day, in the text of this site, for anyone who is interested. All I’ve done just now is demonstrate that I’m aware of it.
    So, let’s move on to Patrick Hogan.
    ... Most aspects of this pitiful man are not interesting. He is a normal white guy who in previous times would have been a farmer or a factory worker, but his soul has been crushed by modernity.  He is the epitome of the ideal form of what Jews want us all to be, and that is why he is interesting to me. He is an impotent, fat, weak, spineless coward who believes what he’s supposed to believe, watches what he’s supposed to watch, says what he’s supposed to say, and thinks what he’s supposed to think.
    ...
      - He has never been intimate with a woman and is too much of a coward to fly to Southeast Asia and have sex with hookers. He justifies his fear with white knight bullshit about “exploitation,” even while he has no problem basing his entire sexual psychology around pornography. He has a favorite porn star that he imagines is his girlfriend. He has weird sexual fetishes which may include being a furry.
[ Be sure not to miss the gripping elided parts :D --- nah, go on, demonstrate your superior restraint ability and do NOT read the original :D ]
[ In the very least, the paragraph beginning "There is no one on Earth ..." may find your moment worthwhile :P ]
TDS needs coin, muffas..

@_date: 2020-02-13 14:01:26
@_author: Zoomer the M.ga Bo..er 
@_subject: Coronavirus FLU: It likes to snuff middle-age adults 
Oh come now, Surely you'd prefer to have retarded kids?
Nothun quite like a drooling zombified baby that can barely cry any
more when you need a little sleep, right?

@_date: 2020-02-13 14:50:42
@_author: Zak the Qw.k 
@_subject: Michael Flynn discovers 1st in America: lawyers "betrayed" him 
You simply could not imagine my shawk!  FBI in scorched Earth campaign against Flynn:
  'Nevermind All That FBI Misconduct': Mueller Attack-Dog Asks Court To Ignore Flynn Bid To Toss Case
      ... Except - Flynn attorney Sidney Powell says the FBI excluded crucial information from his '302' form - the original draft of which stated that Flynn was honest with the FBI agents who interviewed him (one of whom was Peter Strzok).
    ... In short - failings by the the same cabal within the FBI that handled the Clinton email investigation, the Trump investigation, and the offshoot investigations (Flynn, Stone, etc.) - don't matter ["should not matter legally"].
FBI/ CIA/ Democ-rats/ etc modus operandi:
 1. Declare a lie to be truth, screech loudly when anybody calls you on it, making sure the volume of the screech is loud enough to drown out all dissent.
 2. Murder those who truly get in your way and/ or just refuse to go away or be jailed on false charges.
 3. Profit ... or something.
In this time of the collapse of the USA empire, there are great opportunities for those in the system to redeem themselves - by whistleblowing, by testifying in truth + facts + righteousness, rather than endlessly pursuing little but political force and arse covering.
This opportunity for redemption remains so long as the turmoil around you and/or within you (personally) is present - once external circumstances genuinely move forward (in any particular case, legal or otherwise), then your personal opportunity for redemption passes - you kick the karmic can down the road for another cycle.
Take Hillary Clinton - she could at least begin a pathway of redemption were she to own her past - those evils done in her name and by her authority, consent and/ or direction.
A few years (or decades) in the clink now?  Nothing compared to the alternative... there ain't no "5 minute confession" which can cleanse years of evil - requires a long term will and intention.
  "Is my sorry arse and/or present job, really worth protecting evil?"
Whoever you are, choose wisely - no is the time.

@_date: 2020-02-13 15:25:55
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [WAR] [PEACE] Rando Syrian town farmers object to US military patrol 
DIS what I's talkin bout muffaduckers, teach dem peasants a muffaduckin lesson yeah!
  Team America - America, F Yeah!
  Soap, the completely (((independant))) US army was just mosying around in Syria, takin dey oil.
Ahh .. I mean -protecting- the oil.
Hmm, no that's right, according to Donald "I promise to bring the troops home" Trump, "we" are literally there literally taking Syrian oil.  Did I mention literally?
It obviously really frustrating, but 'casionly, as you patrol some tiny goat farming town in Syria as you protect, I mean take Syrian oil (it was just -there- already), some dum rando farmer gets annoyed and starts shouting "Why you in Syria?!!" and of course "we" have to protect ourselves against such aggression - we thoroughly taught those pesky rebellious oil thieving goat farmers a lesson - one young boy shot to death, though we only managed to injure his dad/uncle/friend/whoever the hell he was.
Can't have no sand n.ggers stealing our oil now can we?!#  F no!  Team America muffaduckers!!
And just to REALLY send a message to future rebellious oil theives (it's OUR oil!) we bombed that village into the stone age - yeehaw muffaduckers:
  US Jet Caught on Video After Allegedly Pounding Syrian Army Positions in Qamishli
      A conflict between local residents and US troops early on Wednesday in a Syrian village of Khirbet Ammo near the border town of Qamishli saw one child killed and one civilian injured. US troops reportedly opened fire after local residents attempted to protest the passage of a US convoy which had entered an area controlled by Syrian authorities.
    According to the Russian Centre for Syrian Reconciliation, the Russian servicemen prevented further escalation and ensured the exit of the US military convoy in the direction of a US base in Haseke province.
          A military journalist, meanwhile, published footage alleging a US airstrike on Syrian army positions in Qamishli. The video appears to show an F-15E jet belonging to the US Air Force flying over the area. The journalist claimed that this jet dropped a bomb as a warning to the Syrian army. An attack, however, was not captured on video.
    ... There has been no statement issued from the US-led coalition regarding the footage. According to Operation Inherent Resolve spokesman Myles Caggins, the US-led coalition in Syria opened fire on civilians "in self-defense". Caggins said the coalition was investigating the incident.
    ...
You just -know- how "Russian servicemen prevented further escalation" - they put themselves smack bang at the epicentre of need, and dial in air fire on their own position if the opposition (that's "we" unfortunately) don't back down.
Just as well this USA presence in Syria ain't never not got no NUTHIN to do with Israel - people might be askin questions.
  Peasant children exercisin free speech in France?  Declare Blasphemy.
  Syrian farmer peasants ask troubling question?  The M16 muffas :D  F Yeah!
  For every other kind o evil, there's Google.

@_date: 2020-02-13 21:23:01
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: 12 facts to send Trans Extremists into guaranteed apoplexy 
Soap, here are these 12 amazing little facts which are guaranteed to instantly send any Trans Extremist (or closet Trans Extremist) into instant apoplexy - use wisely :)
  1. Sex and gender are not synonyms.
  2. Biological sex is objective and real, while gender is a subjective social construct.
  3. There is no such thing as a distinctly male or female brain.
  4. There are only two sexes because there are only two gametes. One sex (male) is optimized to produce small, mobile gametes. The other sex (female) is optimized to produce large, immobile gametes.
  5. 99.98% of all humans are unambiguously identifiable as male or female at birth.
  6. One can change their appearance, but no one can chemically or surgically change their biological sex.
  7. A tiny percentage of people are born with Disorders of Sexual Development (DSDs, or Intersex conditions.) The vast majority of intersex people are not transgender, and the vast majority of transgender people are not intersex.
  8. Homosexuality and transgenderism are not analogous. Homosexuality is a sexual orientation, but extreme trans ideology is based on the denial of biological sex.
  9. There are as many gender expressions as there are human individuals.
 10. Transwomen (i.e. trans identified males) are not literally female.
 11. Transmen (i.e., trans identified females) are not literally male.
 12. Transgender extremists do not speak for all trans people.
Found here:
  Are You Now, Or Have You Ever Been, A Believer In Biological Sex?
    How the left shares the blame for neo-McCarthyism
    Bruce Lesnick
    Feb 12, 2020
        ...  According to the largest socialist groups in the US – Democratic Socialists of America (DSA), Socialist Alternative and the International Socialist Organization (ISO before it imploded) – accepting or even debating the above assertions cannot be allowed because that would somehow “deny the existence” of trans people.
[Please take careful note of that above sentence Mr.RayRay - accepting, debating, questioning and/or otherwise discussing a(n alleged) fact, does not, and cannot, ever, deny the existence of your people.]
    ...  The left’s abdication on this issue – especially the misdirection of the socialist left – is a gift to the right, as it allows those on the right to pose as the sane ones. The socialist left bears particular responsibility because it presents itself as a collection of thoughtful, considered leaders.
    ...

@_date: 2020-02-15 18:24:50
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Life writes the memes - Netanyahu, multiple partners, teenage girls,  
Life writes the memes as corona bird soup reminds us we're human.
  Netanyahu on Nighttime Strikes Against Syria: ‘Maybe It Was Belgian Air Force’
         Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has dismissed reports that his military launched a missile attack on the Syrian capital, Damascus, saying that perhaps the “Belgian Air Force” was responsible.
     In an interview with Radio Haifa on Friday, Netanyahu said he didn’t know “what happened last night” and that “maybe it was the Belgian Air Force” that launched missiles over Syria.      “I don’t comment on one operation or another,” he added.
     ... The Israeli military launched a similar attack on Damascus last week, prompting Syria to activate its air defenses. In that instance, the Russian military reported that Tel Aviv had endangered a Damascus-bound passenger jet carrying 172 people and was forced to conduct an emergency landing.
  Having 10 or More Lifetime Sexual Partners Linked to Increased Risk of Cancer
    'I’m Going to Moscow': 100-year Old US Veteran Wants to Share Victory Day With Russians
      ... "I realised that I am very lucky that I am here. I was injured twice and here I am - I am 100 years old still able to talk to you," he said. "I want to get this message out to everybody so we don’t have to do this over again and somehow we settle things in a way that we can live together - and that’s important to me."
    ... "I always had good feelings for them [Russians]. Actually, I only met the Russians momentarily… only a few Soviet soldiers came over to our side of the river," he said. "It was just a talking group that came over. I myself personally did not have a contact where I could talk with the people. I was there and actually hoping that they would ask me to translate, but we always had many nationalities in every company, so they had other people that were qualified."
    "It [the meeting on the Elbe River] was very important because we had to take over and try to help each other because so much stuff was destroyed, so many people were lost and they needed help for each other and so for a while there was cooperation and what not," the veteran pointed out.
    "Later on, things changed, but that’s politics. We can’t do politics, I don’t do politics," he said.
    ... "I take history as it really happened. I don’t try to change history. Whatever happened, happened. And I will not change it. I will give the story as I know it but the politicians do something else," the veteran pointed out. "You know, politicians - they say words good to say that day."
And from the Battle of the Sexes is Finally Over dept:
  Teenage Girls are More Likely to Use Violence, and Harass Their Partners, Than Boys, Study Finds
        ... Perhaps surprisingly, the study also noted that boys (32.3%) appear to be experiencing this type of abuse more often than girls (23.6%). Across all variations, boys were more likely to have experienced a form of digital dating abuse. In fact, boys were also more likely to have experienced physical aggression from their partner. Besides these gender fluctuations, researchers didn’t find any significant demographic differences regarding rate of digital abuse among varying races, ages, or sexual orientations.
    ...
[Boys tend to be romantic sops soaking up all the "females are delicate flowers" propaganda, using many tricks from the book to deny the reality in front of their faces. Wake up buttercup - at least, if you want a good and functional relationship...]
And from the cold hard gold digging dept, Weinstein's defence nails it:
    The prosecution’s task has been complicated because the women he’s charged with assaulting didn’t abandon Weinstein after the alleged encounters.
    In her closing argument Thursday, Weinstein lawyer Donna Rotunno accused prosecutors of creating an alternate universe that “strips adult women of common sense, autonomy, and responsibility.”
    “In this script the powerful man is the villain and he’s so unattractive and large, that no woman would ever want to sleep with him voluntarily. Regret does not exist in this world, only regret renamed as rape.” Rotunno said in remarks that went on for more than 4½ hours.
  Closing Remarks Given at Weinstein Rape Hoax Trial
        ... This case is so clear cut, that it is damning to our society that it ever went to trial. If he actually gets convicted, then you might as well just all cut your dicks off now, because any man who has sex with a woman will be effectively guilty of rape, years later, under whatever circumstances.

@_date: 2020-02-15 19:45:27
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Hilter as viewed by much of the 3rd world today 
[Today,] Hitler Is Loved as a Hero Across Much of 3rd World - India, Pakistan, Egypt, Indonesia, Turkey, Philippines, Middle East

@_date: 2020-02-16 11:12:59
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: The Weight (Take a load off) - song around the world - chillax, 
Anuddah song around the world.
The Weight (Take A Load Off Annie)
Featuring Robbie Robertson and Ringo Starr
Playing for Change - Song Around The World
[careful with "default max" youtube-dl settings - there's a ~600MiB 4K version hiding amongst these leaves :)]

@_date: 2020-02-16 12:14:56
@_author: Z.g the N.g 
@_subject: The Z.g disavows TheDailyStormer - Anglin proposes child with 
This is NOT funny - our favourite Huwaite Neon Nationalist is offering for a love child with Sultana Ilhan Omaha!
The outrage does not stop in 2020!
  BDS - Boycott Daily Stormer!
  No more Anglin love children with Somalians!
Literally literal:
      ... WHY ILHAN?
    You’re too good for such an out of shape Jewlike nerd, my queen.
    I’ve told Ilhan to hit me up.
    If we have a child, he will have the rapier wit of a Nazi and the brutal savagery of a ruthless Somalian pirate.
    ...
Do NOT read this article - it signals the literal end of TDS, lads!
Oceans of tears are being shed around the world right now...

@_date: 2020-02-18 16:23:30
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Literal cultural differences: St. Louis: 17-Year-Old Boy Impregnates 
There are little cultural differences which the one world order must normalize in order to rule us all.
Like the age of consent in France and Mexico being a few years earlier than in the USA and Australia.
And so with kids being kids, and an 11 year old Mexican girl giving birth in a bathtup to a baby from her 17 year old cousin, what do you up with in America?
Multiple arrests, thousands of dollars of cash bail, criminal charges including statutory rape, and lifetime sex predator registry registration.
America, teaching "true morals" to all infidels in the world - absolutely nothing to do with the colonialism impulse of an empire!
  St. Louis: 17-Year-Old Boy Impregnates 11-Year-Old Cousin, Family Surprised When Baby Shows Up in Bathtub

@_date: 2020-02-18 17:12:55
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Literal cultural differences: St. Louis: 17-Year-Old Boy 
Bathtub
"Promotion" ?  I guess it could be read that way ... but unexpected at this end though..

@_date: 2020-02-20 11:43:41
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Moar Woar Poarn - Fw: Raqqa drift! Oh yeah :D 
Gets a little crazy on the roads o' Raqqa, muh stucco muffas :)
How it truly went down:
  US0: "These fuckin' Syrians put a fuckin' country round our oil field - how DARE they!"
  US1: "Yeah, fuckin' sand niggers!"
  [Russkie's literally start to approach on highway, from behind.]
  RU0: "Ho, boys! Amerikanski oil "protectors" ahead. What do we?"
  RU1: "Ohoh! Drift this Tigr, baby - We's Baaaack!!"
  [serious literal military vehicle fast and furious ensues - see links below]
  [Russkies take first hummer, start hunting down second...]
  US0: "Muthufuckas! We got Russkies, lads, hang on tight!"
  [US2-4 happy they remembered "low frequency protection unit" adult diapers this morning.]
  RU0: "YEEEEE HAAAAAAW FIRETRUCKERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRS!!!!"
  US1: [death gripping handle bar] "Oahhhh shiiiiit - why you driving offroaoad, buddy?!
  US0: "Don't be a fuckin nigger! I think she'll make it - roadside don't look too fuckin rough."
  RU1: [grinning madly out side window at US hummer boys]
       "Baby, yeah! Lose you we will!"
       [to Ru0:] "SHIT! Watch locals, brutha!"
  [Russians narrowly miss a local who jumps out of the way]
  RU0: "May be lose them, but anuddah Oil thief pass we must!"
  RU1: "NO breaks, brutha! Do your copyright 'Boris Oil Thief Wedgy' manouver! Baby, yeah!"
  RU0: "Got it, brutha!" [hits accelerator hard, wedges all 3 vehicles as they come to screaming halt]
  [poetic license, not quite what actually happened, but part of upcoming movie script]
  US0: "HEY MUTHAFUCKAS WHAT THE FUCKIN FUCK ARE YA DOING!"
  US1: "FUUUUUUUUUUUUCK - Fucking PAPERWORK! FUCK YOU RUSSKIE!!"
  RU0: [cracks a 4L vodka bottle] "Here, drink have you, brutha!"
  RU1: [with huge cat eatin grin] "Awww, done cry little oil thief! Vodka take your paperwork away - HA HA HAAAA!"
  US0+1: "FUCK!!!"
[See second 'tube below for Syrian villagers warmly welcoming American "democracy bringers" - with multiple gun shots :D]

@_date: 2020-02-20 12:50:31
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [MINISTRY] USA oligarchs go "subtle": WaPo: "It's time to give the 
This is one of those moments you try to think of a snarky opener, a hard hitting principle, and/or a short line punch, and the realisation hits that this is an own goal the likes of which is so hard to comprehend, there's nothing one can add:
  It's time to give the elites a bigger say in choosing the president
  Washington Post - Opinions
    This is the memes literally being written without having to meme-ify the facts, an own goal from the WaPo that demonstrates how disconnected the USA "elites" are, like "let them eat cake" and "because we have money, we know better and you should hand over 'democracy' (what's left of it) to us".
Amazing times we live in...
  WaPo Claims Elites Should Run Elections; Quietly Edits Article After Public Outrage Ensues
      ... There’s a reason I take screenshots.
    ...
Here's the possibilities with this year's north American election:
  1) Democrats once again steal the nomination from Bernie Sanders one way or another - probably the deal Bloomberg made with party elites, in his intention to hand it over to Hilary, so she can again run against Trump; they'll probably pull out super delegates again, despite promising not to.
     In this scenario, the destruction of the US Democratic party is all but complete, and all bets are off - Tulsi and Bernie could literally start a new Democratic party and probably have more success than most other scenarios.
  2) Somehow, the Dems decide to let the popular candidate (Bernie) actually receive the nomination, and the most hilarious media double talk the world has ever seen, begins, where (((the triple bracketted media))) are ordered to shill for Trump, since no sane oligarch supports 85% tax on hisself nor nationalisation of any of "his" assets (electricity grids, gas networks, etc).
Now -that's- hysterical :D
Sadly, since comedy scenario 2) is so embarrassing to the legacy media, we'll probably see scenario 1) - not that it will change the outcome in November one iota (except for the further destruction of the "Democratic" party) :D

@_date: 2020-02-21 18:50:15
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Fw: horrific murder suicide - Warriors rugby league player Rowan 
Now here's some food for thought.
Just remember, the only thing to think here is that women never do no wrong, and the things they do can never contribute to outcomes like this - it is the men who are (equally) purely and (equitably) only responsible for such situations since men are more equal than women and therefore evil.
Even with presumption of guilt against the man, unjust family "law" courts and presumptive "protection from violence orders", men simply have no right to see their own children if the woman decides - and she can move away, move in with anyone, and rightfully deny her children their right to see their father, irrespective of all court orders and any justice or rights of anyone other than the woman.
This is the most important foundation of democracy - women are irreproachable.
The N.g

@_date: 2020-02-22 23:13:56
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: NoFap won't make you a Nazi -- Re: Are you a man, or a pouty little 
NoFap won't make you a Nazi: Why MSM can't get a grip on internet's anti-masturbation activists
        If you’ve read about the NoFap online community in the mainstream media, you may have gotten the idea that they’re a bunch of science-denying misogynists. In reality, they’re the internet’s Alcoholics Anonymous, but for porn.
     Pornography and sex addiction is becoming a concern for many. Several celebrities have been open about their own sex addictions, such as Kanye West, Terry Crews, Michael Douglas, Tiger Woods, Lamar Odom, Jada Pinkett Smith, and others. Joseph Gordon-Levitt’s 2013 film ‘Don Jon’ tackled the subject as well. It’s something seemingly unique to our digital age, with the ability to access pornography on demand from any device that has an internet connection.
     There are those that deny the addiction exists, ...
     The NoFap subreddit began issuing challenges among its users, then sharing the results as they set newer goals to abstain from pornography and masturbation. Since then, it’s exploded into a subreddit with almost 560,000 members.
     ... Another article by Peter Allen Clark at Mashable makes strong allegations of NoFap being a gateway to right-wing thought, saying it “harkens back to Puritanism and the blind belief in the American Dream.” Given that the article was penned during Mashable’s ‘Masturbation Week’ – described as “celebrating by exploring the many facets of self-love” – the bias against NoFap isn’t exactly surprising.  Beyond that, the article presents a subreddit search of the word ‘women’ as evidence that the board mirrors men’s rights activists. Given that the subreddit sees thousands of users and thousands of threads per month, six search results are hardly conclusive.
     This seems to fly in the face of what the actual content of NoFap appears to be. During my investigation into the community, few links to actual statements within the subreddit were found in media articles. And as I looked at the community itself, I could not find posts that were demeaning to women. If anything, quite the opposite was true, with men wanting to be better people for the women in their lives. The ‘pseudo-science’ belief that abstaining from pornography and masturbation actually gives you superpowers is just a meme within the community. ‘Superpowers’ is used as a shorthand to describe how much better someone feels while abstaining from masturbation. According to the press kit that NoFap’s official site provides, it’s not a religious community nor is it anti-sex or calling for a ban on pornography.
     ... Through my observation of, and research into, NoFap, it seems obvious that its purpose from day one was to be a force for good. It’s made a difference in the lives of both men and women, and the desire to continue to do so doesn’t seem to go anywhere. So for those who do seek to conquer this addiction, NoFap may not roll off the tongue, but it may signal hope for those struggling souls.

@_date: 2020-02-22 23:41:24
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Russia poised to (literally) invade "irresistible prize" Ireland - 
Literally. Invade. Ireland.
Invade Ireland.
I guess it's a prize country in war - potatoes for ya food lines.
  "Bloody Russkies INVADING Ireland!- man the hatches and 20,000 fathoms IMMEDIATELY ya skurvy dogs!"
  [link to Yandex image search for "scurvy russian sailor meme" DEFINITELY not included :D -- ye olde election meddling search engine appears to have replaced "scurvy" with "curvy"]
   Russia isn’t just mapping Ireland’s internet cables – it’s planning to INVADE, foams Cold-War-revivalist DC think tank
           Russia is poised to invade Ireland and seize control of global communications, according to a crew of Cold War relics and professional Russophobes who’ve taken an already absurd James Bond-esque story and doubled down on it.
     Ireland’s status as “a vital telecommunications and logistics hub linking North America and Europe” has made it an irresistible prize to “the Putin regime,” according to a bizarre paper published on Wednesday by the Center for Security Policy, a right-wing think tank. Russia isn’t just lusting after Ireland’s burgeoning crop of tech firms, or its forest of undersea communications cables, the group argues – it’s actively plotting to invade the Emerald Isle.
          Can’t emphasize how ludicrous and insane this is. And it’s all inspired by sensationalist disinformation pushed by British newspaper ‘The Sunday Times’ last weekend. I debunked that bullsh*t story here.               — Bryan MacDonald ( February 20, 2020
      The unhinged plot apparently derives from a story published last weekend in the Irish Times, which warned – citing the usual anonymous sources in the Garda and the military – that Russian spies were observed last year mapping out the precise location of the transatlantic ocean-bed cables that form the backbone of global communications in preparation for “future tapping or even damage.”
      While that gripping saga could be deflated with a quick look at one of Ireland’s own government websites, which posts the exact latitude and longitude of those cables for all to see, it clearly lit a fire under the senescent Cold War hawks at the CSP.
      ...

@_date: 2020-02-23 10:22:34
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Soul cookie -- Fw: Sleepy cat gets a bit crowded by his buddies 
The -most- important thing to remember here is that there is only ONE breed of animal - The Animal - there are no birds (that's birdist) and there are no cats (that's catism).
There are just animals and making any distinction is absolute patriarchal dominance at its worst!
It's 2020 already!
Tube cat direct:

@_date: 2020-02-23 11:57:54
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Radical hydrogen-boron reactor leapfrogs current nuclear fusion 
So may be Sputnik news would do a South American Misfits show - starring Juan the Discontented :D
Though perhaps the magnitude of your perpendicular normal vector from the "main stream" could be slightly too large, even for an election meddling Russian radio show :D

@_date: 2020-02-23 12:53:55
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: on the pain rebuilding US industry - MishTalk snowflake decries lack 
An important virtue today is to demonstrate virtuosity by ceaselessly complaining about the lack of instant gratification, because complaints and whining are the only way that a solid national or community foundation is built.
Some snowflakes, such as Mike Shedlock (is that even a real name? sounds suspicious) of MishTalk, seem to think that rebuilding a national (say, steel) industry the size North America needs, should take no more than a year, two years tops, and a few import tarriffs.
You see, snowflakes can't handle even the smallest sacrifice, shared responsibility, or long term planning - such concepts are anathema to the snowflake who melts to the cryptonite of even the smallest delay to instant gratification.
  Make American Steel Great Again Backfires In Trump Lawsuit
        ... Trump's Tariffs Backfire  Trump had a plan to Make America Steel Great Again.
    ...
Classic, pathetic snowflakery!
  "Oh gee, in 18 months we didn't get (FAILED!) multi grades bulk steel slab industrial production -competition- started just yet, let's immediately give up on rebuilding USA steel industry!"
Carry on, Mish, carry on like the snowflake you are..

@_date: 2020-02-23 16:29:29
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: 1995 Cypherpunks Archive is discovered to have been heavily 
Dang, bruh, yo holdin' out on us for fusion power already?
(We -wuz- kangz, ya know?!)

@_date: 2020-02-23 16:40:52
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Radical hydrogen-boron reactor leapfrogs current nuclear fusion 
And duh new show takes form ,,, you know you love it:
  The Triple 'N's:  N.ggers, Nazis and Anarchists
  Tune in Mondays, 3pm, for all the election meddling you can handle!
Juan's dad phones Juan, mid-show, live: "You talkin' dey RUSSIANS, boy!?  Get cho arse home dis minute, boy!!"
Juan: "Not talkin', papii, I promise now!  Just 'lection meddlin'..."
J.dad: "Oh. Hm. Well. ... Guess dat's ok den, son.  Just 'member now, Jeeesus loves you, son!"
=D :D

@_date: 2020-02-23 16:46:16
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: AI: Hutter Prize for Compressing Human Knowledge =?utf-8?Q?1G?= 
A problem with all such compression algorithms is that the "universe of knowledge" (so to speak) is continually expanding - just as creation-denialists would have us all believe.  But seriously, knowledge does, over time, continue to expand, f.e. the ever increasing ways n.ggers say "sheiiiit" - it's an exponential increase in ways, and the knowledge of these ways is therefore also on an exponential increase trajectory - so 500 GiBs, today, will be lucky to fit into 5,000 GiBs me dats, this time next year!

@_date: 2020-02-23 20:01:40
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Radical hydrogen-boron reactor leapfrogs current nuclear fusion 
I'm not sure how we' s'posed to get this comedy show on the road whilst being so dry - I mean don't get me wrong, the Z.g loves dry humour, but at some point it's so dry there's no humour left.
I'll leave it to yer ma and pa to bring you back to Jeebus hey? Just email your phone # to contact at sputniknews.com and they'll hook up the 'Lection Meddlin' Triple N Show :D
Aww sheiiit .. too much joke repetition already perhaps?
Let's try this again:
Not, so, fast.
Ya must ave missed the memo bruh, there's a shirt tonne o' lection meddlin goin on - even an old song about it "There[s A Whole Lotta Meddlin Goin On"!
Did ya ever see a politician NOT meddling in the election? HA! Didnt think so!
  Ball.
  Outta the park!
Your mission, should you choose to double team it bruh, is to meddle in the US elections by sewing turmoil by shilling for Greta Thunberg being ridden into the desert sunset by Jeremy Clarkson, sorry I mean shill for Jesus, bruh :D -- actually, shill for anarchism.
Can you shill for anarchism and remain an anarchist?

@_date: 2020-02-23 20:34:28
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: on the pain rebuilding US industry - MishTalk snowflake decries 
s/you are/you are sounding like with the words you used in your recent article/
It's far too easy to play the man - gotta remember to play the ball, not the man.  Playing the man is mean and rapidly descends, where playing the ball is what we desperately need.

@_date: 2020-02-23 20:57:53
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: In Surprise Move, Pope Francis Shills For Renewed Connection With God 
In a surprise move today, the beloved [by Juan] Pope Francis made an international call for renewed devotion to God and prayer to Christ.
The Pope has repeatedly ... hey wait, it looks like there's a new sin, literary:
  Pope Francis The Taxman
        On the heels of calling for a Marxist economic conference this coming March (“Economy of Francesco”), Jorge Bergoglio (a.k.a. “Pope Francis”) has once again opined on financial matters.  The purported head of the Catholic Church has now designated “tax cuts” as sinful behavior on a par, apparently, with stealing, lying, and adultery:
        Today’s structures of sin include repeated tax cuts for the richest people, often justified in the name of investment and development.
    Bergoglio did not mention what category of sin advocacy for tax cuts falls under – venial or mortal.     Maybe the details of how such a policy ranks in offending Divine Justice will be hammered out at the upcoming Economy of Francesco Commie confab!
    In Bergoglio’s collectivist mind, those who try and keep their wealth from the ravenous demands of the State are somehow denying the poor their just due:
        Every year hundreds of billions of dollars, which should be paid in taxes to fund health care and education, accumulate in tax haven accounts, thus impeding the possibility of the dignified and sustained development of all social agents.
    ...
Glad we cleared that up.
Ahem ...  in a surprise move today, the beloved [by Juan] Pope Francis made an international declaration that repeated tax cuts for the rich is a sin, either mortal or venal (as yet undetermined - Not Sure (TM)(C)(R)).
This literal papal declaration is considered by many as an indirect declaration of support for Bernie Sanders' presidency run.
Undisclosed sources from the Vatican assured Bernie campaign staffers that Indulgences may be sold until the conclusion of the primaries, with all proceeds going to the Bernie campaign.

@_date: 2020-02-24 01:39:46
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Bernie Sanders is (literally, according to CNN) a Russian asset -- 
Everybody who has a bone to pick with Hillary 'Cause You'd Be In Jail' Clinton, has either "mysteriously" died, or is literally (according to CNN) a Russian asset.
  Clinton Body Count
          ‘Totally sane’: Dems can't make up their minds about who is a supposed 'Russian agent’. Trump? Bernie? Or… both?
    CDC: People With Dirt On Clintons Have 843% Greater Risk Of Suicide
    Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early
  Everybody that is, except the BabylonBee, who have recently come to love Hillary Clinton:
  We Would Like To State For The Record That Hillary Clinton Is An Upstanding Citizen And A Fine Human Being
  (BTW, the life-ending conspiracy theories surrounding Hillary Clinton (totally fake news - she's truly an angel loved by all) are the -real- reason Trump is keeping Assange in Belmarsh max-security jail - it's the only way to protect him from Hillary Rodham Clinton's love for Assange.)
  Hillary Clinton: 'The Only Crime I Ever Committed Was Stealing The Hearts Of The American People'

@_date: 2020-02-25 13:45:27
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: AIPAC: Bernie Sanders "outrageous comment": "I will support the 
Bernie Sanders has never attended an AIPAC conference.
No wonder MSNBC and others are starting to shill for Trump as it "will be better for the Democrats if Trump is elected than if Bernie is elected".
And the triggering of (((the mainstream))) begins :D
  MSNBC's Chris Matthews Suggests 4 More Years Of Trump Better For Dems Than Sanders Winning White House
        As Sen. Bernie Sanders appeared headed for a decisive victory Saturday in the Nevada caucuses, MSNBC host Chris Matthews pondered whether President Donald Trump's re-election might be better for the Democratic establishment than the Vermont senator's multiracial, multigenerational movement taking over the party.     "I'm wondering if Democratic moderates want Bernie Sanders to be President?" said Matthews. "Maybe that's too exciting a question to raise."     MSNBC host Chris Matthews opines on the state of the Democratic primary. (Image: screenshot/MSNBC)
    "Do they want Bernie to take over the Democratic Party in perpetuity? Maybe they'd rather wait 4 years and put in a Democrat that they like," Matthews added.
    ...
  Bernie Tells AIPAC Jews to Shove It!
        ...
      Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) blasted the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) on Sunday in a statement confirming that he would not attend the pro-Israel organization’s annual conference.
      Sanders tweeted that he would not attend the conference due to AIPAC’s connection to “leaders who express bigotry and oppose basic Palestinian rights,” an apparent reference to the current administration of Israel headed by Benjamin Netanyahu, whom Sanders has repeatedly criticized in the past.
      “The Israeli people have the right to live in peace and security. So do the Palestinian people. I remain concerned about the platform AIPAC provides for leaders who express bigotry and oppose basic Palestinian rights. For that reason I will not attend their conference,” he wrote.
      “As president, I will support the rights of both Israelis and Palestinians and do everything possible to bring peace and security to the region,” Sanders continued.
          ...
      Senator Sanders has never attended our conference and that is evident from his outrageous comment.
      Full statement:       — AIPAC ( February 24, 2020
    ...
    Jews might have invented communism.
    But it’s Bernie Sanders who will try it for the first time.

@_date: 2020-02-25 13:55:42
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: List of actual "Auschwitz survivor atrocity accounts" 
For those who missed the memo, the atrocities of Auschwitz/ the Holocaust (colloquially and more correctly referred to as the Holohoax) are many and varied.
According to the Jewdicial system, the mere "account" of a "holocaust survivor", absent any evidence, is sufficiant "evidence" proving the right of the Jews to literally 10s of billions of dollars in reparations.
So the partial list of (actually alleged as true, without a shred of evidence - see Holocaust CODOH site below) actual Holocaust/ Holohoax/ Auschwitz atrocities (which would of course have been atrocities had any of them actually happened), includes but is not limited to:
 - The Wall of Eyes
 - The Stairs of Death
 - Lampshades of Human Skin
 - Bars of Soap from Human Fat
 - Homicidal Masturbation Machines
 - Jews Raised by Wolves
 - Changing the Color of People’s Eyes
 - Forcing People to Climb Trees Then Cutting Down the Trees
 - Jews Forced to Impersonate Roosters Until They Fell Out of Trees
 - Babies Thrown Out of Windows
 - Babies Drowned in Buckets
 - Babies Burned in a Bonfire
 - Shooting Three Babies with One Bullet
 - Jews Killed in a Truck by Speeding Around Corners
 - Jews Machine Gunned and Sold as Meat
 - Rollercoaster Into an Oven
 - Waterslides Into a Gas Chamber
 - Kicking Out a Jew’s Diamond Teeth
 - Killing Jews with Bicycles
 - Dead Jews Used to Fertilize Fields
 - Dog Soup
 - Crucifying Jews
 - Jews Crowd-Surfing in the Cattle Car
 - Throwing Jews Into Cement Mixers
 - Nazi Dog Pushes a Jew Woman Into a Pond
  Shock as Auschwitz Jews Whine About Fake Holocaust Atrocities in Al Pacino Amazon Show
      ... All of that is 100% true, and there are videos of Jews saying ALL OF THAT that you can watch on this website.
        ...

@_date: 2020-02-26 18:01:35
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: TDS: World's #1 Weinstein Supporter - #FreeHarvey 
The Daily Stormer is now the world's  Harvey Weinstein supporter, calling for the ex Hollywood mogul to be freed.
  “A New Day” – Following Weinstein Lynching, Jew Lawyers Hail Coming Mass Rape Hoax Movement
    Andrew Anglin
  Daily Stormer
  February 26, 2020
           As I said on Tuesday, following the conviction of Harvey Weinstein for various rape hoaxes, heterosexual sex is now effectively illegal in America (if you’re a man). The message that has been sent to women is that they can now have any man they’ve ever had sex with in prison on a whim.
    Jew lawyers are celebrating the fact that the Weinstein conviction has redefined rape, redefined consent, redefined evidence and opens up an entire new world of rape hoaxing, as they prepare to bring the hammer down on the goyim.
     :
      New York prosecutors are hailing Harvey Weinstein’s conviction as a pivotal moment that could change the way the legal system views a type of sexual assault case historically considered difficult to prove.
      Most of the women who testified against Weinstein stayed in contact with him — and sometimes had consensual sexual encounters with him — after alleged attacks. None promptly reported his crimes. There was little physical evidence to bolster their stories.
      The jury convicted anyway, finding the producer guilty of raping one woman in 2013 and sexually assaulting another in 2006.
      “This is a new day,” Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. said after the verdict was announced. “Rape is rape whether the survivor reports within an hour, within a year or perhaps never. It’s rape despite the complicated dynamics of power and consent after an assault. It’s rape even if there is no physical evidence.”
    That is to say: it’s rape if she says it’s rape.
    And she can say it is rape for any reason.
    That is now the law.
      While the law recognizes that people can be assaulted by intimate partners in ongoing relationships, those cases have rarely been prosecuted in the past, because they’re difficult to prove, several trial lawyers said. The tide is starting to change, however, as prosecutors take more risks and juries become more aware of the complexities of human behavior.
    Now, they no longer have to be proven.
    Because “believe women.”
      “This case challenges our notions of what is force in a sexual relationship, what is lack of consent in a sexual relationship,” said Paul DerOhannesian, an Albany, New York, defense lawyer, former sex crimes prosecutor and author of a guide to sexual assault trials. He followed the trial coverage and found it telling that one of the first questions from the jury involved the legal definition of “consent” and “forcible compulsion.”
      …
      One of the first witnesses at trial was an expert on victim behavior, who testified that it isn’t unusual for sexual assault victims to continue communicating with their attackers. A decade ago, that type of expert testimony was rarely allowed.
      …
      Criminal defense attorney Richard Kaplan said the New York case could both empower women to come forward and embolden prosecutors to take on tough cases.
      “Now there is a roadmap on how you can win this kind of case,” he said, predicting more people would come forward.
      “There’s always the fear of coming forward, you know, going through a trial, getting beat up and humiliated and then not getting that verdict. Now that they see it can be done, I think more people will come forward and definitely empower the movement.”
    These Jews are just openly saying: “now we’re just going to start prosecuting you all – the floodgates are open, and it’s a free-for-all at this point.”
      Lawyer Carrie Goldberg represents Weinstein accuser Lucia Evans, whose complaint against him was initially part of the indictment, but Vance’s office ultimately dropped her allegations from the case. While Goldberg faults Vance for not sticking with her client, she said the conviction is a “watershed moment” — and a long time coming.
      “I hope that prosecutors, all over this country, and all over the world, look at this case and realize that rape trials can be won,” Goldberg said, “and that these aren’t just ‘he said, she said’ stories, but they’re actually crimes that are winnable and need to be brought.”
    So that’s where we are now.
    This is not me saying that all of the dynamics of rape-hoaxing have change – it is an army of Jew lawyers saying that the dynamics have changed, and that they’re going to do everything in their power to bring a whole new wave of these cases.
    There is going to be an entire new industry formed around it. They are going to set up charities to pay for the lawsuits of rape hoaxers. All of these Jew lawyers are going to take the cases for free. Women are going to be encouraged by organizations, the state, their therapists and church clergy to press charges and have men thrown in prison.
    In my expert advice, you should seriously consider not ever having sex in America ever again.
    We need to organize a strike.
    We men need to get together and simply say that we refuse to participate in this charade. We are human beings.
  Woman Hoaxes Rape After Her Boyfriend Finds Out About Affair
      This is an outrage.
    You’re supposed to believe women.
    But we’re told this woman was lying, so we shouldn’t believe her?
    I only ever heard “believe women.” I never heard “check to see if what she is saying is true or not.”
    The fact that a woman is lying DOES NOT mean that we shouldn’t believe her.
    Navy Times:
            A Virginia woman who accused a sailor of raping her has now admitted the rape never occurred, according to a recent court filing and a U.S. Department of Justice statement. She accused him of the crime in case her “significant other” found out about their affair.
      ...

@_date: 2020-02-27 14:44:57
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Poll [was Re: The Z.g ...] 
You foggot to include the Babylon Bee.  But sadly, this battle is truly lost already (see below).  My income stream has recently come to a screaching halt :,(  So sad!
  Russians Declare Election Too Chaotic For Them To Successfully Interfere
      MOSCOW—The Russians were excited once again for a U.S. presidential election in which they could interfere to sow division and discord, but their excitement soon turned to dismay when they found an election already too chaotic for them to follow.
    “Everyone is ready to tear each other apart in the Democratic primary,” commented Aleksei Teplov, a Russian hacker. “It seems like if we tried to add any more chaos, it would just be a drop in the ocean.”
    Teplov described how anytime they tried to get people to turn against each other, it was always overshadowed by a grassroots campaign to do the same thing. “And then there’s Trump,” Teplov added. “I mean, the guy is already so unpredictable. I feel like I’m trying to smash things with a sledgehammer while a tornado is around me ripping up buildings.”
    Evil leader of Russia and interferer of elections, Vladamir Putin, agreed. “In our wildest ambitions, we never would have tried to get a straight out Communist to win the nomination in a major U.S. party,” Putin said. “I don’t know how we’re supposed to interfere and add to that.” Putin hung his head sadly. “It’s like people don’t even need a Russia anymore.”

@_date: 2020-02-28 12:12:23
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Prose: All I can think of are the #Nazis 
Apropos and very well said!
The more awareness of [flashing] Nazis [gifs], the better..
  "Life's pretty lame-stream without Nazis."
  "For everything else, there's Russians."
  [
   "Billionaire"
   Travie McCoy (feat. Bruno Mars)
         ~17MiB
   with no apologies to Travie McCoy :)
  ]
  "Assange"
  I wanna be a Nazi troll, so fricken bad
  Live all the freedoms I never had.
  Uh, I wanna be in that glass box, like Julian Assange
  Speakin truth to power, ever strong
  Oh every time the sheeple shirk
  Their righteous duty to speak truth, yeah.
  A little part of us all dies, oh I
  I swear the world better not break
  For when I speak the truth.

@_date: 2020-02-28 12:17:47
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Scientists may have accidentally created a new form of matter. 
moronium: hypothesized and thought to be a widely prevalent atomic state of incongruity, moronium has for the first time been detected, rather than inferred by mathematical models

@_date: 2020-02-28 12:44:47
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Joyce Meyer yanks fire alarm to cover mistaken 1 Timothy 2 reference 
Following up the following is "enlightening" (for humorous ^B useful values of the word 'enlightening'):
  Joyce Meyer Pulls Fire Alarm To Distract Audience From 1 Timothy 2
      WICHITA FALLS, TX—In a major faux pas for the female preacher, Joyce Meyer misspoke at a local Bible conference Tuesday, mistakenly telling her audience, “Open your Bibles to First Timothy, Chapter 2,” when she was supposed to say Second Timothy, Chapter 1.
    It took her a matter of seconds to realize her mistake—and the grave trouble she had gotten herself into. Sources at the scene confirm that Meyer then screamed out, “Hey, look at that!” while pointing toward the back of the building. When most of the audience turned around to see what she was pointing at, she reportedly dashed across the stage in an age-defying sprint, leaped over a row of chairs, and forcefully activated the building’s fire alarm, causing the ceiling-mounted sprinklers to unleash a torrent of water on attendees, triggering an immediate evacuation and effectively preventing them from reading Paul’s teachings on female leaders in the church.
    Pressed to explain the incident, Joyce Meyer Ministries issued a statement, which read, in part, “This organization disavows all knowledge of any so-called ‘first letter to Timothy.’ After decades of studying the Bible, Joyce Meyer confirms that the Apostle Paul wrote a second letter to Timothy, and no others.”
Ok, soap, not having read the bible since being a wee pre-teen, a refresher was in order:
  Joyce Meyer ?
      Joyce Meyer (born Pauline Joyce Hutchison; June 4, 1943) is an American Charismatic Christian author and speaker and president of Joyce Meyer Ministries. Joyce and her husband Dave have four grown children, and live outside St. Louis, Missouri. Her ministry is headquartered near the St. Louis suburb of Fenton, Missouri.
    ...
  1 Timothy 2 New International Version (NIV)
      Instructions on Worship
    2 I urge, then, first of all, that petitions, prayers, intercession and thanksgiving be made for all people— 2 for kings and all those in authority, that we may live peaceful and quiet lives in all godliness and holiness. 3 This is good, and pleases God our Savior, 4 who wants all people to be saved and to come to a knowledge of the truth. 5 For there is one God and one mediator between God and mankind, the man Christ Jesus, 6 who gave himself as a ransom for all people. This has now been witnessed to at the proper time. 7 And for this purpose I was appointed a herald and an apostle—I am telling the truth, I am not lying—and a true and faithful teacher of the Gentiles.
    8 Therefore I want the men everywhere to pray, lifting up holy hands without anger or disputing. 9 I also want the women to dress modestly, with decency and propriety, adorning themselves, not with elaborate hairstyles or gold or pearls or expensive clothes, 10 but with good deeds, appropriate for women who profess to worship God.
    11 A woman[a] should learn in quietness and full submission. 12 I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man;[b] she must be quiet. 13 For Adam was formed first, then Eve. 14 And Adam was not the one deceived; it was the woman who was deceived and became a sinner. 15 But women[c] will be saved through childbearing—if they continue in faith, love and holiness with propriety.
Ahah. Enlightenment dawns. Mmhmm.

@_date: 2020-02-29 22:16:48
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Tucker: "That's a real [video] clip by the way." -- Re: USA: 41 
Tucker on the hilarity of the democ-rats - once again, dey memes continue to write themselves.
Nuthin, and I's mean nuh-thin, more to add (did I mention nuthingk?):
  WATCH: Bloomberg Accuses Putin of Backing Bernie, Debate Erupts Into Chaos - Buttigeig: Putin Disrupts Democracy (Great Tucker Carlson Monologue)
    (Transcript in russia-insider link above - but that 'tube man, oh man :D - dis be actually the USA. Just .. wow.)

@_date: 2020-03-01 17:59:20
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Radical hydrogen-boron reactor leapfrogs current nuclear fusion 
Finally found dat song - for all those who just gotta "gibs me dat bits, bruh!":
  Jerry Lee Lewis - Whole Lotta Shakin' Going On (From "Legends of Rock 'n' Roll" DVD)
    ~20MiB
Not bad for 2008, a man born in 1935 (a month before his 78th birthday. Go Jerry - rock on!
This is the official theme music for The Triple N's: N.ggers, Nazis & Anarchists.

@_date: 2020-03-01 18:14:34
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: HK: Coronavirus fallout - toilet paper runs - snatch n grab at 
============================== START ==============================
And from the "one death, bat soup and panic buying, to 'grab your toilet paper at knifepoint'" dept. - understanding human psychology when tshtf:
Gold is the most important thing, so the most important things, like toilet paper, must be wrapped in golden wrapping [pic of actual goden wrapped toilet papers being carried by the dozens outside a store, from article not attached].
And of course, as everybody knows, when tshtf the most important things end up in short supply - so what do you do?  Grab the golden loot at any cost, even knifepoint, that's what you do:
  Coronavirus: Hong Kong police on a roll as third suspect in toilet paper heist flushed out
    Christy Leung  Published: 11:00pm, 18 Feb, 2020
     - Man was picked up during raid at guest house on Sai Yee Street a day after supermarket staff were robbed at knifepoint early on Monday morning
     - Hong Kong has been gripped by panic buying since the coronavirus outbreak, as spooked residents snap up essentials such as rice and tissue paper
    Another man has been arrested in Hong Kong for his role in a bizarre toilet paper heist outside a Mong Kok supermarket, as a gang aimed to clean up during a run of panic buying in the city, sparked by the deadly coronavirus.
    The man, 26, was picked up during a raid at a guest house on Sai Yee Street, not far from the scene of the robbery – in which 600 toilet rolls worth HK$1,640 (US$211) were stolen.
    “We believe the trio thought the rolls would have [market] value and that they could profit by reselling them,” Chief Inspector Chow Ka-man said. “They knew each other and one of them has a triad background.”
    Chow added the gangs moved the toilet rolls in a trolley after the crime and that he believed there would be more arrests.
    At about 6am on Monday, three masked men stole 50 packets of toilet roll from a delivery man outside a Wellcome supermarket in Mong Kok. Police said one of the men was armed with two knives.
    Two people, aged 50 and 55, were arrested on Monday, and the force said at the time they were seeking three others, thought to be aged between 20 and 30.
    Two of the arrested were guest house employees while the third was unemployed.
    Wellcome earlier said its staff were threatened and robbed while they were unloading a delivery from a truck at the store. No one was injured.
    The incident followed weeks of panic buying at supermarkets across the city after online rumours sparked fears of a shortage of essential goods, such as rice and tissue paper, caused by the outbreak of the virus, which originated in mainland China.
    The government repeatedly reassured the public that supplies remain unaffected by the outbreak, yet residents continued to empty grocery stores.
    Hong Kong recorded its 62nd confirmed case of infection on Tuesday evening, and there has been one death.

@_date: 2020-01-02 13:48:42
@_author: Zigger the N.gger 
@_subject: Emma survives  The Hazing - academia - [PEACE] 
I'm not sure what a degree in political science is, but it sounds
better (in this day of inspiring public political debate) than a
degree in liberal arts.
Emma even posts a cheery picture of herself on graduation day, and
clearly articulates a few non-snowflakey facts.
  I've Had Professors Who Educate, And Ones Who Indoctrinate. Here's
  What I Learned From Both...
        ...
    The professors who tried to silence me taught me the importance
    of standing up for myself and for those who are voiceless in the
    face of unreason and unkindness. The professors who challenged my
    beliefs and encouraged me to work on articulating them in order
    to build a stronger argument gave me the tools I need to succeed
    in the decades to come.
    Like me, conservative students who have fought bias throughout
    their education can step into the real world having already faced
    adversity by surviving a campus where about 80 percent of your
    peers and nearly 100 percent of your professors disagree with
    your political views.
    While it is disappointing and disheartening that the once-great
    university system in America is so blatantly biased, and
    discourages differing viewpoints of students, there is hope in
    the strong level-headed and determined conservative students who
    are being shaped by this academic hazing into the future
    conservative leaders of America.
Under the powers that be, whitey is kept fighting whitey.
With the Western neo Roman empire collapsing under it's fiat debt
enslavement reaching "chaos fruition", war is a primary "out" for
whitey against whitey in the great game of competition.
Fortunately for the world, over the last 20 years modern Russia under
Putin has, on a relative shoestring budget, resoundingly eclipsed the
entire West (primarily USA and NATO), with (according to US brass)
"eye watering" capabilities today, from mach 27 (holy shirt batman!)
nuke tipped ICBMS, to mach 10, Mig 31 mounted (and also optionally
nuke tipped) Kinzhals, the "mega tsunami" sub launched nukes, and
plenty more besides, the Russian bear has a relative abundance of
      ...
    Martyanov could not escape addressing the RAND Corporation, whose
    reason to exist is to relentlessly push for more money for the
    Pentagon – blaming Russia for “hybrid war” (an American
    invention)  even as it moans about the U.S.’s incapacity of
    defeating Russia in each and every war game. RAND’s war games
    pitting the U.S. and allies against Russia and China invariably
    ended in a “catastrophe” for the “finest fighting force in the
    world.”
        ...
The bear's claws are a very, very good thing.  This little ole world
we share, owes a collective debt of gratitude to Putin and our slavic
Russkie bros.
The forever bracketted legacy stream media, Federal reserve bank and
corporate oligarchs, would be signing a multi century, perhaps multi
millenia, death warrant for the planet, were they to launch World War
3 - and all just because of a few (hundreds of trillions of) fiats
which have devalued!
In the face of the agreement-incapable dying West, the flailing
dragon of silliness called "fiat debt", and the historically
evidenced nature of humans (WWI and WWII most recently), Russia is
absolutely establishing an international stability which would be
impossible without her:
  Russia’s Top General Warns World War 3 Is Coming in Chilling
  Prediction
  and is right to ongoingly prepare herself:
  Russia's 'Youth Army' Grows Rapidly, Approaches 600K Children
  Nationwide
      ...
    It is not the first time that the local school is engaged in
    Yunarmiya activities. In April this year, the school hosted a
    show organized by the military movement that included assembly
    and dissembling of automatic rifles, sport activities and
    historical lectures on state history.
    ...
    Officially, the age limit for enrollment in the movement is
    11-17. However, also far younger children are involved in
    movement activities.
Why train your children to handle rifles at 11, when you can start
them much younger?
Whitey is kept fighting whitey.
One begins imagining rollercoasters of death, bars of soap,
lampshades and "masturbation to death" machines...
Rather than depression, let's create joyous moments:
  or drink Lambrini and get fingered, Greta Thunberg style:
  In any case, have a laugh:

@_date: 2020-01-02 20:52:57
@_author: Zigger the N.gger 
@_subject: Join with others of like mind/ spirit, or suffer the consequences - 
SHTF time can't be too far away when the UN is directly hiring
"English-speaking DISARMAMENT, DEMOBILIZATION, AND REINTEGRATION
OFFICERS" in down town New York.
"Just a crazy conspiracy" TFBPTP and the legacy stream media say...
   Why Is The UN Hiring English-Speaking Disarmament Officers
   In New York?
          ...
    The United Nations is hiring in New York.
        What positions are they trying to fill?
      English-speaking DISARMAMENT, DEMOBILIZATION, AND REINTEGRATION
      OFFICERS.
    This job was posted the day after Christmas. So for all the folks
    who have been saying “nobody is trying to take your guns” you
    might want to read this job listing and reconsider your opinion.
    ...
Dey's comin fo ya guns, boy!  Might wanna considcer the conditions
for open season to be (not declared but) implicit in the actions of
the UN/ USA/ Federal Reserve Bank - unlikely to be televised - be
prepared, perhaps have your family be somewhere else.
Need a few in dey inside, too.
Good luck,

@_date: 2020-01-02 21:34:25
@_author: Zigger the N.gger 
@_subject: Putin's illusions about the West - [PEACE] 
Thankfully, Putin and by implication Russia, have few illusions about
the nature of the Western cabal.
As Poland attempts to pin the entire beginning of WWII on Russia
(seriously! - alleging the 23 Aug 1939 Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact),
Putin, ever patient as he is the face of the alternative to endless
diplomacy with agreement-incapable Western idiots, reminds the world
(amongst other things) of the 1938 Munich Agreement.
  Putin: “Let them read historical documents so that they can see
  that the Munich Agreement was signed in 1938: the leaders of key
  European countries – France and the United Kingdom – signed an
  agreement with Hitler to divide Czechoslovakia.”
I would add, let them look in the hypocrisy mirror of NATO's
destruction of Yugoslavia.
Da West got some chickens comin home...
  Putin Reminds The West: Those Who Ignore History Are Doomed To
  Repeat It
    PS: Careful with articles or anything from The Strategic Culture
Foundation, they tend towards revisionist neo-"liberal"
Nothing against progressivism per se, but be extraordinarily careful
with throwing out the baby with the bathwater, and avoid cliche
ignorance tropes like ignoring the "constitutional" Federal Reserve
Bank - hint: it's not.

@_date: 2020-01-03 08:04:40
@_author: Zigger the N.gger 
@_subject: [liberationtech] UK academics set to launch =?utf-8?Q?'virus'?= 
time for 2020 election
That could be because he's still using the old list address,
not the new address.
It's unlikely he will fix this, since the legacy address will likely
be supported forever, just in case an old timer posts to the list
after a 3 or 4 decade hiatus.
N.gger's gonna n.g,

@_date: 2020-01-03 10:10:21
@_author: Zigger the N.gger 
@_subject: Emma survives  The Hazing - academia - [PEACE] 
Effectively a followup, UCLA professor admits conservative students
are "harassed, stalked, and threatened."
backed discourse ftfw :)
  UCLA Professor Comes Clean On The Diversity Delusion: "Conservative
  Students Are Harassed, Stalked, & Threatened"
        ...
    “As regular readers know, I’m up for a merit raise at UCLAW
    this year and am now required to submit a statement of how I
    contribute to the University’s goals in Diversity, Equity,
    and Inclusion. I have just emailed the statement to the
    administration."
    Although I am aware and respectful of the many dimensions within
    which a university properly seeks a diverse faculty and student
    body, I have long been particularly concerned with the lack of
    intellectual diversity at the law school. A survey of U.S. law
    professors in general found that white Democratic professors
    (both male and female), Jewish professors, and nonreligious
    professors “account for most (or all) of the overrepresentation
    among racial, gender, religious, and ideological groups in law
    teaching.”[1]
    The groups that “account for most of the underrepresentation
    among racial, gender, religious, and ideological groups in law
    teaching” are Republicans (both male and female), Protestants,
    and Catholics.[2]
    This disparity persists even though “religious and political
    diversity are probably more important for viewpoint diversity
    than gender diversity and roughly as important as racial
    diversity.”[3]
    At UCLA, we know that the campus as a whole leans substantially
    to the left. “A study of various university faculties showed that
    at Cornell the ratio of liberal to conservative faculty members
    was 166 to 6, at Stanford it was 151 to 17, at UCLA it was 141 to
    9, and at the University of Colorado it was 116 to 5.”[4]
    Conservative students at UCLA have been “harassed, stalked, and
    threatened.”[5]
    ...
    I'll let you know if I get the raise.
    [1] James Lindgren, Measuring Diversity: Law Faculties in 1997
    and 2013, 39 Harv. J.L. & Pub. Policy 89, 93 (2016).
    [2] Id.
    [3] Id. at 99.
    [4] Patrick M. Garry, The Next Step in Diversity: Extending the
    Logic Grutter v. Bollinger to Faculty Tenure, 82 Denv. U. L. Rev.
    1, 24 (2004).
    [5] Joe Dryden, Protecting Diverse Thought in the Free
    Marketplace of Ideas: Conservatism and Free Speech in Higher
    Education, 23 Tex. Rev. L. & Pol. 229, 260 (2018) (citing a
    January 18, 2017, Daily Bruin article).
    [6] “Political Contributions by UCLA School of Law Faculty and
    Staff Go 92.67% to Democrats/Liberal Groups,”
    ProfessorBainbridge.com. Accessed December 23,
    2019.

@_date: 2020-01-03 13:21:57
@_author: Zigger the N.gger 
@_subject: trolls - Trolls -- TROLLLLSSSSS!!!!! - "democracy"'s greatest 
Witness: the awesome power of Kek!
  The Great Russian Election-Hacking Myth
        ...
    Are we now to believe James Bond’s deadliest enemy is a troll who
    sits behind a keyboard all day long hoping to dissuade people
    from voting Democrat by posting cartoons augmented by subtle
    propaganda? Apparently so.
    ...
    Scotsman Gary McKinnon hacked into no fewer than 97 US military
    and NASA computers over a thirteen month period in 2001–2002. He
    said he was looking for evidence of UFOs and other fringe
    subjects. His was said to have been the biggest military hack of
    all time.
Gimp on, muffas :D
Caitlin Johnstone ever apropos:
  What Upstanding Citizens Believe Vs. What Crazy Conspiracy
  Theorists Believe
        Crazy, stupid conspiracy theorists believe that powerful people
    sometimes make immoral plans in secret.
    Smart upstanding citizens believe the TV always tells the truth
    and the CIA exists for no reason.
    Crazy, stupid conspiracy theorists believe that extreme
    government secrecy makes it necessary to discuss possible
    theories about what might be going on behind that veil of
    opacity.
    Smart upstanding citizens believe that just because a
    world-dominating government with the most powerful military in
    the history of civilization has no transparency and zero
    accountability to the public, that doesn’t mean you’ve got to get
    all paranoid about it.
    Crazy, stupid conspiracy theorists believe it’s okay to ask
    questions about important events that happen in the world, even
    if their government tells them they shouldn’t.
    Smart upstanding citizens believe everything they need to know
    about reality comes out of Mike Pompeo’s angelic mouth.
    ...
On a lighter note, their day is coming:
  "Their Day Is Coming, I Promise You": Durham Probe To Contain "Very
  Problematic Findings", Meadows Warns
      ...
    "When we look at the investigation that is going on now with Mr.
    Durham, he is finding things that will be very problematic," said
    Meadows - who will not be seeking reelection in 2020.
    "And where they’re problematic is not just in the initial
    investigation, it is after January of 2017 before the president
    is actually sworn into office, they’re still operating on trying
    to take him down when they know they had no case," Meadows added.
    Durham, appointed by Attorney General Bill Bar to examine the
    origins of the Russia investigation, has reportedly been focusing
    on former CIA Director John Brennan's communications in regards
    to the January 2017 Intelligence Community Assessment which
    concluded that Vladimir Putin meddled in the last election to
    help President Trump.
    Barr, who has been directly involved in the investigation,
    reportedly traveled to London over the summer to discuss matters
    with UK intelligence officials - telling NBC that he was there
    "to introduce Durham to the appropriate people and set up a
    channel through which he could work with these countries."
    ...
    R-NC Meadows and Bannon:
    Now, I wonder, why does Hilary "We came, we saw, he died" Clinton,
get a chill down her spine when she looks into Durham's inquisitorial
Nope. No idea. Couldn't possibly have anything to do with years of
evil, illegal, unlawful, unconstitutional actions. Not possible.
  Durham:
    My -eyes-, nigger! Look in, to muh -eyes-!!
    You is face music!
I just love it when dey plan comes togedder :D

@_date: 2020-01-03 22:41:52
@_author: Zigger the N.gger 
@_subject: America is a nation of immigrants 
Prior to 1969 (Australia, but similar for USA), we had the White
Australia policy. We accepted folks of "European heritage".
Ultimately, the Italians, Greeks etc, integrated with Australia -
which makes sense as we have a shared cultural heritage, and for
better or worse, we had a shared "religious cultural umbrella",
Christian nations become wealthy.
Islamic nations become wealthy by relationship with Western nations,
although some Islamic scholars will dispute this.
Certain factions of Islam, in the present era, foster extremist
idiology and behaviour.
Islam may be many things, but many, perhaps most (yes, not all) of
the Muslim people "our" governments have allowed to immigrate, fail
to integrate into our Western "Christian umbrella" nations/ society.
So there are certainly other reasons people immigrate, for example
with the Chinese, to acquire New Land (the title of a Western
Australian 'Chinese' magazine), and to custodian that New Land for
the motherland - China.
And there are many islamists who act under direct religious direction
to "culturally enrich" our nation by ways of various (to us) criminal
actions, but to them is religious imperative, as well as actions such
as breeding themselves into numeric dominance.
Such matters are widely "publicly" discussed by Imams and others on
e.g. YouTube.
We can only be naieve to ignore these other "non Christian" reasons
for which many "immigrate" into the West for.
There are also some who actually do flee civil, or rather mostly CIA
instigated "Western" regime change operations otherwise known as
civil, war.
It is far too easy to accept the forever bracketted legacy stream
media narratives and to project our fundamentally Christian values
(for the average White Western individual, whether he realises this
or not), on --all-- so called "immigrants" allegedly merely "seeking
a better life",
otherwise known as bullshit in many cases.

@_date: 2020-01-03 22:50:14
@_author: Zigger the N.gger 
@_subject: The Aryan stock is bound to triumph! 
Notwithstanding the crimes and stupidity of the past, in the present
we have government mandated "massive immigration" of Muslims from
countries and areas known to foster suicide bombers, disdain for
Western ways (such as Women wearing attractive and minimal, sexually
suggestive clothing in public), and various consequences, for us (in
the West) as a result of all this.
Some cultures are simply not compatible.
Forced miscegenation is, at least for us in Western nations, evidence
of destructive intentions upon the people of the West.
I oppose such destructive intentions.

@_date: 2020-01-04 20:47:19
@_author: Zigga da Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Mega Triggers of the 2010s - [PEACE] 
Trigger warning: "trigger warnings" may be mentioned in this email,
and all trigger warnings, let alone triggers, have been declared, in
and of themselves, triggers:
  The rest of the inglorious list:
  The Most Absurd PC Moments Of The 2010s

@_date: 2020-01-05 14:28:09
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: mail.yandex.com FTFW :D - [LIBERATING] 
Oh no!  My, I mean Zigger's, trigger plot foiled again!  So sad.
Here, have a Russian trollski to lift you sorry arse up:
  Razer j.gger and tr.gger n.pper from Braziquador fight it out,
  Russian style:
    The Zig, waking up to Razer's virtual loving affection:
    Gabbard actually agrees with The Z.gger on Iran:
    The real reason Trump finally got on this latest evil war path:
    Weight Watchers really putting their weight being World War 3:
            Netanyahu "defending" America's murder of Iran's Soleimani:
      and Netanyahu getting chummy with Pompeo couple days before the hit:

@_date: 2020-01-05 17:36:24
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.bba 
@_subject: mail.yandex.com FTFW :D - [LIBERATING] 
Facts are liberating, sobering, and racist, at least in South Africa
- when it comes to maths, just blame on how it's being taught.
Yeah, that'll solve this one :)
  South Africa: (Black) Authorities Concerned That Blacks are
  Dumb as Hell and Can’t Learn Math

@_date: 2020-01-05 17:43:16
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: There is No Point to Beautiful Women 
Truth from Kek..
  There is No Point to Beautiful Women
  Seriously, that headline is just -designed- to not trigger anyone -
I'm sure others could do SO much better...
But if you seek an energetic cleansing, and grounded reasons for
sanity, well, you know you love it :D

@_date: 2020-01-06 14:17:13
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Leaked draft NASA/NOAA US climate change report 
2004 Climate Apocalypse Prediction Bites The Dust
        It seems like climate apocalypses are experiencing a bit of an
    apocalypse…
      Nolte: Department of Defense Predicted Climate Change Would
      Destroy Us by 2020
      by JOHN NOLTE 3 Jan 2020
      Back in 2004, the Department of Defense released a report
      assuring the world Climate Change would destroy all of us by
      the year 2020.
      Well, welcome to the year 2020! And welcome to yet another fake
      doomsday prediction number 42 from our renowned climate
      experts!
      Yep, our so-called “climate experts” are now 0-42 with their
      doomsday predictions, and this latest one is a doozy...
            - Breitbart
      ...
      A secret report, suppressed by US defence chiefs and obtained
      by The Observer, warns that major European cities will be sunk
      beneath rising seas as Britain is plunged into a ‘Siberian’
      climate by 2020. Nuclear conflict, mega-droughts, famine and
      widespread rioting will erupt across the world.
      The document predicts that abrupt climate change could bring
      the planet to the edge of anarchy as countries develop a
      nuclear threat to defend and secure dwindling food, water and
      energy supplies. The threat to global stability vastly eclipses
      that of terrorism, say the few experts privy to its contents.
      And that’s not the worst of it. Get a load of this:
      ‘Disruption and conflict will be endemic features of life,‘
      concludes the Pentagon analysis. ‘Once again, warfare would
      define human life.’
  ...
Well, since the global climate apopalypse tax seems eternally out of
reach, looks like TPTB might just be getting WWIII going this year
instead... Fed needs SOMEthing to distract us whilst the next fiat
reset is claimed/ owned/ put into tax contracts against the rest of

@_date: 2020-01-06 14:29:12
@_author: Zigger da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Oddly silent 
Here's another of those "Look how close they put their country to our
military bases - how DARE they!" maps.
AKA, the real reason Israel, sorry I mean the USA, is eternally
trying to bring on major war against Iran and Syria:
  Iraq Votes To Expel US Troops As Iranian MPs
  Chant "Death To America"
      ...
    Meanwhile, as the Iraqi government voted, the Iranian parliament
    took to the Parliament podium to chant "death to America."
  [Article is short - worth reading.]
Zerohedge again shows their true neocon colours:
  Lindsey Graham Blasts "Loser" Kaepernick's "Racist, Un-American"
  Comments
  Just as well Iran does not realise the Israeli tail wagging the
American dog - that would really be a bad thing for Israel if Iran
acted in response to the true puppet string puller behind the scenes.
Interesting times...

@_date: 2020-01-06 15:01:26
@_author: Zigger da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Oddly silent 
The following is really very sophisticated propaganda spin, but is
loaded with facts - so as long as you read between the lines of
empire propaganda, it's actually very interesting, e.g.:
  The once shining state of Lebanon is practically decimated through
  the rise of his [Soleimani's] Hezbollah, a fate he was replicating
  in Iraq. And then there’s Yemen and his Houthi and their
  simultaneous war against Saudi Arabia and their own people. And of
  course Israel where he kept the Jewish state in a crossfire between
  his clients Hamas, Islamic Jihad and, again Hezbollah (when
  Hezbollah was not busy exporting drugs into the United States).
Ahah! So the CIA and USA MIC drug rat lines were bringing in their
dark money drug wholesale ... from Soleimani (at least in part)!
Abso-firetruckingly amazing!
The admissions that come from the deep state when they want to make
someone they just murdered look bad, is stunning indeed.
The first thought was "it's propaganda, so don't send this to
snowflakes", but there are so many facts in this article, it's
entirely likely to trigger them to high water and back, which is good
for the giggles if nothing else - and what's bad about getting facts
out there?  Dunno on this one ... use discretion I guess.
  Trump Derangement Syndrome Skyrockets Over Soleimani
    For a comedic take on the evils of Soleimani:
  The True Crimes of Qasem Soleimani (Abridged List)
    Iran: Just Like Ari Fleischer and Paul Joseph Watson Said,
  Iranians are Celebrating in the Streets Because of Democracy
   [ this one's quite amazing to see all the photos - tens of
     thousands mourning in the streets for Soleimani - imagine
     the possibility of anything like that in the West ]
    Donald Trump’s Reelection May Hinge on His Ability to
  Fulfill His Campaign Promise to Start a War with Iran
    GREAT NEWS: Israel Stands with the United States
  in Their Terrorist Campaign!
      We’ve got great news.
    The entire world is certainly opposed to Trump’s plan to launch a
    proxy war with Iran in Iraq, but the only country that matters in
    the whole world supports us.
    Always, our greatest ally.
[ remember, Netanyahu cosied up to the USA's Secretary of State, Mike
  Pompeo, just a few days ago (just prior to Soleimani murder):
  Pompeo Thanks Netanyahu for ‘Unwavering’ Commitment
  to Counter Iran Amid Baghdad Embassy Attack
  10:40 02.01.2020
    Pompeo meets Netanyahu in Israel after Turkey visit
   18.10.2019 - 17:04         AFP•April 29, 2018
  Trump asked Bibi Netanyahu if he REALLY wants peace
  in the Middle East
   24 April 2018
     TV: Netanyahu wanted to join Pompeo on Morocco visit,
  but king refused
   6 December 2019, 10:15 pm
     Pompeo: If Bibi Wants a Fascist Government, Fine by Us
   February 25, 2019
     ‘Iran, Iran, Iran’: In twitter rant, Bibi cheers Pompeo's
  ultimatum to Tehran
   22 May, 2018 21:03
     “What Bibi wants, Bibi gets,” writes Pat Buchanan. But war with
  Iran is not what either U.S. national interests or Trump’s
  political interests want or need.
   April 16, 2019
   Just remember folks ... all the talk of how many "brown and black
people and Americans and Israelis" that Soleimani supposedly "killed"
... well at least when it comes to America we must ask: exactly what
the f^ are we doing in the middle east in the first place, making
ourselves targets and swinging our military d! in most of the
world's face?
Oh, that's right, bringing democracy and (((values))).

@_date: 2020-01-06 15:30:04
@_author: Zigger da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Australian fires - snippets and highlights 
Austraya is a land of tough cnuts, where only the fittest and
bronzest survive, and for all yer gory fire porn, look no further
than yer favourite fascist MIC suckers, Zerowedgie:
  "It's Like An Atomic Bomb" - Australia Deploys Military As
  Monstrous Storm Creates It's Own Weather Crisis
    And the devil's own face in the fire:
  Creepy ‘Devil Face’ Snapped Within Australia's Bushfires as
  Authorities Call for Mass Evacuations

@_date: 2020-01-06 19:31:12
@_author: Ziga da Biga Triga N.ga 
@_subject: Oddly silent 
Oh shit!  Iranians not quite as blind as we assumed!:
  Iran Will Destroy ‘Key Israeli Targets’ if US Attacks,
  Former Revolutionary Guards Chief Warns
      ...
      These Media Posts will serve as notification to the United
      States Congress that should Iran strike any U.S. person or
      target, the United States will quickly & fully strike back, &
      perhaps in a disproportionate manner. Such legal notice is
      not required, but is given nevertheless!
          — Donald J. Trump ( January 5, 2020
    ...
      “In response to Trump, who had said that Washington will
      attack Iran if it takes revenge, Rezaei said "be sure that in
      such a case we will completely level [Israel's port city of]
      Haifa and key Israeli targets”, on Sunday.
      He made his remarks during a ceremony in Tehran on Sunday which
      saw mourners commemorate the assassination of Qasem Soleimani,
      head of the IRGC’s elite Quds Force, who died in a US airstrike
      in Baghdad on 3 January.
    ...
Shirt's gettin' real, muh dudes!
Really, given that the Israeli's are apparently so lame they need
direct endorsements from God, perhaps they should work on improving
their marketing department or something?
I dunno, may be work out how to cohabitate across the Middle East
rather than ongoing tit for tat assassinations?
Just a thought...

@_date: 2020-01-07 14:10:56
@_author: Zigger da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Soleimani, another perspective -- was Re: Oddly silent 
Soleimani - another perspective:
  Arch Terrorist or Ally? Three Times Soleimani Saved American Lives
      ...
    Soleimani is 2015 fighting along American soldiers in Iraq to
    kill ISIS fighters.. now killed by Trump on all sorts of
    fabrications. Our foreign policy is psychotic
        ...
    In late 2001, after a group of 19 Saudi, Emirati, Lebanese and
    Egyptian hijackers slammed commercial airliners into the World
    Trade Center and the Pentagon, killing nearly 3,000 Americans, US
    officials quietly met with Iranian diplomats coordinated by
    Soleimani in Geneva. Iran, a long-time enemy of al-Qaeda and its
    leader, Osama bin Laden, agreed to provide the United States with
    valuable intelligence on the terrorist group, including the
    locations of suspected al-Qaeda training camps in Afghanistan.
    Iran was also eager to assist the US in its campaign against the
    Taliban, since the radical fundamentalist movement was known for
    its harsh treatment of Afghanistan’s Shia minority, and had
    attacked and killed 11 Iranian diplomats at the consulate in
    Mazar-i-Sharif in 1998.
    In November 2001, Quds Force special forces and US Army Rangers
    and Delta Force units entered the city of Herat, northwestern
    Afghanistan, igniting an anti-terrorist insurrection led by
    Northern Alliance. The unprecedented operation led to the
    collapse of Taliban control of Herat, and soon the group was
    toppled from power across the rest of Afghanistan. The Quds Force
    was known to have provided material support to Ahmad Shah
    Massoud, leader of the US-allied Northern Alliance, going back to
    at least the mid-1990s. Iranian intelligence services continued
    to provide the US with intelligence until January 2002, when US
    President George W Bush added Iran to his ‘Axis of Evil’ list of
    possible regime change targets during his State of the Union
    address.
    ...
    How did Soleimani’s efforts in the Syrian conflict save American
    lives? For one thing, they helped to tie down tens of thousands
    of radicals from Daesh (ISIS),* al-Qaeda, and a host of other
    terrorist groups which could have otherwise scattered to Western
    countries to conduct Paris or Brussels-style terror attacks.
    Furthermore, they allowed the US to limit its anti-Daesh
    operations in Syria to aerial support and limited on-the-ground
    assistance to Kurdish militias, meaning fewer US service members’
    lives put at risk.
    ...
    Whether against the Taliban and al-Qaeda in Afghanistan, or
    against Daesh and other terrorist groups in Syria and Iraq, Gen.
    Soleimani and the Quds Force have consistently fought the same
    Sunni Islamist Wahhabi fundamentalist forces which have targeted
    US forces across the Middle East and around the world, and which
    have vowed to destroy the West and America through acts of
    terror.
        By approving Soleimani’s assassination, President Trump has
        not only dealt a blow to the forces fighting Daesh and
        al-Qaeda, but put an irreversible end to the informal, often
        begrudging, highly unlikely but hugely successful partnership
        between Iran and the US in the fight against terrorism, and
        that may put American lives at risk.

@_date: 2020-01-07 17:02:00
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: "Hillary Clinton Slams Trump For Not Taking A More 'Hands-Off' 
Trust Hillary:
  Hillary Clinton Slams Trump For Not Taking A More
  'Hands-Off' Approach To Embassy Attack
  January 1st, 2020
      WASHINGTON, D.C—Hillary Clinton has slammed President Trump on
    Twitter for not taking a more "hands-off" approach to the
    protests in Iraq that threatened American lives at the embassy
    there.
    After Trump quickly sent Marines to defend Americans trapped at
    the embassy, Clinton immediately blasted him for taking such
    "rash, uncalled-for" action when he could have just "waited
    around a while to see what happens."
    ...
In other news:
  Democrats Call For Flags To Be Flown At Half-Mast
  To Grieve Death Of Soleimani

@_date: 2020-01-07 17:47:29
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Soleimani's dipl. mission was requested by USA -- Re: Soleimani, 
Escobar, writing for The Saker, drops the following bombshell:
  Maj. Gen. Qasem Soleimani had flown into Baghdad on a normal
  carrier flight, carrying a diplomatic passport. He had been sent by
  Tehran to deliver, in person, a reply to a message from Riyadh on
  de-escalation across the Middle East. Those negotiations had been
  requested by the Trump administration.
  So Baghdad was officially mediating between Tehran and Riyadh, at
  the behest of Trump. And Soleimani was a messenger. Adil
  Abdul-Mahdi was supposed to meet Soleimani at 8:30 am, Baghdad
  time, last Friday. But a few hours before the appointed time,
  Soleimani died as the object of a targeted assassination at Baghdad
  airport.
  Let that sink in – for the annals of 21st century diplomacy. Once
  again: it does not matter whether the assassination order was
  issued by President Trump, the US Deep State or the usual suspects
  – or  when. After all, the Pentagon had Soleimani on its sights for
  a long time, but always refused to go for the final hit, fearing
  devastating consequences.
  Now, the fact is that the United States government – on foreign
  soil, as a guest nation – has assassinated a diplomatic envoy who
  was on an official mission that had been requested by the United
  States government itself.
  Baghdad will formally denounce this behavior to the United Nations.
  However, it would be idle to expect UN outrage about the US killing
  of a diplomatic envoy. International law was dead even before
  2003’s Shock and Awe.
  ...
  Escobar On The Soleimani Psyop & The Financial WMDs

@_date: 2020-01-08 12:17:23
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: CNN outraged at Fake News denialists - was Re: "Hillary Clinton 
Attack" - [PEACE]
CNN thoroughly triggered that the Babylon Bee, and in particular the
rash and offensive second article below, is gettin more hits than CNN
and The New York Times combined on a weekly basis.
CNN is so sad about this.
  CNN Attacks Babylon Bee: Is The Web Only Big Enough For
  One Fake News Site?
      ...
      "To put this in perspective, this is the same number of
      engagements the top NY Times and CNN stories on Facebook
      had over the past week," O'Sullivan wrote.       "A lot of people sharing this 'satirical' story on
      Facebook don't know it is satire."
    ...
I don't know who could possibly have predicted this, but the
Babylon Bee has responded on the double:
  CNN Attacks Babylon Bee: 'The Internet Is Only Big Enough
  For One Fake News Site'
      U.S.—CNN has slammed the world's best satire site, The Babylon
    Bee, after CNN executives realized that "fake news" articles on
    the website were getting at least as much social media traction
    as their own.
    "There ain't room in this internet for the both of us," growled
    one CNN anchor on the air Monday evening. "There simply aren't
    enough people out there for us to fool with our fake news stories
    and The Babylon Bee to fool with their satire. There isn't enough
    clickbait and outrage traffic to go around."
    Reporters at the media outlet also pointed out that their news
    was "much faker" than The Babylon Bee's.     "They're obviously amateurs over there at The Bee," said Brian
    Stelter. "A lot of times, their reporting comes true. If you're
    gonna do fake news, do it right -- 100% fake, guaranteed, 24/7.
    They really should learn from the pros over here at CNN."
    "Stay out of our territory," he growled.

@_date: 2020-01-09 10:32:57
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: front running Sedition - Iran war - Re: how to "front run" 
US"
If a hot war between Iran and Israel/USA gets going,
  Karma's a bitch, yo!
  ya might wanna literally be ahead of the sedition curve:
  If War is to Begin, You’re Going to Want to Not Commit Sedition
      ...
    In wartime, sedition can be a very serious crime.
    Largely, we have not had people in the United States going to
    jail for anti-war protests since the World Wars, but a war with
    Iran will be the biggest war the US has been involved in since
    World War Two, and there is going to be a lot of opposition to
    it, so it is probable that there will be actions done to chill
    speech by making examples of people who protest the war too hard.
    Basically, what you don’t want to do is get in a situation where
    you’re openly supporting Iran over the United States. This would
    include actively celebrating the deaths of American soldiers, and
    might even include saying things like “I hope Iran wins.”
    People who are putting up Iranian flags in their profiles on
    Twitter are probably simply trying to say “I’m against the war,”
    but as soon as this turns into an actual war, such individuals
    will be subject to potential harassment by the state on grounds
    of “sedition.”
    It’s not something that is worth getting done up over, so
    probably err on the side of caution when it comes to dealing with
    these things, and do more blaming of the Jewish aggressors than
    praising of the Iranian victims of this aggression.
    There’s no way to know how serious censorship and prosecution of
    dissent is going to get when the war breaks out, but there’s good
    reason to believe that before leftists/communists and even before
    Moslems themselves, it will be right-wingers getting harassed
    over resistance to the war.
    ...
Soap, vat -can- we say?
  - Gee it's just as well Israel is not alone in their war against
    Iran.
  - If only the Federal Reserve Bank, BIS, WMF, World Bank etc, had
    another M.E. war to keep the US dollar afloat for a few more
    months - so sad.
  - It's just so fortunate that opposing Israeli Middle Eastern wars
    is not legal criminal sedition.
  - Why are we bombing Iran when they've got so much oil - isn't Iran
    next to Hawaii?
  - If only Trump had campaigned on a platform of ending endless wars
    and draining the swamp - so sad!
  - Just as well North America doesn't need another war to prop up
    the US dollar.
  - If only folks opposed more American, I mean Israeli, wars.
Troll on muffaluggerahs :D

@_date: 2020-01-09 11:44:19
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Hitlery hot mic: "Really pathetic performance by Trump, " "not even a 
Hitlery Clinton caught in a hot mic moment last night, lambasts Trump
for a "really pathetic performance" since Trump started "not even a
hot war".
Hillery appeared overly indignant in the face of the de-escalation
with Iran, saying she would have "started a war with Russia at least
in my first year of presidency, and this luke warm effort by Trump at
nearly the end of his first term is pathetic, just pathetic!"
"But there's still a chance for WWIII?" asked an offsider hodling her
up with two arms supporting her shoulders, to which she responded
with a sinister snort, saying "yes, yes my precious, YESSSS!!"
The recording ended abryuptly - apparently the clandestine mobile
phone which was recording most of the incident, froze solid in that
moment and had to be thawed in the sun for over an hour...
RT with the chilling details:
  Shell-shocked pundits come crawling back to Hillary over Trump’s
  Iran belligerence... forgetting she’d have started war sooner

@_date: 2020-01-10 08:12:29
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: The Pinnacle of US Cilvilization 
Google's M.E. Wedding Drone - so smart, it even blows up would be
terrorists. Google's M.E. Wedding Drone got the nickname the Barrack
- short for Barrack "Drone-bama" Obama.

@_date: 2020-01-11 09:40:56
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: FYI Haiku 
Now -that[s- the kind of diversity that's good to see :)

@_date: 2020-01-11 09:44:10
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Assassination Politics AP 
'Cept if you overly vaccinated and therefore brain dead,
which many today are.
Flouridated hypothalamii have similar effect.
Combine for firetrucking moron outcomes.

@_date: 2020-01-11 10:02:28
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Our Russkie Bros (TM)(C)(R) are back - booyah muffas :D - dey got 
So dey Russkie's got, just a little, naval history.
And modern history being created :D
  US Destroyer Issues 'Warning Blasts' After Russian Warship's
  "Aggressive Approach" In Arabian Sea
      Ahh, nice to see  The Russians  averting danger.
Thank you Russia :D

@_date: 2020-01-11 22:46:32
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Our Russkie Bros (TM)(C)(R) are back - booyah muffas :D - dey 
Aww, the Russkie's had no need to be aggressive - 'twas the
Americanos, high seas banditos, who according to the Russian Ministry
of Defence (in the typically flowery language of Russian MoD) say
that the US claim is:
  "not consistent with reality"
and further explain actual facts of US swinging their metaphoricals,
and most importantly their actual ship, into direct line of Russian
navy ship.
Now Russians being Russian, they can let a metaphor slip by here and
there, ya know?
But on a principle, like, I dunno, whether an asserted action is
factual or not, now that right there's a Red line, a Red Russian
line, and when I say Red, I mean
  Red, Red, li-i-ines,
  It's up to U, S, S, A ... I say,
  All we can do, we've done,
  But facts they won't go past our, Red liiiines,
  No! Lies won't go past our metaphors,
  Red, Red, lines.
[Now do NOT keep UB40 jingle in your head!]
   Your proof proves you wrong: VIDEOS of Russian warship’s
   ‘aggressive approach’ actually show US Navy violating maritime law
   – MoD
      Moscow Denies US Claim Russian Ship 'Aggressively Approached' USS
   Farragut in Arabian Sea
   American sailors need to go back to Sail School :(
Why the hell is it that every other day is just one more bloody
embarrassment for the inglorious West?!
Russian captain takes moment to figure out what's happening,
finally realises "Da! Mericanos Drink Sailing again lads :)
40 degrees starboard on the double!"

@_date: 2020-01-14 14:32:40
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Russia breached FBI 
tl;dr on Russian vs Democrat hacking:
  How to spot Russian hacking emails:
  - Russian hacking emails bear the name "Fancy Bear", and will be
    reported by the Jew York Times as being "Russian hackers".
  - Democrat hacking emails bear the names Falko or Douche,
    and have made significant donations to the Democ-rats.
Zerowedgie with the details:
  Here Comes Wikigate 2: NYT Claims Russian Hackers Successfully
  "Breached" Burisma
  Glad we cleared -that- one up :D

@_date: 2020-01-14 14:48:04
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Fertile Huwaite women in massive shortage - solution: 
But of course, an obvious solution to the glaring problem of Western
demographic decline - infiniggimmigration and White genocide, oh
happy days!
  Global Births & Population Of Potential Mothers... Down, Down, Down
    And on the bright side of the white side of history:
less Whities = more gibs per white-ass gritty

@_date: 2020-01-15 07:36:17
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: Oz army rescues Drop Bear -- Fwd: Journalist falls for Australian 
Australian army gets into Drop Bear for some reason.
Heartwarming rescues.
We're going to feed a bear.

@_date: 2020-01-15 09:49:12
@_author: Zigga da Bigga Trigga N.gga 
@_subject: My blog post re: letters supporting Reality Winner's clemency 
"identifying 900 high-value targets"
Of course, high value brown skins are just a google click for
confirmation away.
Followed by some other MIC schmuck making another click to drone,
drone them away.
  Identifying 900 high-value brown skins?
  A Google click.
  Bombing that brown skin wedding to the stone age?
  A $2.5 million, Google-triangulated, "patriot" missle - bombs away!
  For every other form of death, Google Is Your Friend.

@_date: 2020-01-16 13:39:50
@_author: Zig th N.g 
@_subject: "Certain Unflattering Truths" about the scumbag-infested "data 
Great book review! Thanks to teh resident neo-Marxist for posting :)
If only there were a double edged edify/diss ...

@_date: 2020-01-16 15:07:52
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: "Certain Unflattering Truths" about the scumbag-infested "data 
OK, so that was a totally unnecessary low blow. I retract this
slightly mean triviality, it serves no-one and nothing.

@_date: 2020-01-17 09:31:10
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Polly seeks a spankin' - [PEACE] 
What for? you ask?  For ... poking a little fun times at the N.g's
favourite  princess.
Such satyrical comedy calls ... desperately ... for my new patented
suede coated and feather rimmed paddling paddle - it's on offer,
anyway :)
Be ... inspired ... and spank away with some ... internal discussions:
  ... whoopsie, that must be FenceSitter, and Polly would be over here :D
    "If you like what you spank, then spank Polly's Spank button now."

@_date: 2020-01-17 17:40:57
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: OregonLive: Man hijacks Portland airport monitor =?utf-8?Q?to?= 
=?utf-8?B?b3ZlcuKAmQ==?=
They want you to -think- it was a simulator - that's why the Fed's
turned up to arrest, you see...
(PS: O, i c u r top posting FTW! :D )

@_date: 2020-01-17 17:48:39
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: WIRED: Dirty Money and Bad Science at MIT's Media Lab 
You see there's clean money, and then there's dirty money.
MIT took dirty money.
That's 'cause they had time, and suitably old sponges, to clean that
dirty money.
All others were like "meh, too much work to clean, and besides, we're
clean outta 14 year old sponges - we been wiping the smiles off o' so
many conservatives for the last 3 decades, see?  Just keep your dirty
money already!"

@_date: 2020-01-17 18:22:16
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [OBORONA-SPAM] Re: WIRED: Dirty Money and Bad Science at MIT's 
Oh come on!  As long as they don't bomb weddings, we're Cool With That (TM)(C)(R)(MUFFAS), right?

@_date: 2020-01-17 21:57:23
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: CNN share price rockets ... or something - Fake News CNN take down - 
For a Fake News "Russiagate" literal dumpster dive - CNN.
For brutal own goals, fraud, deception and lies - CNN.
And for bombing sand n.gger weddings, there's Google.
  Sean Davis Goes Scorched Earth On CNN After 'Attempted Takedown Of
  Bernie'
      ...
    The Federalist' Sean Davis owns CNN six ways from Sunday:     CNN still refuses to explain why or how  fabricated the
    date on an e-mail to falsely claim  secretly
    coordinated with Wikileaks prior to their document dumps in 2016.
        — Sean Davis ( January 16, 2020
    CNN Cut 540 Words To Frame Trump For 'Favor' He Never Requested
        — Sean Davis ( January 16, 2020
    CNN Still Hasn't Corrected False Story On Comey's Classified
    Memos     — Sean Davis ( January 16, 2020
    CNN Settles Lawsuit After Defaming Pro-Life Covington Catholic
    Student Nick Sandmann     — Sean Davis ( January 16, 2020
    CNN Falsely Claims Merkel Chose G20 Location To Hurt Trump
        — Sean Davis ( January 16, 2020
    Nunes Sues CNN For Defamation Following False Vienna Collusion
    Story     — Sean Davis ( January 16, 2020
    61 Hacks Who Peddled Collusion And Should Never Be Trusted Again
        — Sean Davis ( January 16, 2020
    Report: James Clapper Leaked Dossier Briefing To CNN, Lied About
    It     — Sean Davis ( January 16, 2020
    CNN Journalism Award Winner Exposed As Massive Fraud
        — Sean Davis ( January 16, 2020
    CNN's Favorite Con Artist Indicted For Stealing Stormy Daniels'
    Book Advance     — Sean Davis ( January 16, 2020
    CNN Just Published A Fake Quote From Abraham Lincoln
        — Sean Davis ( January 16, 2020
    CNN Botches Basic Gun Fact, Then Refuses To Correct The Error
        — Sean Davis ( January 16, 2020
    This... is CNN.
    ...

@_date: 2020-01-19 19:13:15
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Moar war porn -- Re: War porn and China Dark Side of the Moon 
Russia's awesome, unmatched Ka-52 chopper struts its stuff - in non
soviet Russia, "if got you it, flaunt you!"
   Alligator in the sky: Russian combat helicopter
   performs insane stunts (VIDEO)
   D d d direct:

@_date: 2020-01-22 10:17:58
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: The Amblin Memer on the Age of Consent - [PEACE] 
The headline sounds rather click batey, but that's par for the course
at our favourite daily memer.
Be sure to
  UK: Another Pakistani Sex Ring Uncovered – Blame the Cops!
      ...
    So if this had happened in Italy, according to the UK government,
    it would have been okay because they have a different age of
    consent, and so if she was there she wouldn’t have been a child
    but a rational actor making informed decisions.
    It’s all just psychological manipulation.
    Any single foreigner coming to Britain and having sex with
    British women is an “exploiter” – he is stealing the most
    important resource of a nation, which is the ability to build
    families, to reproduce.
    Women are the collective property of a nation, whether they are
    over or under the age of 16.
    Furthermore: the concept of “consent” is retarded and not a real
    thing. It’s not quantifiable in any way. You cannot tell if it
    exists or not. So claiming that a girl who willingly does
    something under the age of 16 is not consenting, but once she is
    over the age of 16 she is consenting, is retarded. If girls can’t
    “consent” at the age of 15, they shouldn’t be able to “consent”
    at the age of 16 either. Or 18, for that matter. Or any age.
    What women think or feel about something is absolutely irrelevant
    to society.
    ...

@_date: 2020-01-23 09:42:18
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [PEACE] Proof - the "liberation" of Libya had nothing to with oil - 
before discotheque bombing
Finally, proof that NATO's "liberation" of Libya had nothing to with
oil - what were we even thinking?
  US Informs Haftar: Resume Libya's Blocked Oil Exports "Immediately"
      Days after Benghazi-based General Khalifa Haftar and his rebel
    LNA forces blocked all oil under their control from leaving
    Libyan ports (the LNA currently controls territory which includes
    some 90% of the nation's oil facilities), the United States has
    demanded the immediate resumption of oil exports.
    ...
  Rome Voices Concern Over Suspension of Oil Production in Libya
      ...
    "Italy is deeply concerned about the actions that lead to
    interruption of oil production and the work of oil terminals in
    Libya.
    ...

@_date: 2020-01-23 10:28:43
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Camus: =?utf-8?Q?=E2=80=9CThe_irreversible_colonization_is_demogr?= 
=?utf-8?B?4oCd?= - Re: The Amblin Memer on the Age of Consent - [PEACE]
Free speech is now a crime in France.
  French Intellectual Sentenced To 2 Months Jail After Calling Mass
  Immigration An "Invasion"
        French intellectual Renaud Camus has been given a 2 month
    suspended prison sentence for saying that mass immigration into
    Europe represents an “invasion.”
    Camus will only avoid jail by paying 1800 euros to two
    “anti-racist” organizations, SOS Racisme and the LICRA
    (International League against Racism and Anti-Semitism).
    The writer, who is the author of Le Grand Remplacement (The Great
    Replacement), was charged with “public incitement to hate or
    violence on the basis of origin, ethnicity, nationality, race or
    religion.”
    The conviction stems from a November 2017 speech in
    Colombey-les-deux Eglises to the National Council of European
    Resistance in which Camus declared, “Immigration has become an
    invasion.”
      “The irreversible colonization is demographic colonization,
      by the replacement of the population,” said the author,
      adding,
      “The ethnic substitution, the great replacement, is the
      most important event in the history of our nation since
      it has existed; as with other people, if the story
      continues, it will not be that of France.”
    Camus also called for a “national consensus of resistance” to
    oppose Islamization in “the struggle for the salvation of our
    common civilization, Celtic, Slavic, Germanic, Greek-Latin,
    Judeo-Christian.”
    The part of Camus’ speech that specifically garnered the
    attention of judges was when he talked about European people
    being replaced.
      Camus said mass immigration “is the substitution, the
      tendency to substitute everything with its emulator,
      normalized, standardized, interchangeable: The original with
      its copy, the authentic with its imitation, the true with the
      false, the mothers with surrogate mothers, the culture with
      free time and entertainment.”
    France suffers Islamic terror attacks on such a routine basis
    that it’s barely even an important news story anymore. Many of
    those terrorists are radicalized by mosques that escape any
    police scrutiny, but Camus must be punished for his crime of
    opinion.
    And there you have it. Free speech is now a crime in France.
'Tall makes sense in the face of le previous attachment, which
converted into text looks something like this:
  'Racism' Run Riot
  Prophecy by Rabbi Rabinovitch, published in the U.S. Publication
  'Common Sense' and re-published in the Sptember 1952 issue of the
  Canadian Intelligence Service.
  On 12 January 1952, Rabbi Rabinovitch, speaking to an assembly in
  Budapest, Hungary said:
   "We will openly reveal our identity with the races of Asia and
    Africa.  I can state with assurance that the last generation of
    white children is now being born.  Our control commission will,
    in the interests of peace and wiping out of interacial tensions,
    forbid the whites to mate with whites.
    The white woman must co-habit with members of the dark races, the
    white man with black women.  Thus the white race will disappear,
    for mixing dark with white means the end of the white man, and
    our most dangerous enemy will become only a memory.
    We shall embark upon an era of ten thousand years of peace and
    plenty, the Pax Judaica, and our race (Jews) will rule undisputed
    over the world.
    Our superior intelligence will enable us to retain mastery over a
    world of dark peoples."

@_date: 2020-01-29 22:45:44
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Ann Frank's step-sister admits "none [of the Auschwitz photos] were 
In a desperate attempt to keep the dream alive, anuddah fake arse
jigga literally gone exposed another round of fakery - fake Auschwitz
photos to be precise - all of them ones with any relation to Ann
Welp, j.ggers gonna j.g!
  Fake Liberation Photos: Anne Frank’s Step-Sister Admits
  It was All a Giant Con
          [literal fake Auschwitz "liberation" photo not attached]
    “Make it look real, lads! Act more oppressed.”
    On British television Monday morning, Anne Frank’s step-sister
    admitted it was all a giant con.
    Daily Mail:
        A Holocaust survivor has claimed that photos showing the
        liberation of Auschwitz aren’t real, because none were taken
        at the concentration camp.
        Anne Frank’s step-sister Eva Schloss, 90, who was sent to the
        notorious camp in Nazi-occupied Poland at the age of 15,
        appeared on Good Morning Britain today to discuss the 75th
        anniversary of its liberation.
        Eva was 23-years-old when her mother Fritzi married Otto
        Frank, making her the posthumous stepsister to Anne Frank,
        who had died eight years earlier in the Bergen-Belsen
        concentration camp in 1945.
        She spent eight months at Auschwitz before the camp was
        liberated, and avoided being taken on a death march by the
        Nazis who fled with prisoners to try to cover up their
        crimes, because she and her mother overslept and were left
        behind.
    Wow, getting out of a death march just by oversleeping? The game
    must have been on Easy mode. And “taken on a death march by the
    Nazis to cover up their crimes”? Does that make any sense? Must
    have been like the death march Elie Wiesel went on but somehow
    didn’t die from, the one where he voluntarily preferred to go
    with his evil Nazi oppressors rather than wait for his Soviet
    liberators to show up. (Shortly before going to the nearest big
    town with his camp-mates to find some German girls to rape
        .)
        However, the survivor has alleged that pictures of Soviet Red
        Army liberating the camp are fake, because Russian soldiers
        hadn’t brought cameras, and says there was a heavy snowfall
        at Auschwitz at the time, which isn’t shown in pictures.
        She claimed that the photos, which apparently show the
        liberation, were in fact taken at other camps, but she didn’t
        give an explain her theory further in the interview.
        Like the Frank family, Eva and her family were discovered
        hiding in Amsterdam and Eva was sent to the notorious camp in
        Nazi-occupied Poland at the age of 15
        She said: ‘It wasn’t just Auschwitz , they liberated all the
        camps in Poland and that is really not known.
        ‘Another thing I wanted to point out, there are many pictures
        about the Russians liberating Auschwitz and there’s never any
        snow.
        ‘The snow was honestly that high, I was at the Russian
        embassy once and I said “Something puzzles me, those photos
        are fake”.
        ‘They said, “Well yes, they are not fakes”, but when the army
        came they didn’t have cameras they didn’t take photographs.
    [Recuperation Block photo not attached]
    “Schonungsblock” = Recuperation block. Strange thing at an
    “extermination camp”, no?
        Eva appeared on Good Morning Britain today to discuss the
        75th anniversary of the Auschwitz liberation
        ‘Only much later they took pictures, you see now, but this is
        definitely not in Auschwitz and not the liberation of
        Auschwitz.’
    [chubby cheeked boys and girls "Auschwitz" photo not attached]
    Chubby-cheeked children, looking remarkably well-nourished as
    they are “liberated”
    Here’s the video.
          Notice the host tries to interrupt her when she starts saying the
    photos were fake, but she just continues speaking over him.
    There’s still a lot of nonsense in her account of her experience.
    She complains her mother was selected to be “gassed” by Mengele
    himself (amazing how these people always have personal encounters
    with Mengele).
    But she met her mother later on, still alive and ungassed.
    Somehow the gassing didn’t work. Maybe they ran out of gas. Or
    maybe she overslept that day and the inefficient Germans just let
    her off.
Very oddly, Auschwitz "survivors" are repeatedly calling for
shutdowns on free speech!
"Shut it down" - now who could have predicted this?
  Auschwitz “Survivors” Call for a Shut Down on Free Speech
  January 28, 2020

@_date: 2020-01-30 12:53:46
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Michael Flynn discovers 1st in America: lawyers "betrayed" him 
public prosecution" dept.
Imagine our SHAWK, SHAWK I tell ya!
  Flynn's Defense Files Motion Saying His Former
  Legal Team "Betrayed Him"
      Former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn ... denied that he
    lied to the FBI during the White House meeting with then FBI
    Special Agent Peter Strzok and FBI Special Agent Joe Pientka. The
    meeting was set up by now fired FBI Director James Comey and
    then-Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, who was also fired for lying
    to Inspector General Michael Horowitz’s investigators. Strzok was
    fired by the FBI for his actions during the Russia investigation.
    “... nor do I remember if we discussed the details of a UN vote on
    Israel.”
    ...
    Powell said prosecutors reversed course on their decision to not
    push for jail time for Flynn in early January because she said,
    her client “refused to lie for the prosecution” in the Rafiekian
    case.

@_date: 2020-01-31 09:41:10
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: front running Sedition - Iran war - Re: how to "front run" 
US"
Re sedition, remember also the Bad Quaker Field Manual, which you
should not READ AND SHARE WIDELY (wl;dr, I have't read it, so pot
luck on not READING AND SHARING IT WIDELY)!:
    Sedition essentially already on the books in Virginia, and VA pollys
steamrolling new bills to further criminalize "hate" speech against
  Are Virginia Politicians Really So Fragile They'd Pass A Bill
  Making It Illegal To Criticize Them?
        ...
    Yet another new bill is on the table and this one criminalizes
    criticism of certain government officials. The summary of HB1627,
    proposed by Delegate Jeffrey M. Bourne, reads:
        Threats and harassment of certain officials and property;
        venue. Provides that certain crimes relating to threats and
        harassment may be prosecuted in the City of Richmond if the
        victim is the Governor, Governor-elect, Lieutenant Governor,
        Lieutenant Governor-elect, Attorney General, or Attorney
        General-elect, a member or employee of the General Assembly,
        a justice of the Supreme Court of Virginia, or a judge of the
        Court of Appeals of Virginia. In addition, threats to damage
        property may be prosecuted in the City of Richmond if the
        property is owned by the Commonwealth and located in the
        Capitol District. (source)
    ...
    What constitutes a threat or harassment?
      ... The bar for harassment is already as low as “vulgar
      language” in Virginia’s code 18.2-152.7:1:
      If any person, with the intent to coerce, intimidate, or harass
      any person, shall use a computer or computer network to
      communicate obscene, vulgar, profane, lewd, lascivious, or
      indecent language, or make any suggestion or proposal of an
      obscene nature, or threaten any illegal or immoral act, he
      shall be guilty of a Class 1 misdemeanor.
    ...
'Member, muh gritties, always front-run sedition and hate speech :D
Example tweets to keep you safe and out of the VA gov'na's criminal
sedition cross hairs:
  - Y'all don't MARCH ON THE GOVERNMENT BUILDING 10AM TOMORROW,
    WITH ARMS, AND LEGS now, yo?
  - Do NOT tar and feather the VA gov'na :)
    (Is tarring and feathering illegal or immoral anyway?)
  - Not one of the VA assembly are BLOOD SUCKING J.W WORSHIPPING
    PARASITES!
  - Folks, be sure ya dont JOIN THE VA PROTEST THIS SATURDAY :D
  - Please, NEVER say that "VA pollys are scared firetruckn shirts!"
  - I for one, welcome the VA assembly to be summarily rounded up
    by the citizen's' malitious, and dumped in the gulag - with beer
    for partay, YEAH!
    Seriously now, do not JOIN THE MILITIA TO UPHOLD THE 1ST AND
    2ND AMENDMENTS!
Do NOT keep "pump the jam" or "gettin jiggy wid it" in your head as
you NOT forward train those in desparate need of front running
Naughty, naughty muffas!

@_date: 2020-01-31 10:30:09
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: limp woar porn - US F-35 almost flawless - [PEACE] 
The USA's F-35 jet ^B boondoggle ^B montary feeding trough, is almost
'Cept of course for the over 800 presently known flaws including
critical pilot safety and readiness for combat flaws, and almost as
many new flaws found each year as prior flaws fixed.
But fear not, brave Americanos, they're only safety and combat
problems (and this is the official word) - "if not fixed".
  Pentagon Discovers Hundreds of Deficiencies in F-35 Combat Aircraft
  – Report
          ...
        “Although the program office is working to fix deficiencies,
        new discoveries are still being made, resulting in only a
        minor decrease in the overall number,” the assessment
        reportedly said, adding that there are still “many
        significant‘’ flaws not yet addressed.
    ...
    The list of F-35 weaknesses included serious problems such as
    “unacceptable” accuracy in its 25mm gun, that apparently does
    not shoot straight, unresolved cybersecurity
    “vulnerabilities”, reliability, aircraft availability and
    maintenance systems.

@_date: 2020-07-02 15:15:27
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Hillary's worst nightmare -- Re: Garnier Fructis strikes again - was 
Hillary Clinton's worst nightmare just struck the Earth like a Death Star on meth just hit by one of those "flashing GIFS and they're on the dark web and nobody can find them but they keep reappearing"
- and this time it's not even Putin, it's ...
 ...
... the -entire- Russian population - or at least, ~72% of Russians by referendum voting to allow Putin to run as president until - - 2036 - Yeah Baby, oh I'm -so- falling over you..
So Clinton's last hope for Mark "Dumb Furks" Zuckerberg as president, at least in the "near" future, are dàschun on the rocks-ski :D
Oddly, Clinton only believes in Satan and Durham, and not God ... go figure..  and so she's been rocked to the core by this Russian constitutional changes soon to be law including "inclusion in “a belief in God” named as one of Russia’s traditional values".  Reports are that Clinton's DUMB bunker is rapidly freezing over as we speak.
      Putin emphasized this appeal to "traditional values" in a Tuesday television address, saying “We’re voting for the country that we’re working for and that we want to hand down to our children and grandchildren.”
      He urged Russians to support what he described as a constitution ensuring—
          "stability, security and prosperity."
And Russia got a ~60% turnout at their referendum, in the face of the COVID scare!  Go Russkies ;)
   President For Life? Russian Voters Grant Putin Ability To Rule Until 2036
   In non-Soviet Russia, computer communicate -you-!

@_date: 2020-07-03 17:31:11
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: 1 step forward and 2 steps back... 
Awesome news!!
Every time I read that line, Leonard Bernstein's West Side Story number "America" pops into my head - along with a florrid flaunty flurry of skanty leggy dancers strutting dey many curves ...  (how does one render the glottoral roll in ASCII? :D)
Kudos!  Great position to take in an Empire of Chaos ;D
BTW, wilcommén bàkken, monsèurẽ :)
Live ünd learn, hąy .. we haz múchen ẅorken to do, en.
Praps time fo dat privvvvvvvvvvvvvate chaтski..

@_date: 2020-07-04 13:55:22
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Redskins Change Name to Better Represent Population Of Washington, 
Redskins Change Name To 'Lizard People' To Better Represent Population Of Washington, D.C.
         [truly sichening image not attached]
      WASHINGTON, D.C.—There has been much talk about renaming the Washington Redskins, since their offensive name has no place in our modern, enlightened society that has done away with all other immorality and sin.
      ...

@_date: 2020-07-05 11:21:15
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: A Brief Totally Accurate History Of Programming Languages 
A Brief Totally Accurate History Of Programming Languages
         One Hundred Percent Inspired by Facts
      Casper Beyer
      May 23, 2019
      1800
      Joseph Marie Jacquard teaches a loom to read punch cards, creating the first heavily multi-threaded processing unit. His invention was fiercely opposed by silk-weavers who were worried about robots taking their jobs.
      1842
      Ada Lovelace gets bored of being noble and scribbles in a notebook what will later be known as the first published computer program, only slightly inconvenienced by the fact that there were no computers around at the time.
      1936
      Alan Turing invents everything, the Queen is keen on him but Turing fancies the lads over her, as a result of this so she has him castrated.
      The Queen later got over it, unfortunately he had already been dead for centuries (internet-time) at that time.
      1936
      Alonzo Church also invents everything with Turing, but being across the pond he was not fancied nor castrated by the Queen.
      1957
      John Backus creates FORTRAN which is the first language that real programmers use.
      1959
      Grace Hopper gets tired of sparring with Chuck Norris and invents the first enterprise ready business oriented programming language. Because enterprise ready software needs to have long and boring names she decides to call it the “common business-oriented language” or COBOL for short.
      1964
      John Kemeny and Thomas Kurtz decide programming is too hard and they need to go back to basics so they drop line numbers, they call their programming language BASIC.
      1970
      Niklaus Wirth makes Pascal become a thing along with a bunch of other languages, this guy really liked making languages.
      He also invents Wirth’s law which makes Moore’s law obsolete because software developers will write so bloated software that even mainframes cannot keep up. This will later be proven to be true with the invention of Electron.js and the abstractions built on top of it.
      1972
      Dennis Ritchie got bored during work hours at Bell Labs so he decided to make C which had curly braces so it ended up being a huge success. Afterwards he added segmentation faults and other developer friendly features to aid productivity.
      Still having a couple of hours remaining he and his buddies at Bell Labs decided to make an example program demonstrating C, they make a operating system called Unix.
      1980
      Alan Kay invents object oriented programming and calls it Smalltalk, in Smalltalk everything is an object, even an object is an object. No one really has time for his small talk.
      1987
      Larry Wall has a religious experience, becomes a preacher and makes Perl the doctrine. Everyone was onboard with up until the new testament.
      1983
      Jean Ichbiah notices that Ada Lovelace programs never actually ran and decided to create a language with her name. The language rings true to the name and remains obscure.
      1986
      Brac Box and Tol Move decide to make an unreadable version of C based on Smalltalk which they call Objective-C. To this day no one is able to understand the syntax.
      1983
      Bjarne Stroustrup takes a quick trip in his DeLorean back to the futurem while there he notices that C is not taking enough time to compile. Meaning developers don’t have enough time to mess around while claiming the code is compiling. In response to this he adds every feature he can think of to the language and names it C++.
      Programmers everywhere adopt it so they have genuine excuses to watch cat videos and read xkcd while working.
      1991
      Guido van Rossum writes a cooking book about eggs and spam.
      1993
      Roberto Ierusalimschy and friends decide they need a scripting language local to Brazil, during localization an error was made that made indices start counting from 1 instead of 0, they named it Lua.
      1994
      Rasmus Lerdorf makes a template engine for his personal homepage CGI scripts, he releases his dotfiles on the web.
      The world decides to use these dotfiles for everything and in a frenzy Rasmus throws some extra database bindings in there for the heck of it and calls it PHP.
      1995
      Yukihiro Matsumoto is not very happy, he notices other programmers are not happy. He creates Ruby to make programmers happy. After creating Ruby “Matz” is happy, the Ruby community is happy, everyone is happy.
      Sidenote: Thank you Matt, I was a Rubyist for a couple of years and I was indeed very happy.
      1995
      Brendan Eich takes the weekend off to design a language that will be used to power every single web browser in the world and eventually also Skynet. He originally went to Netscape and said it was called LiveScript but Java became popular during the code review so they decided they better use curly braces and rename it to JavaScript.
      Java turned out to be a trademark mess that would get them in trouble so JavaScript gets renamed to ECMAScript during standardisation and everyone still calls it JavaScript.
      1996
      James Gosling invents Java, the first truly overly verbose object oriented programming language where design patterns rule supreme over pragmatism.
      Its super effective, the manager provider container provider service manager singleton manager provider pattern is born.
      2001
      Anders Hejlsberg re-invents Java and calls it C# because programming in C feels cooler than Java. Everyone loves this new version of Java for totally not being like Java.
      2005
      David Hanselmeyer Hansen creates a web framework for Ruby called Ruby on Rails, people no longer remember that the two are separate things. People are becoming less happy.
      2006
      John Resig writes a helper library for JavaScript. Somehow everyone thinks it’s a language on its own and make careers of copy and pasting jQuery codes from the internets.
      2009
      Ken Thompson and Rob Pike decide to make a language like C, but with les sspeed and more safety equipment and making it more marketable with Gophers as mascots.
      They call it Go, make it open source and fund it by selling Gopher branded kneepads and hardhats separately.
      2010
      Graydon Hoare also wants to make a language like C, he calls it Rust. Everyone demands that every single piece of software be rewritten in Rust immediately. Graydon wants shinier things and starts working on Swift for Apple.
      2012
      Anders Hjelsberg wants to write C# in web browsers, he designs TypeScript which is JavaScript but with more Java in it.
      2013
      Jeremy Ashkenas wants to be happy like Ruby developers so he creates CoffeeScript which compiles to be JavaScript but looks more like Ruby. Jeremy never became truly happy like Matz and Ruby developers.
      2014
      Chris Lattner makes Swift with the primary design goal of not being Objective-C, in the end it looks like Java.
      James Iry, whom I can only assume is a fellow computer science historian made some similar observations back in 2009.

@_date: 2020-07-05 17:30:18
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Rabushka: "as a result of the American Revolution, the tax burden 
Sadly, it is looking like the Bat-Soup Stasi is right agin - the "American" revolution was nothing but a ruse to create chaos and war debts, for greedy bankers, after which "the colony's tax debt tripled"!
Now that's funny - in a true, and black comedy style of funny.
Unlike the article's title though, the American revolution was no mistake whatsoever, but an extremely well calculated ploy by a few greedy and power hungry men to claim that which was not theirs, on the blood and deception of the people (admittedly by way of at least a pretence of a worthy cause of "The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States."):
   Was The American Revolution A Mistake?
     Gary North via The Daily Reckoning,
            ..So as a result of the American Revolution, the tax burden tripled.
      The debt burden soared as soon as the Revolution began. Monetary inflation wiped out the currency system. Price controls in 1777 produced the debacle of Valley Forge.
      ..“There Was No British Tyranny, and Surely Not in North America”
      Only after the price control laws were repealed in 1778 could the Army buy food again. But the hyperinflation of the Continentals and state-issued currencies replaced the pre-Revolution system of silver currency: Spanish pieces of eight.
      The proponents of independence invoked British tyranny in North America. But there was no British tyranny in North America.
      In 1872, Frederick Engels wrote an article, “On Authority.” He criticized anarchists, whom he called anti-authoritarians. His description of the authoritarian character of all armed revolutions should remind us of the costs of revolution.
          A revolution is certainly the most authoritarian thing there is; it is the act whereby one part of the population imposes its will upon the other part by means of rifles, bayonets and cannon — authoritarian means, if such there be at all; and if the victorious party does not want to have fought in vain, it must maintain this rule by means of the terror which its arms inspire in the reactionists.
      ..After the American Revolution, 46,000 British Loyalists fled to Canada and other places controlled by the crown. They were not willing to swear allegiance to the new Colonial governments. They retained their loyalty to the nation that had delivered to them the greatest liberty on Earth. They had not committed treason.
      The revolutionaries are not remembered as treasonous. The victors write the history books.
      The Boston Tea Party: A Protest Against Lower Tea Prices
      What would libertarians — even conservatives — give today in order to return to an era in which the central government extracted 1% of the nation’s wealth? Where there was no income tax?
      Would they describe such a society as tyrannical?
      That the largest signature on the Declaration of Independence was signed by the richest smuggler in North America was no coincidence. He was hopping mad. Parliament in 1773 had cut the tax on tea imported by the British East India Co., so the cost of British tea went lower than the smugglers’ cost on non-British tea.
      This had cost Hancock a pretty penny. The Tea Party had stopped the unloading of the tea by throwing privately owned tea off a privately owned ship — a ship in competition with Hancock’s ships. The Boston Tea Party was, in fact, a well-organized protest against lower prices stemming from lower taxes.
      So once again, I’m not celebrating the Fourth of July today.

@_date: 2020-07-08 12:17:00
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: "I Definitely Wouldn't Have Supported The Holocaust If I Lived In 
'I Definitely Wouldn't Have Supported The Holocaust If I Lived In Nazi Germany,' Says Woman Who Supports Abortion Today
         PORTLAND, OR—Local woman Peyton Hill says she definitely would not have supported the Holocaust if she lived in Nazi Germany during the 1930s and 1940s, thinking herself enlightened by the glorious morality of the current year and not susceptible to being deceived as brutish, barbaric humans were in ages past.
      She said this even though she supports the modern-day holocaust against the unborn, being a strong supporter of abortion at any time for any reason.
      "Oh, yeah, I definitely would have stood up against that injustice and not gone along with the crowd because it was cool and popular," said the woman wearing a shirt reading "My Body, My Choice." "I probably would have been one of the only ones to turn against the Nazis and say, 'Enough!' and not buy into the lies wholesale."
      She then began polishing her Planned Parenthood pin with her pink beanie.
      "I'm really good at seeing through the lies of the culture and standing for moral truth and justice," she said before firing off a tweet explaining that women have the absolute right to kill their unborn children under the guise of women's healthcare.
      "I'm one of the good ones."
[With apologies to those with past life memories of the horrific medical consequences for young ladies in bygone eras who suffered greatly, often life endingly, due to choosing abortions back in those times of relatively barbaric "medicine doctors" - whilst of course in today's enlightened world, nothing barbaric ever ever happens.]
   New Google Technology Autocorrects Users' Thoughts
      Progressives Admit They're Just Not Used To Killing People Who Might Fight Back
      Disney+ Displays Warning That 'Hamilton' May Contain Positive Depictions Of Founding Fathers
      Taylor Swift Releases New Song 'I Kissed A Girl And You'll Like It Or Else You're A Disgusting Bigot'
      Ruth Bader Ginsburg Inadvertently Featured On 'In Memoriam' Segment At Oscars Third Year In A Row
      Atheists Launch No Lives Matter Movement
      Rocky Balboa Statue Goes 15 Rounds Against Rioters
      Facebook Introduces New 'Heresy!' Reaction Button
      Nation Wishes God Would Send Someone Who Could Unify People Across Races, Classes, Genders, Tribes, Tongues
      Unforgivable Sin Now Thought To Be Whiteness
      Husband With Mild Cold Bids Farewell To Family From Deathbed
      Man Who Gets Coronavirus Relieved He Can Finally Touch His Face All He Wants

@_date: 2020-07-08 15:11:48
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Joe Biden if president, will be replaced with his vice president 
For those who missed the obvious, Joe Biden if president, will be replaced with his vice president, whoever she is.  And in that case, Joe "Biden Collection" will either step down willingly (probably glad to be done with the whole circus), or if for some odd "failure to comprehend why he was allowed to be nominated in the first place" reason, will be revoved, one way or another.  Normally one would presume that a competent candidate for the US presidency would understand such basic principles...
   Judd Gregg: The Coming Biden Coup
     Judd Gregg, op-ed via The Hill,

@_date: 2020-07-08 21:24:20
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: P*ssy Grabber in Chief once complimented his niece 
So America's püssy grabber in chief once complimented his niece, apparently telling her many years ago ‘Holy S***, Mary. You're Stacked’.
Since the locker room tapes so severely damaged Trump's reputation, there's no doubt that this explosive book by his own niece revealing these lurid compliments is just going to totally ruin any possible chance of Trump's re-election.
Or something...
   ‘Holy S***, Mary. You're Stacked’: Niece Claims Trump Ogled Her Body in Forthcoming Tell-All Book
         The tantalising details of the soon-to-be released book by Mary Trump, the current US President’s niece, have been making headlines, as the tell-all volume will ostensibly feature an in-depth look into Trump family dynamics.
      ...
[How absolutely lurid!]
[Or as the Millennialls would say, "How absolutely!"]

@_date: 2020-07-13 08:46:07
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: surprisingly, Soros now pins US color revolution on Trump 
This might be obvious in hindsight, or I might just be unfortunately slow to grasp things, but to this morning's delight, a "blame Trump" exercise actually surprises me.  Go figure.
Presimably feeling the heat, Soros is for some strange reason wanting his grand hurrah, the White color revolution being dished out on North America for the world to see, to NOT be blamed on Soros!
It's hard to get over the level's of chutzpah in this one, and really, chops to Soros for at least __trying__ to pin the blame on someone as Project Veritas and other leaks ongoingly damn him in the public mind ...
... I guess "Putin dunnit" was beginning to wear a little thin.. and since for 30+ years the oligarchs have been stashing the cash over in their favourite Pooh Bear dictatorship, and now they're struggling to get it out, they might as well try to turn up the heat on MAGA Man.
"All's fair in war and color revolutions."
Quite sophístamicated:
   Hedge Fund CIO: Trump Is Now Left With Two Darker Options - A Domestic Civil Conflict And/Or A Chinese Conflict

@_date: 2020-07-14 09:54:53
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Soros' BLM _finally_ lifting their image, much to Soros' relief -- 
Well well, finally BLM has decided to do Soros a favour and actually improve their public image, shooting a 24 year old mother of one in an ambush under a brigde while she was walking with her friends and fiancée.
... but earlier she did, or at least someone in her group did, respond to a black calling out "black lives matter" with the vile, racist, abhorrent slogan "all lives matter!"
How, just, absolutely!
   BLM Supporters Ambush, Murder Young White Mother For Saying 'All Lives Matter'

@_date: 2020-07-16 13:10:49
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: very naughty hackers -- Re: Decrypt: US government is getting 
Seriously there are some very, very naughty hackers around, Blue Cheques Gone Wild!
Bill Gates should give back all that money he took with his deceptive tweets:
   Barack Obama, Joe Biden, Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos And Others Hacked In Unprecedented Twitter Attack And Bitcoin Scam; Over $100,000 Stolen In Minutes
   Sheesh, I thought we were supposed to "believe all blue chckmarks"?!
Levels of naughtyness not seen since 2019!
Just as well USGov is getting serious about tracking all this cypto or folks might get deceived and lose a few BTChes, muffas!

@_date: 2020-07-16 15:00:41
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: 1 big thing: The CIA's new license to cyberattack 
Dang it coderman, this is bait, and I'm trying to be busy.  Bait is very unfair and naughty to post!
What's this world coming to... evebody profilin evebody it seems.  Very, naughty!
Smacks of "Swiss n.gger shtf" post facto justification.  Oh, and "new"?  Please!
A good thing such karma crazy Clintonite "destruction of America" is being exposed.  Very good thing.
And it's really very amazing that this is the first North American gov administration which actively spies on their competitors, "enemies" and peers alike - totally shocking.
Dang it coderman!
We don't know how tightly Trump's hands are bound, though we do know he does not control the lower house, and it cannot really be said he controls much at all.  Except his tweets - seems he controls those.
We do know that the world's greatest Zionists behind the M.E.'s greatest wall, screech loudly about "Iran - America's greatest threat".
We also know that this year Israel thought it a smashing idea to lock in and purchase some fighter jet range extender refuelling planes "to be able to comfortably reach Iran for bombing runs".  Yep, that'll make more friends.  For sure.  Totally.
'Orange man bad "wanted"...'
Oh shit, Langley is gonna "start" to get involved in meat space actions in the world - I guess toppling 3rd rate regimes, infiltrating media outlets and heart stopping handshakes might be a "start".
(And you hnow, NO one spells First Rate Regime like a truly nationalist, wall building, dissent crushing, blood purity ensuring regime like the Neo Promised ZioLand.)
Obviously the despotic actions of murder and targetted infrastructure destruction of Iran, were the primary election campaign promises of Trump "Bomb Iran to the Stoneage Again", yes BISA, that was it, I remember 2016 so clearly now.  Flashing gifs and BISA.
And obviously obviously, Israel has totally no intererst in having America be seen to be the real one targetting Iran, literally not possible, Israel is as sweet as a fresh fed baby and just wants peace and properity for all Persians.  Bibi just yesterday: "Dudes, like, how skanky is Trump targetting Iran all the time, this is _so_ nothing to do with us ".
Yes, BISA is literally the life purpose of Trump, when he's not blind with rage against Assad and the Syrian people or congratulating NATO on their bombing of the former Yugoslavia.  Just as well the American people elected him to clean up Israel's "enemies"!  Whoops, did I mention Israel?  What I really mean is it's great Trump is planning on wiping OUR greatest threat to "democracy" off the map... that's it folks, step right up, Trump (and not the Western MOTU banking overlords) is just itching to join the club of genocidal horror despots and "chuck a Mosul" (patented USA MIC move) on Iran - we will all be safer when those mean brown skins are all dead, right?
Yes folks, Trump is so murderous even Bibi can't stop him from delivering his dastardly M.E. culling plan on the suspecting brown skins somewhere over there..
We should all send them chlorine so they can whiten the firetruck up already...
Totally Trump - everybody suspected he was just a Persian murdering psychopath in orange clown clothes.
NOTHING TO DO WITH BIBI!!!  And don't even THINK about thinking about it!
TFTFY, muffaduckas.
Folks, I can absolutely, unequivocally, totally guarantee you, almost, that Brennan and crew have nothing to do with this sort of propaganda, and any such assertions are nothing but vile, horrid and vicious lies spread by democracy haters.

@_date: 2020-07-16 17:36:17
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Andrew Anlin fails to cognize the intentions of China, shills for 
Andrew Anglin continues his globalist shilling rather than uniting the troops behind the nationalist, pro White fertility agenda.
Anglin accepts our China virus "almost overlords" as preferable to men of his own kind.
Anglin is a piss poor White supremacist who continues to complain about everything despite the obvious need to focus on next steps and the next dang job done.
Anglin seems unwilling or unable to think beyond one single step of "OMG, those HK students should not protest, dey are so inferior, dey's not even know what a principle is".
I guess Anglin is keen on hedging his health in a few years fo two dollah kidney "Mista Mista Angrin man, we gats cheap healty Falun Gook kidney for wealty White hero boy - you need soon soon, we cheap cheap".
In Angrin mind, China gud boy, do nuttin wrong in work re-education camps, and the rest work for $2 dollah a day man, that so cheap, you buy buy very smart phone Mr Angrin man!
I didn't want to say it, but young angry male mind might need a real, actual Tianenmen leak, not that tank man bullshit, but hails of bullets mowing down hundreds of students folled by blood soup, dozers and chlorine spray.
Some folks are yet to comprehend the Pol Pot mind, they sinmply cannot fathom it.
So don't give us that bullshit about "the famous Tank Man" - that was tha propaganda for White folks to feel comfy about China.
Truth is rough sometimes, but sometimes it's needed.
Wiki away muffas - it's all in the balance, we are in critical times, and this is a war of wills, a war of intentions.
The consequences of the results of your/our collective choices shall strike as Thor's hammer for millenia.
If there is no such material, then we need personal dicta, the eye witness accounts, the truth from our fellow Souls.
Darkness Over Tibet muffas.  Read it.  Many DUMB bunkers are frome bygone eras, authorities still below us, fallen ones.
Your voice counts. There is great testing - who stands on righteous principle, who cries for superficial, who does wrong by others when they could clear their slate, who pretends to sit on the fence as a MugWud bird, fooling no one but himself that he is "impartial" ...
... but in sitting, he still shits on one side of the fence.
Now is a reckoning, and some are rising to this existential challenge, delivering some mighty fine consciousness raising work.  Whether you meme the masses into a new overton window, deliver very naughty blue wakeups, or simply stand unshakable on a particular principle which you defend against a world gone mad, you are changing the our world.
It's not a bad world, we should care for it, and for one another.
   Why is Freedom for Hong Kong Being Prioritized Over the Interests of the American People?

@_date: 2020-07-16 20:42:34
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Ya just can't keep a good meme down 
So you just can't keep a good meme down and since we ripped a new space time continuum in the overton window, those memes just get around all excited like Hillary Clinton at an Iranian missile defence battery at the Tehran international airport - I know, I know, that's an insult to missiles and Ukrainian national airlines.
Memes muffaduckas, they be da bomb!
    Trends on Twitter as People Start to Notice a Pattern
         [triggering Huwaite Zio supremacism meme not attached]
      Even with all of the banning going on on the internet, the Jews are having a hard time keeping the lid on the bottle as they continue to shove this “white privilege” nonsense down people’s throats while they themselves are by far the wealthiest and most privileged group in America.
      Typically, Jewish privilege entails being totally above all forms of criticism. However, on Sunday,  was a top trending topic on both American and British Twitter.
      Haaretz:
                  Some of the tweets revived the attempt to pass themselves off as being Jewish and “confessing” their sins of privilege.
         One wrote that he felt “guilty that our people’s role in slavery dwarfed Whites, but it’s important we pay for that dominant role that hurt so many millions of blacks. We jews are 1/3 of billionaires and MUST give much more to blacks.”
         Almost immediately, Jews across Twitter pushed back, using the same hashtag to share their experiences with antisemitism. By early Monday, the hashtag had been largely “flipped”:  was dominated by reminders of antisemitism over the years and stories of struggles with modern antisemitism.
      The reason it “flipped” is that everyone who was tweeting against the Jews was banned.
      Regrettably, at time of writing, all of the tweets calling out the Jews have been deleted, and all that is left are a bunch of Jews using the hashtag to whine about how mean people are to them.
      .. [litany of whining tweets elided]
      These tweets just go on and on and on with these people whining like nothing you’ve ever seen in your life. But you get the picture.
      Surely, this whole “yes, we are the richest and most powerful, but also the most oppressed, please listen to us whine about how oppressed we are” bit does not go over well with most people?
      It will be interesting to see if the Jews can continue to manage this situation, continue to deflect from themselves as they promote the idea that certain groups – whites, in particular, and to a much lesser extent, East Asians – need to be punished for their status in society. ..
A reminder of what shall contiue to progress if we fail to keep opening that overton window - bent knees by the likes of Linus Cuck Torvalds:
   Linux Creator Finally Stops Killing Black People, Replaces Murderous Words in Coding Style Guide
         Pictured: Linus Torvalds, creator of Linux, back when he still had a spine.
      Linus Torvalds is old, tired, and just wants to be paid and left alone.
      They broke him back in 2018, when enemies – led by the New Yorker, a Jewish media publication – effectively ran him out of his own company. He was allowed to return after a period of time off, but now he basically just functions as a figurehead, and does what the frizzy-haired mulattoes running the HR department tell him to do.
      This newest thing he has agreed to is just simply bizarre. Apparently, we can’t even say the words “white” and “black” anymore – in any context.
      ZDNet:
                  Linus Torvalds approved on Friday a new and more inclusive terminology for the Linux kernel code and documentation.
         Going forward, Linux developers have been asked to use new terms for the master/slave and blacklist/whitelist terminologies.
         Proposed alternatives for master/slave include:
         primary/secondary
         main/replica or subordinate
         initiator/target
         requester/responder
         controller/device
         host/worker or proxy
         leader/follower
         director/performer
         Proposed alternatives for blacklist/whitelist include:
         denylist/allowlist
         blocklist/passlist
         The Linux team did not recommend any specific terms but asked developers to choose as appropriate.
         The new terms are to be used for new source code written for the Linux kernel and its associated documentation.
         The older terms, considered inadequate now, will only be allowed for maintaining older code and documentation, or “when updating code for an existing (as of 2020) hardware or protocol specification that mandates those terms.”
      “Primary” and “secondary” are definitely not good replacements for “master” and “slave.” Probably, better terms would be “boss” and “employee.” However, that probably is still not allowed under this new communism that we have on our hands, as it still implies a power differential.
      The terms leader, director, and controller reek of toxic masculinity. Why does there have to be an imbalance of power with some parts of the Linux kernel being above others? We have equality now, and both people of color and women are at the same level as white men. We need to reflect that in software, just like we’re now making software reflect that black lives matter. There is no place for hierarchy in software function.
      It’s time to address structural racism in open source software, yes, but it’s also time to address structural inequality.
      If we want a truly inclusive open source software environment, we need to destroy unequal relationships of power in computer programs.
      In fact, we need to stop giving orders to our computers altogether. If you think about it, computers are just like black people. We’ve built America on the backs of blacks, by forcing them to pick the civilization-building material known as cotton, and now we’re exploiting computers for our own selfish gains too.
      It’s slavery all over again.
      Computer Lives Matter.
All lives matter?
Damn straight:
   First Blood: White Woman Killed for Saying “All Lives Matter”
      Asked About “Cops Killing Blacks” Hoax, Trump Says “White People” Five Times
      CNN Journalist Who Doxed Tucker Carlson’s Writer is a Persian Dissident Targeting War Critics

@_date: 2020-07-17 11:38:22
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: 1 big thing: The CIA's new license to cyberattack 
BTW ty, you're welcome, all donations for your morning report humbly accepted, but we cannot accept amployment as human has tendency to drift left when his daily bread is paid for by someone other than his.elf.

@_date: 2020-07-18 10:11:53
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Andrew Anlin fails to cognize the intentions of China, shills 
not sure
I guess hope someone with a suitable leak knows enough Tor to get it out.
Tor is a step up for torrents - just balance your usage as normal...
Tor is a "choice of n.ggers" conundrum: if you don't use it, your local boys in blue have much more ready access to your torrenting, if you do use it, the CIA/NSA n.ggers get first pluck on your browsing and torrenting data.
At the moment, there is a faction of the CIA which is actually now supporting Trump and the "expose China" agenda, so we should be just fine exposing China via Tor at the moment.
They e.g. NSA, might be n.ggers, but on the issue of China's despotism, at the moment they're _our_ n.ggers!  No reason to not make use of that...
China analogy.  China, to steal a line from Shrek's Donkey, is "Pol Pot on the edge!"
Unleashed, China will bring hell on Earth.
Pol Pot can be read about on wiki, China is about understanding their (group) mindset, and witnessing how Tianenmen played out is a good start to actually comprehending China.
(Hint, when "face" is the prime, utmost, value of people, and greed or "advantage" is a close second, what sort of outcomes would the world be likely to get were this reality to become MOTU.)
Best to keep it in the dark chats - you never know what "local law enforcement officer" with his back door on your ISP is working for the Soros faction (one world order/ gov/ etc, straight outta the Tibetan underground city and the fallen ones).
Make use of the n.ggers we gats.
You may speak for yourself (and you speak well, your heart is apparently good).
We must encourage others to wake up, lift them into truth, awareness.
It's a life journey of educating all we come in contact with - that which is worth building is not identical for everyone, so empathy, understanding and communication are essential (believe me, a lifetime of n.ggardly failure and brown paper bags might be eternally embarrassing and gut wrenching, but it's something?)
Once you find folks in your ken, the long journey continues, how to reach a point of abundance in food without dependence on The Man.
Such simple truths might seem too hard, but this is where we must head - little pockets of vertical integration in food, water, shelter, communication, travel.
If we don't create the world our future generations need, who will?
He's the n.gger who wrote the article I linked, see below.
You might create an account at TDS and ask him why he is so pro-globalist, that would probably be very useful, because he's actually quite a thinker, and although occasionally brash, he is very genuine, and often funny.
You'll make a fine n.gger yet :D

@_date: 2020-07-18 10:16:06
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: www.Tesmanian.com: FCC approves the operation of 'Starlink 
Stap 1, folks ought feed themselves without dependence on The Man.
Fail on this, and we shall remain slaves.

@_date: 2020-07-18 10:18:55
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: www.Tesmanian.com: FCC approves the operation of 'Starlink 
Now THAT is good thing - within the realm of "small community can build and maintain it"!

@_date: 2020-07-18 10:23:45
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: www.Tesmanian.com: FCC approves the operation of 'Starlink 
Well said.
Ironically, this drill lockdown is leaving a lot of folks with a lot more time to conteplate their lives.
When shelter, food and water is handled, we have the space to find ourselves, to make decisions like "what sort of communication network would be simple and useful between small communities", and "where would we like to travel, or need to travel, and how would we like to do that".
Covid, for many at least, is a temporary halt to the Human Race.

@_date: 2020-07-18 14:20:23
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Andrew Anlin fails to cognize the intentions of China, shills 
Dude, folks normally assume a desktop. Bad assuption these days I guess.
BEFORE loading any Tor sites, but after installing, DISABLE JAVASCRIPT!
Tor n.ggers do not do this setting by default, on the basis that they want Tor Browser to be more popular.
In reality, it is a trap to catch newcomers, and even old timers who install on a new device or etc.
The Tor n.ggers also enable JavaShaft by default on every other Tor Browser platform too.  You have been warned.
Really, that's as n.ggardly as it gets!
Be careful out in the real world.. lotta n.ggers out there.

@_date: 2020-07-18 14:38:40
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Andrew Anlin fails to cognize the intentions of China, shills 
PS., the TDS BBS/forum, requires JavaShaft unfortunately. It's on my agenda to write them a new one, but that's probably about 4 years away from today.
When I get the rare moment to get on there, I do ONLY some TDS browsing and posting, after enabling JavaShaft, then disable when done and completely shut down the TBB (Tor Browser Bundle), and do NO other browsing at the same time.
EVEN if you use profiles (say, one JS-enabled profile for TDS, another JS-disabled profile for all other sites), if ANY SINGLE WEBSITE or profile has JavaScript enabled, you must consider yourself identified - ID is a per-host thing (your phone is a "host" computer BTW!).
So, be very careful.
If you're not up on cryptsetup (or Veracrypt if you demand a GUI), then you need to be.
If you do not encrypt your home directory and disable non-encrypted swap, then you really need to install TBB "relocatable" (this is default with the TorProject download) inside an encrypted volume.
ALL sensitive encrypted files for upload AND download MUST be kept in encrypted volumes (preferably with detached headers stored in a master vol - make sure this is backed up though :D)
Then also read up on the Topproject.org FAQs on how to increase security, which is a start, then come back here for any questions, and no doubt the BatSoup n.gger will set you straight on how bad your security is and how stupid you are for even  thinking  of using or in any way trusting TBB ;D
Good luck and stay safe,
Your not so friendly security N.ggerBot

@_date: 2020-07-18 16:21:51
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Juan, you have a lot of women on your side! - [PEACE] 
So chaos is wanted by some, and in the face of despotism, it is sometimes hard to argue against the karmic value of chaos.
And our resident friendly BatSoup n.gger certainly has Seattle City Councilman (man) Lisa Herbold on his side in the "bring on chaos" department of bringing on chaos.
   Seattle City Council Member Suggests Firing White Officers In Massive Reduction Of Police Department
    Jonathan Turley,
            [incredibly smug image of Lisa Herbold in original article]
      The Seattle City Council is facing something of a dilemma in its popular pledge of the Seattle City Council to cut the police budget by 50 percent. To do so would require firing a significant number of police officers, which is also popular. The problem is that the firing would be done by seniority and many of the less senior officers are black.
      The solution according to City Council member Lisa Herbold is simple: fire officers based on their race.
            While that would be the definition of racial discrimination, Herbold clearly believes that it is discrimination for a good cause. The federal courts are likely to disagree.  Most notably, Herbold’s call for racial discrimination against white officers would seek to undue the work of Justice Thurgood Marshall who insisted that racial discrimination unlawful and evil regardless of the race you want to disenfranchise or discriminate against.
      Seattle Police Chief Carmen Best released a video calling the plan of Herbold and others “completely reckless.” She also sent a letter to Mayor Jenny Durkan warning that dramatic cuts would require the layoff of hundreds of officers. The Police Department also warned that the firings would include many minority officers.
            ...
The Demon.rat n.ggers march ever onward to black utopia...

@_date: 2020-07-18 20:14:17
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Andrew Anlin fails to cognize the intentions of China, shills 
We know one thing is true, you muh _favourite_ n.gger, n.gger!  :D
Gotta send me dem Zamibian recipies you promised - why you so forgetful, n.gger?

@_date: 2020-07-18 20:17:41
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Owning your own thoughts 
That's a bit sad that there are such hateful readers out there...
Do you want to own your thoughts?

@_date: 2020-07-20 10:14:21
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Dissidents in China - gas trains -- Re: China's "legal diplomacy" in 
One bowl of bat soup, thank you.
Wanna some Chinese Virus overlords dirctly above you, dissident?
Here many are literally loaded into a train, by our decidedly unfriendly Chinese "not yet" overlords:
Chinese Ambassador Struggles To Explain Shocking Footage Of Handcuffed & Blindfolded Uighurs Loaded Onto Train
   During a Sunday morning BBC news program, China’s ambassador to the UK Liu
   Xiaoming was in a rare segment asked point blank about viral footage which
   purports to show a terrifying scene from Xinjiang province of Muslim
   minority Uighurs being handcuffed and loaded onto train cars.    While the footage, which appears to have been secretly caught via drone,
   appears to be a year old or more, it resurfaced in recent weeks, gaining
   millions of views and reigniting allegations of Uighur people being mass
   shipped to communist 'reeducation' camps and sprawling detention centers.
           asks Chinese ambassador to the UK Liu Xiaoming to explain footage
       from China of handcuffed and blindfolded detained
       people pic.twitter.com/RSbrSaOAPT
           — BBC Politics ( July 19, 2020
   During the tenses Andrew Marr Show segment, Liu described Xinjiang simply as “the most beautiful place.”
      Showing the shocking footage which many observers said echoes Jews being mass loaded onto cattle cars during the Holocaust to be taken to their deaths, Marr pressed the Chinese ambassador with:
       “Can I ask you why people are kneeling, blindfolded and shaven, and being led to trains in modern China? What is going on there?”
   To which Liu replied: “I do not know where you get this video tape. Sometimes you have a transfer of prisoners, in any country.” And Liu then questioned the authenticity and location of the video: “I do not know, where did you get this video clip?”
   ...
Forgets you Kenya, I gats a nu country for ya Juanagger :)

@_date: 2020-07-20 21:28:43
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Juan, you have a lot of women on your side! - [PEACE] 
You're a kind Soul, Mirimir, and for this I am grateful.
We not only have a right to own our thoughts, but some consider it a sacred duty.
PC (politically correct) censorship, and worse, self censorship, is the usually tacit, often explicit, consent to censorship.
This is consent to the "social Marxists" being in control of what words we may use, and therefore as explained a few times now, what thoughts are permissible.  Such is dictatorship, plain and simple.
In other words this is obviously the death of independent thought.
And _that_ is the ultimate death of the individual, in that we all become now compelled to comply with the new orthodoxy, under threat of personal attack, the threat of society wide disintegration, and on the micro scale, the threat of being accused of "hurting" some "poor, damaged, uniquely fragile" individual.
This all is a sort of penultimate rapture of narcissism, where the individual reigns so supreme, that he dictates acceptable speech (and therefore thought) for all, thus erasing all individuality and ensuring the homogeneity of all.
This last is of course impossible in practice, but that never stopped the unthinking from being led in their lust for power and control from belligerently attempting to destroy all if they don't get their way.  Quite literally "temper tantrums" of (psychologically) 4 year olds, in adult "university educated" bodies.  Such is of course an utter disgrace and blight on the Western "education" system.
And this existential battle of ideology (and truly too, a battle of wills) is heightened to its apex as the "liberal" world empire implodes on itself for want of an enemy (really, go back and read Dugin if you skipped over him - as Dr. Jordan Peterson states, knowledge is power).
Dugin highlights the fundamental paucity of substance in what we think of as the "liberal world order" or "liberal" ideology: "liberalism" as we know it in the West is sadly lived as the negative 'freedom from'.  For example:
 - freedom _from_ communism
 - freedom _from_ fascism
 - freedom _from_ "the suffocating social construct of gender"
 - etc
As Dugin highlights, this "freedom from" is inherently negative, a "liberation" from this or that "evil", and so when the USSR fell, the End of History began, and with it, the inherent end of this negative "liberal"ism, since it had vanquished all enemies, we had been freed "from" the worst evils (the anti-liberalism (supposedly) of Russia's communism).  Which is entirely ironic, as The End of History being caused by the demise of all liberalismi's "enemies", is simultaneously the end of that which opposes those "enemies", i.e. the very "liberalism" which succeeded (as it is a negative ("freedom from") in nature).  Negative (freedom from) liberalism, cannot exist without an enemy to fight to the death and liberate us from.  This normally would all be rather funny, except the present society wide consequences (for whatever superficial and other causes), are very significant, there is quite possibly great danger immediately ahead - so, we must tread  very  carefully.
In this present penultimate insanity, all who fail to uphold the "freedom from" dogma of the day, are heathens, infidels who must be sacrificed on the alter of the Social Justice Cathedral.
Historically, the literal death of infidels follows in short order, by the guns, torture and murder done by a dictator and his regime.  We must tread carefully.
The "4th political theory" which Dugin begins to put forth is ironically at once both an opposite of "liberalism and the glory of the individual", and yet it is also very similar and the term used "dasein" speaks directly to the _beingness_ of the individual!  This is quite existential (!), yet admits of all aspects (and all needs) of the experience of the individual, rather than the eternally pithy "freedom _from_ some bad dogma 'out there'".
Note however that dasein is wrt a positive and not a negative "individuality" or rather "experience of" - where the reality of the individual, his beingness, becomes central to some new "way" or "ideology": dasein (/ 4th political theory) is finally a truly existential construct, not the oh so superficial narcissism of the "negative freedoms _from_" which "liberalism" (as we unfortunately call it) supposedly "frees" us from.
This is why today, with the phoenix of modern Russia just starting to rise again from her Western "king hits" coma she was in, we can say with no irony at all:
   Russia is simultaneously both more conservative,
   AND more liberal,
   than the West today (~2020).
This is a stunning observation which Dugin's clarity (as small a seedling as it is) assists us in observing and comprehending.  No small feat, that.
The "liberal" West does in fact, in a very existential way, need Russia, not only as a counterpoint to our own (collective) evil and looming insanity, but as that star on the horizon guiding us from the pit we dug ourselves into; Russia is a construct of not only history, culture and family ("conservative" values which truth be told, most humans deeply crave) but is a philosophical construct to liberate us from liberalism, into a wholistic environment without which the individual is truly enslaved to his independence and individuality:
 - "independence" is truly an illusion, as we are intimately co-dependant on one another for technology, food, love and connection
 - "individual" means "I-divide-u-all" or "in separation, I am divided from you all"
We crave, no we need love and connection, not separation - or we go quite literally insane and then we attempt to fill this gaping void (which maximal "individuality" rips inside of us) by going shopping, purchasing something to make us happy, fill the void, which of course no "thing" can ever do...

@_date: 2020-07-21 11:49:49
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Xi claims trains were surprise -- Re: Dissidents in China - gas 
preferential treatment
Chinese president claims the Uighur trains were actually for a 'Surprise Trip To Disneyland':
   President Xi Claims Uighurs Were Being Loaded Onto Trains For A 'Surprise Trip To Disneyland'
         BEIJING—China has responded to allegations that Uighurs are being loaded
      onto trains and taken to concentration camps.
      President Xi said Monday that the Uighurs are being rounded up,
      blindfolded, and loaded onto trains for a "surprise trip to Disneyland."
      According to the president of the Communist country, the minority group
      was corralled and put into trains and then taken to Shanghai Disneyland
      Park, where they got to ride the Peter Pan ride, Dumbo, the carousel, and
      more.
      ..

@_date: 2020-07-21 15:25:01
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Juan, you have a lot of women on your side! - [PEACE] 
You might be mixing up my Russophile comments that I mixed in there ... but dasein is actually very close to the "individualistic" modern liberalism, just a much deeper and more personal "individualism" founded in beingness, awareness, personal experience - that very personal existentialism that is inherent in awareness;
my apologies, it sounds like I completely obscured this concept in all my waffle :D
`dict sobornost` comes up blank, and I do not recall ever seeing this word before.  Let's try Yandex:
   Sobornost
   Sobornost is a term coined by the early Slavophiles, Ivan Kireyevsky and Aleksey Khomyakov, to underline the need for co-operation between people, at the expense of individualism, on the basis that the opposing groups focus on what is common between them.
   Ah, OK, I have not read Dugin deeply, just listened to the rare English piece on youtube, and the links I posted just recently.
Sounds like a "slavic" concept of the comparative thinking around groups vs individuals.  We can be reasonably sure that Dugin would be up on that term then... I do not know if he advocates sobornost per se.
I think the West, even in this short definition above, consistently betrays its false dichotomies, in this example "the need for co-operation ... at the expense of individualism" - that has to be the stupidest thing I've read this month.
How can co-operating with one another and uplifting each other's unique expression of awareness and individuality that they are, be _at the expense_ of individualism?
Western thinking is seriously messed up.  Cari, please save us from these false dichotomies ... no wonder we're going collectively loopy, the contradictions at the foundations of our very thoughts can only be sustained for so long.
таракан, can you please enlighten us about whether this wikipedia definition is accurate, or if it is a typically "Western" bastardization?
Sounds like a worthy read.
This principle of "rule by the fittest" sounds to be right up there with "modern liberalism's" power pyramid of nihilist pricks :)
A rule of thumb antidote might be "pick a principled  _benevolent_  'leader' to follow, if you're going to follow anyone".
Followers are gonna follow, the weak are gonna bow, so perhaps our job could include teaching them about whom to follow, whom there might be a self interest to not bow to.

@_date: 2020-07-21 16:27:07
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: ZeroWedgie vindicated ... again :D - [WHIMSICAL] [MONEY] [MINISCULE 
Speaking of threats and intimidation, ZeroWedgie is vindicated once again after being legally threatened for their (accurate) free speech reporting of Citadel frontrunning their clients, on multiple occasions.
As Citadel presciently pointed out in a number of intimidating legal "take down your tweet" letters, "'Frontrunning' is an industry term of art that refers to an illegal form of trading."
Seems they know a lot about front running, snigger snort (but no gloating now):
   Citadel Fined For Frontrunning Of Client Orders After Threatening To Sue Zerohedge
         ..  "ZeroHedge's statement obviously disparages the lawfulness and integrity of Mr. Griffin and Citadel Securites's business practices, and thus is defamatory per se.[sic]"
          "As you well know, "frontrunning" is an unethical and illegal trading practice."
      Needless to say, instead of engaging in a legal battle with the world's richest and most powerful trader and his army of lawyers, we decided to simply comply with their demand. That said, dear gentlemen from ClareLocke - we do know very well that frontrunning is an unethical and illegal trading practice. But we wonder: does your client know that?
      The reason why we ask is very simple. According to a Letter of Acceptance (No. 2014041859401), Waiver and Consent published by financial regulator FINRA, none other than Citadel Securities was censured and fined for engaging in - drumroll - "trading ahead of customer orders."
            Now we admit that our financial jargon is a bit rusty these days, but "trading ahead of customer orders" sounds awfully similar to another far more popular "term of art", one which we know very well: frontrunning!
      Jargon aside, some of the other highlighted words we are very familiar with, such as "hundreds of thousands"... and "559 instances" in which Citadel traded ahead of customer orders.
      Now, we may be getting a little ahead of ourselves here, but it was Citadel's own lawyers that informed us on more than one occasion that:
          "frontrunning" is an unethical and illegal trading practice."
      ...
[Of course citadel laughs all the way to the bank, with the fine equivalent to 0.7% of a painting Citadel's Ken Griffin recently bought ...]
In any case:
   .. it appears that Citadel may indeed have engaged in some of what its own lawyers called "unethical and illegal" trading practice, especially since Citadel Securities' own General Counsel, Steve Luparello signed the Finra AWC:
   .. Well that's... awkward.
   .. In fact the only confusion we have at this moment is who is more ironically named: Citadel or Robinhood?
For those who missed the memo, this is a good time to 'clean up your back yard' ...

@_date: 2020-07-21 17:47:31
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: JLP: "This is a battle for the Soul of America" -- Re: Black Revival 
interviewed by Jimmy Chang and overlord Azzmador - [PEACE]
JLP Never Expected His Life to go This Way; A Perfect Life is Waiting For You Within
[Audio was not great unfortunately.]

@_date: 2020-07-22 10:46:57
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Red Bull - Official Drank o' The Alt-Freakin-Right - "you know you 
Oh yeah, the BLM awareness raising campaign is starting to bear fruit, grape drank fruit to be precise :D
I ain't sure Red Bull does grape drank, but it looks like it on day agenda now muffaduckas ;)
You know you love it...
   Red Bull Fires "Woke" Diversity Directors Who Tried To Push For BLM Support
   Paul Joseph Watson via Summit News,
            Red Bull has fired two ‘diversity directors’ who tried to force the company into virtue signaling about Black Lives Matter while also dissolving several ‘culture teams’ who were pressuring Red Bull to take a more aggressive ‘woke’ political stance.
      Stefan Kozak, its North America chief executive, and Amy Taylor, its North America president and chief marketing officer, have both left the Austrian drinks company after they tried to create a schism within the business about its supposed “inaction on the Black Lives Matter movement.”
      According to the Wall Street Journal, “Ms. Taylor had been working on diversity and inclusion efforts within the company with Mr. Kozak’s support for several years but was met with opposition when she began advocating for Red Bull to be more overt in its support of racial justice in the last month, according to people familiar with the matter.”
            ..
Now jis lark Biden pullin sum serious poll numbers which be crucifyin' Trump's black approval rate-in's, this "dastardly, ebil, nasty muffaducka" move by Red Bull is totally gonna crucify dey sales ... or sum.thin ...
         Thank God I’m a Country Boy (Aussie Version)
      Now here's one for the lads: exactly how you expect to have a good relationship with your sheila, if you __don't__ have a good relationhip with her fogies?
Riddle me that muffaduckas ;)
Create our world fellow Souls,

@_date: 2020-07-23 03:10:55
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: "totally normal + non-suspicious" urgent document burning at Houston 
Kek looks on in mild amusement this evening (Ossie time) as a "totally normal
and non-suspicious" urgent document burning in multiple barrels at the Houston
Chinese consulate courtyard are hurried along by little Chinamen darting in and
out of the consulate's offices as the Houston police department look on in mirth
- in case anyone gets burnt I guess ...
... which by complete and total coincidence is being done immediately after
Trump ordered the consulate closed "within 72 hours".
   "Oh my, what warm courtyards you have their Mister Consul."
I thought open fires were hazardous to the health of cotton stuffed
Winnie The Pooh bears, but what would I know?
   China Furious After US Abruptly Orders Closure Of Houston Consulate Sparking "Unprecedented Escalation"

@_date: 2020-07-23 03:27:50
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Whites going ape for Blacks in America -- Re: Soros' BLM _finally_ 
pins US color revolution on Trump
Soros must be turning in his grave about now, as Whites are going ape over
Blacks in America at the moment, as recent poll numbers actually properly show
(a rare day indeed), and it's no surprise, what with Black shootings of young
White mothers, a vicious and relentless campaign of destroying our history and
culture, it's a total surprise to some that we aren't screaming for monthly Hug
A Black days, sheesh! :
   New Poll Shows More White Americans Now Oppose Black Lives Matter Than Support
   (Paul Joseph Watson via Summit News,)
            After enjoying a surge in support following the death of George Floyd, a
      new polls reveals that a majority of white Americans now oppose the Black
      Lives Matter movement.
      ...
[Seriously, Paul Joseph Watson is on a freaking  roll  these days!  What a trooper!]

@_date: 2020-07-23 04:28:09
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: NYT accidentally publishes Ghislaine Maxwell obituary ahead of 
New York Times Accidentally Publishes Ghislaine Maxwell Obituary Ahead Of Schedule
         [cute pic not attached]
      NEW YORK, NY—Oops! The New York Times accidentally included Ghislaine
      Maxwell in its daily list of New Yorkers killed by COVID-19, publishing
      the socialite's name on its website Tuesday morning.
      The glowing obituary called Maxwell a "generous, loving, austere
      childcare provider" who "will be missed by many of us elites." ...
In other news, NY governor Cuomo is blazing an old new trail:
   Ceremony Honoring Governor Cuomo's COVID-19 Response To Be Held At Now-Vacant Nursing Home
         ALBANY, NY—A ceremony honoring Governor Cuomo's fantastic response to the
      coronavirus pandemic will be held at a convenient location: a now-vacant
      nursing home upstate.
      Cuomo was awarded the United States Award for Disease Response Excellence
      by Dr. Anthony Fauci at the recently vacated venue.
      "We just had all this free space opened up," said Cuomo. "This is a great
      new space to host all kinds of cool events. They've got a cafeteria, lots
      of available beds for a little shut-eye, and a room to play Bingo. I
      could get comfortable here."
      ..

@_date: 2020-07-24 19:13:54
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Russia "takes over" the UK -- Re: Bears can swim - =?utf-8?Q?=28?= 
he's just a very naughty Russian!"
Russians have supposedly 'not only come to town, they've meddled their way to total domination of all of the West' and "must therefore be" the cause of all our ills and our imminent demise, which is of course all so farcical it could never be used even for a B-rated movie plot, yet we continue to be fed this shit week after week, year after year!
This is all so, so pathetic.  Western "leaders", that is, any and all politicians who are compromised, ought step down immediately, for the possible redemption of their own Souls.
The latest circus show culminating in the last few days is the UK's own demon rats casting endless aspersions against "RUSSIA!!!" (I know, I know, "how truly original") - just check out this 'funny' headline (funny if it weren't so shitty for our relationship with our Russian brothers):
   While Britain looked for terrorists under the bed, Russia took over the house
      Posted Yesterday at 3:28am, updated Yesterday at 10:42am
      2020-07-23
      A new report exposes how Russian spies infiltrated the UK
… and plenty more (actually it's so weak, so pathetic and so bad, that it's just sad):
   Long-awaited Russia report says UK Government failed to investigate Kremlin interference in Brexit
   You know, what's most pathetic is the West's eternal "need" to blame someone, in almost all cases Putin, or Russia, or Putin's Russia, often times "the Putin regime", and occasionally also "the Russian regime under Putin", or often enough some combination of these.
And what's most irritating about this latest bunch o' bullshit from the Ministry's spin rats in the UK in the above "explosive report" and endless droning "Putin dunnit" articles, is that the UK is perhaps the world's largest money laundering capital, whilst proclaiming to wear a halo (!):
   Dirty money or dirty politics? UK hypocrisy over ‘Russian oligarchs’
          According to Russia’s Prosecutor General, 61 criminals who stole up to $10 billion in Russia are enjoying life in the UK. Britain claims to be concerned about ‘dirty money,’ but has rejected requests from Moscow for extradition.
       It was the financial heist of the century. The looting of Soviet Russia’s wealth by a group of well-connected oligarchs in the 1990s enriched a tiny few, but impoverished vast swathes of the country’s population. The foundations for this massive, reverse-Robin-Hood redistribution of wealth were laid with Gorbachev’s ‘restructuring’ economic reforms of the late 80s. However, the process reached its peak under Boris Yeltsin.
       READ MORE: Russia to Britain: 'You can keep the criminals, but return the money'
              ...
Lé Mérchánt is Lé very Lé Háppí of course.  Ahh, the wicked webs we weave in the wicked web weaving Western web weaver's wick.
It really is sad, and so we continue with our "one step forward, nine tenths of a step back" reality for the time being.
The nihilist "freedom from some external evil" is so, so tiresome.  The desperate "Western" yearning for evil regimes to oppose, which are so dastardly (supposedly Putin), so malevolent towards "our values" (supposedly Russia and her family friendly approach to advertising), so irredeemably black and nefarious that they just might begin to make us Westerners look 'OK', possibly may be acceptable to ourselves 'in comparison'.
Western "leaders" push out forced smiles and strained cackles of "muh human rights" as though they actually know something about what human rights actually are …

@_date: 2020-07-25 03:29:39
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: USA status check 
For those who care, a quick status check on the USA; it's quite precarious:
   A Stress Test For A Straining Superpower
   Patrick Buchanan via Buchanan.org,
            ...
      From the protests, riots, rampages and statue-smashing of the last two months, it is apparent that millions of Americans detest our history and heroes. Though nowhere in recorded time have 42 million people of African descent achieved the measures of freedom and prosperity they have in the USA, we are daily admonished that ours is a rotten and sick society whose every institution is shot through with “systemic racism.”
      ...

@_date: 2020-07-26 12:00:19
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Red Bull - Official Drank o' The Alt-Freakin-Right - "you know 
Oh wow, good move!  It's great that you've changed away from sugary Coke to sugar free Coke ... 18 years after your diabetes diagnosis ;)

@_date: 2020-07-26 12:30:40
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: communicating with police officers, narratives, discrimination 
May be if you don't limit it to cops, but include any "unnecessary use of violence", then it could be more likely to garner omni partisan support, rather than be seen by one particular as a direct attack on them - which seems counter productive.
To this end, you could call it "moron watch".
As soon as partisanship shows it's ugly troll face, you will lose supporters, you lose the moral high ground, and you turbo charge the divisions that are happening that some people like to deny...
Choose wisely,

@_date: 2020-07-26 12:51:13
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Let Chicongo go 
There's an exemplary argument to be made to let Chicongo go...
Most folks, lest they see signs and wonders, do not believe.

@_date: 2020-07-26 12:55:58
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Let Chicongo go 
Protests Erupt Across Country; Black Militia Member Accidentally Shoots Comrades In Park
         ..At one point gunshots erupted when one NFAC member accidentally shot three of his comrades.

@_date: 2020-07-26 18:18:52
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: NYT accidentally publishes Ghislaine Maxwell obituary ahead of 
OK Karl, it is satire.
The BabylonBee.com is satire.
This is the second time you've publicly commented on a satire article as though it is not satire.
It is a good lesson for me here - some people are not able to distinguish satire in the written form, and also fail, repeatedly, to actually read original articles (with dozens of BabylonBee.com articles posted, evidently Karl (but the individual is not the issue here) has not actually clicked on even one, or if he did, he  still  failed to recognise that this site is a satire site.
That is actually counter productive for all of us, and in a very real way dangerous, since then it appears that a lot of falsehoods (which are simply satire) are being spread and read as factual, rather than the dry satirycal commentary on certain of the problems in our broader Western community today.
And that, is not good.
I take my duty of care to us all, seriously.
So Karl, I hope you are now under no illusion about the many links I have posted to the BabylonBee.com.
As an evidently necessary precaution, from now on I shall either pre- or post-fix such emails with "[SATIRE]" or something similar, in an attempt to avoid the real damage that may arise when folks are for whatever reasons not able to identify satire as satire.
Karl, I hope there is a positive (or "constructive") lesson here for you, perhaps in relation to "believing everything your superiors say to you" - in this case, what you read as "true" was actually just "shit posting" with the intention to point out how stupid some parts of our shared reality are.  Take care and I hope that you will no longer be mislead by what I mistakenly thought was "obvious to see, must be" satire.
We are in precarious times, and, for example, Juan's no nonsense straight talk may well be a more functional (for everybody) approach.  We certainly do not need exaggerated falsehoods to be amplified, far from it!
Take care everybody, and let's look out for one another, these are challenging times...
(In case it's useful, the satire might highlight that her life may be at risk - she's in the same jail Epstein was "suicided" in.)

@_date: 2020-07-27 18:03:56
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Red Bull - Official Drank o' The Alt-Freakin-Right - "you know 
Hey Karl,
do you see the fundamental division being created by those deep behind the BLM movement, that it is actually an anti-White movement?
If you can acknowledge that there really are two sides to the movement, and certain specific problems within the movement, then there would be scope for discussion.
A recent book published is a classic example which highlights certain of these problems, just like the "cop watch" thing, most efforts by the naieve, tend strongly to create the very schism they proclaim to oppose [links in original]:
 Universities Across America Want Students To Read This Book. We Did It For You...
 Maria Copeland via CampusReform.org,
     Amid a nationwide call for anti-racist education, White Fragilityby Robin DiAngelo has gained massive popularity and university endorsement.    The book, which shot to the top of best-seller lists following the death of George Floyd and subsequent widespread movements, has been highlighted on recommended reading lists by universities nationwide, including Ivy League schools such as Cornell, Harvard, and Yale.
   Campus Reform decided to find out why.    The angle that sets this book apart from similar texts is likely its development of “white fragility” as the catalyst of all racial conflict.     White fragility, according to DiAngelo, is a phenomenon that occurs when people of color confront white people on race-related issues. Categorically, white people will react with “a range of defensive responses,” which include “emotions such as anger, fear, and guilt and behaviors such as argumentation, silence, and withdrawal from the stress-inducing situation” and which “work to reinstate white equilibrium as they repel the challenge, return our racial comfort, and maintain our dominance within the racial hierarchy.”
   This behavior, DiAngelo clarifies, “is born of superiority and entitlement. White fragility is not weakness per se. In fact, it is a powerful means of white racial control and the protection of white advantage.”    Essentially, she argues that white people’s distaste for racial confrontation is responsible for perpetuating white supremacy.    Additionally, DiAngelo recognizes that white people do not like to be classified at large under a broad category, and she predicts throughout the text that white readers will reject her arguments because of this sensitivity, which is a tendency that they must simply learn to overcome.
   DiAngelo makes the case that “racism is deeply embedded in the fabric of our society,” saying that all racist acts stem from institutional racism. This means that “only whites can be racist” because “in the United States, only whites have the collective social and institutional power and privilege over people of color.” She acknowledges the occurrence of individual racist acts, but says such actions are “part of a larger system of interlocking dynamics.” Consequently, according to her standards, racism is a behavior unique to white people that cannot be demonstrated by people of color.
   Not only have all white people demonstrated racism, DiAngelo says,  but they are doomed to do so indefinitely. She suggests that there is no way for white people to grow up without being racist, because white parents cannot raise their children in such a way that they do not benefit from and perpetuate racism in America. Not only that, but white parents cannot teach their children not to be racially prejudiced, and if they train their children not to express racism verbally, they are only teaching censorship.    Further, she suggests, race always influences a situation, so there is nothing coincidental about the color of someone’s skin and any conflict in which they are involved: “On some level, race is always at play, even in its supposed absence.”    Another concept DiAngelo redefines is that of white supremacy.        “White supremacy describes the culture we live in, a culture that positions white people and all that is associated with them (whiteness) as ideal. White supremacy is more than the idea that whites are superior to people of color; it is the deeper premise that supports this idea—the definition of whites as the norm or standard for human, and people of color as a deviation from that norm.”    Under this description -- which neglects to acknowledge the impact of its traditional connotations, such as ties to the KKK -- all white behavior can be categorized as not only racist but also as white supremacist. No one likes to be broadly categorized, but the author anticipates that and understands such behavior to be yet another manifestation of white fragility.
   DiAngelo asserts that black women were unable to vote until 1964, explains that “there was no concept of race before the need to justify the enslavement of Africans,” and ultimately descends into reflecting on the nature of white and black identity.        “White is a false identity, an identity of false superiority. In that sense, whiteness isn’t real. The dream is the 'perfect world,' unpolluted by blacks. If whites are to construct this world, blacks must be separated through state violence. Yet they still must exist, for the existence of blacks provides the needed other against which whites may rise. Thus, white identity depends in particular on the projection of inferiority onto blacks and the oppression this inferior status justifies for the white collective.”
   The book’s primary points, distilled:     - White people must acknowledge the grim consequences of their actions, although they are far too frail to do so
    - White people are responsible to repair a system in which racism runs rampant, although nothing they can do will ever be enough     - White guilt is unhelpful because it does not advance any real change, although white people must reflect seriously on the extent of what they have done     - White people should be appalled at what they have brought about, although 'white women’s tears' only exacerbate the situation and reinforce white privilege
   You're Welcome, America!

@_date: 2020-07-31 20:37:53
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Mozilla's Firefox can go to hell! 
FireFox's new multi-process "Web Content" process (per tab) is now being forced on Debian Sid users, hitting 70% CPU consistently at all times, even with all plugins disabled and a browser restart.
Effing, morons!
In time, FireFox will now be replaced.
Such stupidity, in this case from Mozilla, must receive a suitable response in the market of browsers.  And it shall.  A price will be paid, if it takes 10 years or more!
And whilst we're ranting, Gnome's "force Apple OSX style UI/ window decorations in all desktops", violating the floss world's multitude of options for "desktop environment", means we now have multiple window styles, one for each "desktop's" apps, e.g. XFCE standard apps, and Gnome's sucky OSX enforced windows for Evince, Epiphany, etc.
Opinionated morons everywhere saying "oh, but it's got to have all these features running simultaneously" or "oh but all windows must be consistent so let's force _our_ window style on our apps".

@_date: 2020-08-01 14:11:54
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: FJWs: Facial Justice Warriors unite! -- Re: what is "Herd Immunity"? 
Well gee, Juanagger, I'll leave it to Z to respond to your overly flattering compliments, he's such a humble fellow we can be sure you've really embarrassed him this time :D
Also, just love the way you always look for the comedy in a situation, it's really edifying, at this rate you might even get _me_ to be humble.  I know, I know,  don't mention it brother...
Whilst we're on the topic of edifying comedy to lighten our collective load, Andrew Dickens coins a phrase I just  know  you're going to chuckle over …
Gat any Facial Justice Warriors down in Mozambiquador where yu from, muh nagger?
Have at 'em wid dis tasty deeish:
   In a world of poverty and injustice, mask-hating Facial Justice Warriors have finally found a cause worth fighting for
         With limited time and passion to give to causes, it’s crucial we choose ours well. So well done Facial Justice Warriors for ignoring other issues until a fight worth fighting came along – being asked to occasionally wear a mask       Bob Geldof once spoke of compassion fatigue: the notion that we have limited emotional resources when it comes to ‘doing our bit’ for a good cause. We can’t help everyone all the time, so it’s important to choose your battles wisely.
      This is why I salute the Facial Justice Warriors (FJWs), a term I have coined for those people tirelessly and selflessly campaigning against rarely-enforced laws requiring them to wear a face mask for a few minutes if they happen to be, say, in a shop or on a bus, in an attempt to slow the spread of Covid-19. 
      While others have spent their precious energy campaigning against things like poverty, crime and injustice, the FJWs have bided their time, waiting for a really serious issue to trigger their activism. And now they have it: an annoying dress code.
      We’ve had anti-mask marches, we’ve had Bible-quoting mask truthers marching through supermarkets (warning: the truth may differ from truther to truther), we’ve had a wave of maskless selfies from brave FJWs risking the wrath of apathetic teenage shop assistants and, of course, we’ve had the FJW online battalions warning us of the             And what warriors they are
      ...

@_date: 2020-06-02 09:45:37
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: kick da habit - "If she can do it, I can too!" - Two-Year-Old Checks 
Two-Year-Old Checks Into Rehab For 'Paw Patrol' Addiction
         CHARLOTTE, NC—“No job is too big, no pup is too small.” The slogan of the problem-solving team on Nickelodeon’s Paw Patrol carries with it a sense of irony for one of its viewers, two-year-old Madison Gardner. Resisting the desire to watch just one more episode of the cartoon has proved to be too big a job for the toddler. The young girl has realized she would be perfectly content to sit and watch the puppies from Adventure Bay for every waking moment of her life. When asked about the issue, she demonstrated her deep-seated addiction with her response, mindlessly repeating “Paw Troll? Paw Troll?” while twitching violently.
      ...
It's too cute to copy pasta the rest, so you'll just have to imagine the following 5 paragraphs.
You know what you need to do... kick your habit - if she can do it, you can too :)
[Nuns excluded.]

@_date: 2020-06-04 23:15:46
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Livin the BatSoup Dream -- Re: A vote for "D" is a vote for Xi - 
Hey hey, livin it up in Bat Stew land?  NO?  Well sweriously muh n.gs, you ain't not knowin what yuze missin :)
One could say "At least the CCP (Chinese Communist Party) has a sense of black humour."
   Hong Kong Makes "Disrespecting Chinese National Anthem" A Crime - On Anniversary Of 'Tiananmen Square'
         As if the imposition of a new "National Security" law by the Politburo Standing Committee wasn't enough of a kick to the face for Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement, the city's own executive council, which over the years has been packed with pro-Beijing lawmakers via anti-democratic tactics, has just made it illegal to "disrespect" the Chinese national anthem.
      What's worse: the new law, perhaps the biggest move by the legislature to suppress political freedoms in the city to date, was passed on the anniversary of "the June 4 incident" - better known in the US as the Tiananmen Square massacre, which WSJ noted is a "poignant day" for Hong Kong.
            For the first time, the HK Tiananmen vigil is banned.
            Anyone calling the crackdown on demonstrators here “America’s Tiananmen” is being facile.
            We’re able to talk honestly about our flawed past and move the moral needle. For 31 years, China has buried the memory of Tiananmen.
            — Melissa Chen ( June 4, 2020
                  Many suspect that the law was passed as part of an effort mandated by Beijing to crack down on an annual vigil to honor the victims, which the authorities are refusing to allow this year for the first time since the incident occurred.
            The vote was held on a poignant day in Hong Kong, where for the first time in 30 years, authorities refused permission for a mass vigil to mourn the deaths of the pro-democracy students gunned down by Chinese soldiers in Tiananmen Square 31 years ago. Police objected to the vigil, citing social-distancing rules amid the continuing coronavirus pandemic, and threatened to arrest those who violated the ban.
      ...
There are regimes, and there are regimes.

@_date: 2020-06-06 17:24:18
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: the USA 'Left' wildly successful with riots -- Re: US Protesters 
Minneapolis, Umbrella Men, Antifa
So, the "Liberal Lefty Lunatics" in the USA have been, on the political front, wildly successful - Trump's approval figures amongst the Black population have just plummetted, Democrat run cities are saying "good riddence" to the white priviledged patriachy of businesses, and to top it all off, Soros' public image has improved by huge percentage points and so a Democrat revival leading into November is a certainty.
.. or something.
Ahem, read on muh grits :D :D
   Rasmussen: Black Approval For Trump Surges To Over 40%
    Paul Joseph Watson via Summit News,
            Despite the recent riots over police brutality, Rasmussen has indicated that black approval for the job President Trump is doing is now over 40%.
         “Our Daily Presidential Tracking poll today shows Black Likely Voter approval of the job  is now over 40%,” tweeted the polling agency.
               The full results of the poll are yet to be published, but the number suggests that the media’s campaign to frame Trump’s response to the riots as draconian and racist has completely failed.
      .. For comparison, back in August 2019, Rasmussen’s numbers showed black support for Trump hovering at around 26%.
            Several polls conducted in December 2019 also showed black support for Trump over 30%.
            With the economy starting to bounce back and May seeing a record 2.5 million jobs added, the numbers will be encouraging for Trump, who as recently as last month saw his overall job approval job sink to a two-year low.
   Chicago Mayor Begs Walmart, Other Looted Retailers Not To Abandon City
         [picture of apropos perfection of Mayor Lightfoot, not attached - you know you want to see it :)]
      While Chicago officials give slaps on the wrist to arrested protesters, Mayor Lori Lightfoot is begging Walmart and other major retailers who were hit by looting and vandalism to reopen their doors despite riots over the killing of George Floyd by a Minnesota police officer who now faces charges for second-degree murder.
            Lightfoot held a conference call with Walmart and the other retailers when she pleaded with them not to abandon Chicago, according to WBBM.
            "I think in the case of Walmart, what they were focused on was assessing the damage. They are doing an effort to donate fresh produce, to the extent of what's left so it doesn't perish, and other perishables, and they are talking their time, as I would expect," she said.
         There were earlier reports that Walmart expected to rebuild all stores trashed by looters and vandals, but company officials later said they would open some stores and would not say which ones.
         The Mayor said most of the others said they are committed to Chicago. She said she hopes Walmart follows suit. -WBBM
               "My hope is that they will come back," said Lightfoot. "But I got a resounding, 'Mayor, this is our city, this is our home,' from a lot of other retailers and I would hope that Walmart would follow suit."
   In Rare Statement, Soros Denies Paying Protesters To Riot
         Following accusations that paid protesters are hijacking the George Floyd protests and inciting riots, George Soros' Open Society Foundation has issued a rare statement claiming that he - nor anyone else, is funding the chaos.
[Riiiight.  Yep, glad we cleared THAT one up.  Mm hmm...]
         .. We are appalled by this attempt to delegitimize the genuine outpouring of anger and concern from people in the U.S. and around the world.
      Open Society's statement claims that "We abhor violence of any kind, and will not allow the destructive acts of a few to distract us from the crucial work of coming together and forging a better future for all of our neighbors."
            Soros then claims that the Open Society Foundation nor "any other" are funding protests.
[You see, Soros and OSF know all protesters, all lefty liberals, all financing of all protests, and they can tell you that no one but they do the financing of these things without coordinating with Soros first, and there's literally no one else in the world financing this shit except for Soros, so it cannot possibly be anyone else! Glad we cleared -that- one up :D]
      Many began to question whether the protests have an organized, staged component after piles of mysterious bricks were discovered in major protest towns,
            and a video of what appears to be an organizer paying a protester emerged.
[But if anything, Soros has just told us that this coordination and these 'protest' resources are NEVER paid for, not by ANYone EVER. Says Soros. Really really glad Soros cleared this one up. I would have had doubts otherwise.]
      .. In 2016, Clinton operative Robert Creamer - who visited the Obama white house nearly 350 times -
            'stepped back' from his role as an organizer after a Project Veritas undercover video revealed a discussion on paying agitators to incite violence at Trump rallies in 2016.
            "One of the things we do is we stage very authentic grassroots protests right in their faces at their own events. Like, we infiltrate," said Creamer's former minion, Scott Foval.
            ...
Just remember boys and girls, leftists, and especially ANTIFA, would never, ever, co-opt any peaceful protest ever, anywhere ever, for their violent disruptive chaos... and Soros, Obama and others would never, ever arrange direct or indirect payment to such folks. Ever.
Did I mention 'never ever'?

@_date: 2020-06-12 11:55:51
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [MINISTRY] [CENSORSHIP] - GoFundMe defunds black woman for 
Straight from one Jewish faction of social subversion and perpetual undermine comes one of the greatest "straight faced Jewish ironies" the likes of which we see quite regularly these days, as a black woman (the conservative, Candace Owens) is de-funded by the classically anti-goy GoFundMe, for criticising a black man (George Floyd):
   'NoFundThem' - Conservative Commentator's Fundraising Blocked Over Floyd Criticism
     Jonathan Turley,
            I previously wrote a column about the rising calls by Democratic leaders and activists for different forms of public and private censorship. Indeed, the recent extreme demands and controversy at the New York Times shows how speech controls have been a virtual article of faith for many.  Twitter’s actions against Trump tweets are another example of the inconsistent use of such controls.
                        Now GoFundMe has taken it upon itself to censor causes that it views as offensive in closing down a fundraiser by conservative political commentator Candace Owens in support of an Alabama cafe whose co-owner criticized the George Floyd protests.
                  The question again is not whether we agree with such sentiments but the free speech implications of these forms of private censorship.  Rather than respond to such controversial statements, critics today focus on silencing the speakers or barring their views or causes to be heard by others.  What is interesting is that, by abandoning neutrality, GoFundMe is now affirming that it does regulate content and will face demands for more such action. That could undermine the position of these companies against the loss of immunity under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act.
            Birmingham’s Parkside Cafe, whose co-owner Michael Dykes said Floyd was a “thug” and protesters were “idiots” in a text message to a co-worker that was posted online.  The comments in my view were offensive and inflammatory but they are not my views.  Dykes was expressing his personal view and the result is that he was given death threats and the cafe boycotted.
      Owens, who is African American, shared the views of Dykes. She has also been criticized for statement like this one:
            “The fact that he has been held up as a martyr sickens me. George Floyd was not a good person, I don’t care who wants to spin that. I don’t care how CNN wants to make you think he changed his life around, He was just after his sixth or fifth stint in prison.”
      On Sunday, Owens disclosed that her campaign to support Dykes’ cafe was suspended by GoFundMe after the company found her fundraiser “to be in support of hate, violence, harassment, bullying, discrimination, terrorism, or intolerance of any kind.”
            After raising $205,000 in a few hours  decided to halt my campaign for the Parkside Cafe in Alabama. At their discretion, they deemed that funds raised for a conservative business constitutes “intolerance”
            They WILL however give the funds raised thus far to the cafe... pic.twitter.com/Mfw88iDKRi
               — Candace Owens ( June 7, 2020
                     Owens ironically on Twitter:
         “Guess my message to little kids would be for them not to idolize men that: Get high on fentanyl, get high on meth, use counterfeit bills, shove guns into the stomaches of pregnant women while robbing them, go to prison 5 times. What a truly horrible message I carry.”
          — Candace Owens ( June 7, 2020
                Again, my interest is not in the content of these comments but the role of previously neutral forums to engage in content based private censorship.  Both the owner and Owens were expressing their views of Floyd.  Many other have expressed equally controversial opinions about police officers, Trump, and others.  Will they all be now banned from raising charitable donations?
      The immunity under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act is based on the theory that these sites are not responsible for content. Courts have interpreted the provision to give sweeping immunity for companies like Twitter and Facebook because they simply supply a forum for others to express themselves. These cites are now actively engaged in forms of private censorship.
      As many on this blog will attest, I take a simple approach to free speech.  The solution to any bad speech is good speech, not silencing of those with whom you disagree. I would take the same position with shutting down voices on the left as with the right.  GoFundMe is a forum for people to express themselves through fundraising.  It, like Twitter, is an important place for people to engage in free speech and association.  I do not see why that mission is not enough.  GoFundMe does not have to endorse such causes to allow people to gather at its site.  Now however there will be additional claims made by those who want to silence people with opposing views. GoFundMe has invited such demands by engaging in content-based regulation.

@_date: 2020-06-12 15:27:59
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Surveillance Advocacy 
OK Marxos, a jot of homework for ya, please do tell us where the word Satan comes from, and don't chicken out on us either.
That is true, and further, that somewhere high up, some smallish number of actual humans actually discussed and at one point actually decided to run this massive virus drill, and to run it as realistically as possible.
In other words, because it's a drill, it's largely a hoax or actual conspiracy.
Now some might say that 'saving' the West from China is a good enough, and indeed highly important and eminently justifying reason for this 'valid' drill to ultimately hold China to account for some of their many many outpoints.... but that does not (unfortunately) remove the fact that this virus has as yet failed to mutate into something biologically very significant, though I am very grateful for this fact, since the political significance of China's many failures and outright blights, is entirely sufficient to the cause of holding China to account, so ultimately win win win :)
Hard to disagree that folks have a right while in public, to make recordings of what they see and hear...

@_date: 2020-06-12 15:38:01
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Whether To Design Open Source Public Records Equipment 
The Z.g approves!
Such may be at times challenging, confronting, liberating, enlightening and a bit of a wild ride.
But, the alternative is to never doubt "your superiors" ... and more fundamentally, to suffer the consequences of never doubting "your superiors" ...

@_date: 2020-06-12 15:41:26
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Personal Black Box? 
Dang - dat be true ya mangey muffaluggerah :)
Tanks for tha thought,

@_date: 2020-06-13 22:19:02
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [gilmay97@gmail.com: Fwd: Undercover Investigation Minneapolis Riot 
As grarpamp recently pointed out, "protests" often seem to be either coordinated by one large political faction or another, or get coopted as such.
As such, it is sadly, absolutely no surprise to see Trump's CHAD Zone:
   Trump Establishes Manlier CHAD Camp Next To CHAZ Camp
   On more mundaine matters, some history for ya buffs:
   A Brief History Of Antifa: Part I
     Soeren Kern via The Gatestone Institute,

@_date: 2020-06-13 22:33:54
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Your body's natural immune system ought NEVER be trusted -- Re: If 
Remember goys and gals, your own body's natural immune system should be treated with the utmost suspicion - in fact, we should not even talk about this taboo subject at all!!
Bill Gates is very wealthy, and he has a really big cheesy smile, so he must really know what he's talking about, and that's really all we need to know - just one of life's lovely little certainties:
    We Don't Need No Stinking Vaccine For COVID-19
      Jeff Harris via The Ron Paul Institute for Peace & Prosperity,
            .. With the 24/7 media circus coverage of Covid-19 I find it particularly interesting that there is an obvious glaring omission of some extremely important facts relative to dealing with a virus, especially one that is allegedly so virulent like this one. Yes, I read all about the critical need to shelter in place, stay inside away from other people, wash your hands constantly, avoid touching your eyes, nose or mouth, wear your face mask and by all means observe social distancing if you MUST venture outside for food!
      .. But what is assiduously avoided at all cost is any reference to our most potent defense against any virus; our body’s natural immune system. Try as I might I couldn’t find anything about this first line of defense on the World Health Organizations (WHO) website or Centers for Disease Control (CDC) website. It’s as if it doesn’t exist and is completely irrelevant.
      If these organizations were genuinely concerned about the health of citizens they would obviously discuss the vital role a healthy immune system plays in protecting us from illnesses. But since they don’t its obvious some other motive is at work, at least to me, and I strongly suspect to other critical thinkers as well.
      We now know from the science and data that over 90% of the people exposed to Covid-19 have no symptoms at all or at worst a mild cold. The flu vaccines we have are only effective 30% to 60% of the time and the bugs change regularly so a vaccine that worked OK last year may barely work at all this year. Let’s learn some more about our body’s immune system.
      ...
 Subject: Your body's natural immune system ought NEVER be trusted -- Re: If it says "Vaccination" on the label, inject it immediately - Re: We have the right to choose which medications, substances and objects are inserted into our body. -- Re: Denmark mandatory COVID vaccinations

@_date: 2020-06-13 23:38:18
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Soros told the truth!! -- Re: the USA 'Left' wildly successful with 
Floyd Murdered in Minneapolis, Umbrella Men, Antifa
Anudda week, anuddah shoah :D
Today Project Veritas takes the wrecking ball to none other than everybody's favourite ANTIFA sugar daddy, George Soros ...
Almost exacty one week after dey Soros made rare public statement (see O.P. further below) explicitly denying "paying protesters", he be pinged muh muffaluggerahs :D
   Project Veritas Video Shows “Refuse Fascism” Leader Admitting Donations Received from George Soros
         June 13, 2020
      We’ve got a brand new Project Veritas video that will knock your socks off.
         BREAKING: George Soros and  named as financial supporters of  national organizers
         “We did get a grant from [Soros]”
         “We’re trying to meet with  political ambitions…not want to be directly connected” pic.twitter.com/7cBIcPjrsp
         — Project Veritas ( June 11, 2020
      This guy could just be dropping names on the fly to exaggerate the importance of his Antifa spin-off organization.
      But does anyone really think George Soros would just sit back and watch a Cultural Revolution take place in America, and not throw money at it?
      RT:
               As part of its series of undercover videos exposing left-wing organizations like Antifa, Project Veritas released footage claiming to show far-left Democrat activists bragging about George Soros funding and political connections.
         Tom Steyer – who unsuccessfully campaigned for the Democratic Party’s presidential nomination for 2020  – and liberal financier George Soros are both named as financial contributors in the new clip on Refuse Fascism, an organization dedicated to removing President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence from office.
      Steyer and Soros are both Jewish, for anyone keeping score on that front. The Jews recently published an article declaring that Antifa is a Jewish organization.
            ...
and on and on the merry-go-round goes... you know you love it :)

@_date: 2020-06-13 23:49:41
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Maimonides, muh n.ggas :D 
[pics not attached - you just know ya don't wanna see 'em :D]
   What About Maimonides, My Niggaz?
         Members of the Sub-Saharan slave diaspora are busy googling the names of old white guys they had never even heard of before, doing word searches on their books for “negro,” “black,” “race,” “slavery,” etc., looking for an excuse to tear their statues down.
      Moslems who consider Muhammad the Slave Trader to be the Perfect Man are tearing down the statues of white people because they traded slaves.
      .. Another Cordoba statue is notably absent from the Jew hit lists, however: that of Moses Ben Maimonides.
      Maimonides is considered the greatest Jewish sage of all time. He read through all the nonsense of the Talmud and extracted its behavioral rules into the Mishneh Torah, including the one that said if a Jew could save a drowning Christian, he should just let him drown instead.
      But where did Maimonides stand on the Black Lives Matter question? According to Maimonides, Black Lives Didn’t Matter Very Much.
      In his supposed masterwork, A Guide for the Perplexed, the great man said this:
         Those who are incapable of attaining to supreme religious values include the black colored people and those who resemble them in their climates. Their nature is like the mute animals. Their level among existing things is below that of a man and above that of a monkey.
      Here’s another translation of the same passage. [Note: Cushites = negroes]:
         … Such are the extreme Turks that wander about in the north, the Cushites who live in the south, and those in our country who are like these. I consider these as irrational beings, and not as human beings; they are below mankind, but above monkeys, since they have the form and shape of man, and a mental faculty above that of the monkey.
      .. Where are the mobs tearing down his statue? OK, there aren’t enough blacks in Cordoba to form a decent-sized mob. But what about Washington, DC, where a plaque to Maimonides stands in the US Capitol building? There should be plenty of tooled-up bruthas there.
      ...

@_date: 2020-06-16 21:50:40
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: 2020, year of 98ft, 10,000 mph asteroids exploding in atmosfear 
OK, soap, apteroids muh grits!  Big, bad, unpredictable asteroids.
For those who missed the memo, Australia just had a muffaducker of a sly nigt sky fly by :)
But let's have a little think about this ... more below.
   ‘Martians Have Hit’: Glowing Fireball Turns Australian Sky Green in Jaw-Dropping Sighting
         Astronomers believe that the object was an asteroid about 570 meters in diameter that passed our planet at a safe distance. Some users have suggested that it was part of a rocket launched recently.
      An emerald green fireball was seen streaking across the night sky over Australia over the weekend.
      Users have posted footage of the spectacular sighting on social media (check out here, here and here).
                        “Martians have hit the Pilbara,” wrote one skygazer in a remote region of Western Australia. “Next phase of 2020 incoming!”
            Glen Nagle, a manager at NASA’s Canberra Deep Space Communication Complex, said there had been reports of sightings as far away as the Northern Territory and South Australia.
          “It was really a spectacular observation” he told local media. “People have captured something very special here.”
      There has been some speculation among social media users that the object could have been the debris from a rocket, but astronomers said it was likely an asteroid, given that space debris tend to emit crackles and sparks and also burn up quickly, which was not the case with the fireball in question.
      According to 9News, astronomers believe that the object was an asteroid called 2002 NN4, which was earlier predicted to pass by Earth this past Saturday. It has an estimated diameter of 1,870 feet (570 meters) across and was expected to come within roughly 5.2 million kilometres from Earth, 13 times further away than the moon.
      Soap muh fella w.ggers, what could be the fuss?
Firstly, let's realise the magnitude of this teeny snippet from the Nine News link above:
   "Earlier today, other astronomers said they believed it could have been Asteroid 2002 NN4, which was scheduled to pass Earth about 11.20pm yesterday.
    That asteroid is estimated to be the size of six football fields, with estimated diameter of up to 570 metres, according to the Centre for Near Earth Object Studies.
        Despite being clearly visible, the asteroid was about 5.2 million kilometres away from our planet, 13 times further away than the moon, NASA says, so there was no risk of it hitting the Earth.
    "
Now there be some hogwash folksies, as thangs flying by Earth don't "get heat up so much in our atmosphere that they glow as they streak through it", unless they actually pass through actual atmosphere;
and Earth's atmosphere has layers, onion boy:
   Atmosphere of Earth
         .. From highest to lowest, the five main layers are:
        - Exosphere: 700 to 10,000 km (440 to 6,200 miles)
        - Thermosphere: 80 to 700 km (50 to 440 miles)[18]
        - Mesosphere: 50 to 80 km (31 to 50 miles)
        - Stratosphere: 12 to 50 km (7 to 31 miles)
        - Troposphere: 0 to 12 km (0 to 7 miles)[19]
      Exosphere
      The exosphere is the outermost layer of Earth's atmosphere (i.e. the upper limit of the atmosphere). It extends from the exobase, which is located at the top of the thermosphere at an altitude of about 700 km above sea level, to about 10,000 km (6,200 mi; 33,000,000 ft) where it merges into the solar wind.
      This layer is mainly composed of extremely low densities of hydrogen, helium and several heavier molecules including nitrogen, oxygen and carbon dioxide closer to the exobase. The atoms and molecules are so far apart that they can travel hundreds of kilometers without colliding with one another. Thus, the exosphere no longer behaves like a gas, and the particles constantly escape into space. These free-moving particles follow ballistic trajectories and may migrate in and out of the magnetosphere or the solar wind.
            The exosphere is located too far above Earth for any meteorological phenomena to be possible. However, the aurora borealis and aurora australis sometimes occur in the lower part of the exosphere, where they overlap into the thermosphere. The exosphere contains most of the satellites orbiting Earth.
            And under exosphere we read similar:
   Upper boundary of Earth
      In principle, the exosphere covers distances where particles are still gravitationally bound to Earth, i.e. particles still have ballistic orbits that will take them back towards Earth. The upper boundary of the exosphere can be defined as the distance at which the influence of solar radiation pressure on atomic hydrogen exceeds that of Earth's gravitational pull. This happens at half the distance to the Moon (the average distance between Earth and the Moon is 384,400 kilometres (238,900 mi)). The exosphere, observable from space as the geocorona, is seen to extend to at least 10,000 kilometres (6,200 mi) from Earth's surface.
So "The exosphere is located too far above Earth for any meteorological phenomena to be possible."  Mm hmm.  That's interesting, as meteor phenomena require the denser atmosphere as it is in the lower layers.
Thiseleaves possible ionising effects, say a rotating metal object travelling through the Earth's magnetic domain (although the videos/ images of the object in question lead one to imagine some sort of burning ("exothermic") effect):
      A magnetosphere is a region of space surrounding an astronomical object in which charged particles are affected by that object's magnetic field.[1][2] It is created by a star or planet with an active interior dynamo. ..
      .. On the dayside of Earth, the magnetic field is significantly compressed by the solar wind to a distance of approximately 65,000 kilometers (40,000 mi).
   .. On Earth's nightside, the magnetic field extends in the magnetotail, which lengthwise exceeds 6,300,000 kilometers (3,900,000 mi).[3] ..
So on this basis, the object at issue, allegedly at about 3.5 million km from Earth, is potentially well within Earth's dark side magnetic field of >6.3 million km.
This however does not smell right, as the videos clearly show a firey tail, which would have to be well within the Earth's thermosphere (or below).
The light is also green, suggesting a relevant amount of copper in this object, but how would this translate to an object allegedly "at a safe distance away of around 3.5 million km away", way outside Earth's atmosphere, but at least within striking distance of Earth's magnetosphere - is 'has rotating copper core' supposed to translate into 'green magnetic field effect'?  Perhaps someone with sufficient physics knowledge will answer this for us...
In any case, this videoed object certainly appears to be a typical, perhaps rather large, meteor type of object travelling, and more importantly burning, though our atmosphere ... so "hey you object, get orf mah lawn!"
Now for lé punché line: if these initial reports are correct and this is the same object identified back in 2002 as "2002 NN4", and which was meant to pass by at a distance of around 13 LD (lunar distances) 8 days earlier accoding to NASA:
      (JavaShaft alert)
then we can say with certainty that some combination of the following must be true:
   - that NASA's mathematical calculations have a serious problem
   - that the 2020-06-14 (or 15?) object is a completely different object to 2002_NN4

@_date: 2020-06-17 15:55:19
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: "batshit insane Austrian school blog" too influential for the 
TFW your "batshit insane Austrian school blog" has become so influential, the (((lame stream Jewdia))) blackbans and demonetizes you, and even Jack "made billionaire king by the Jewish bankers" Dorsey is not allowed to 'follow' your stream :D
Folks, by just about relevant measure in this period of history, ZeroHedge is kicking that ball right outta the park :)
(Hey, they got more feathers in their cap than most these days - not particularly hard to do, but most are evidently too compromised to be able to do so ... amazing times hey.)
What the Demonrats fail to realize is that, no matter how sophisticated their 'ban/ shadow ban/ demonetize' protocol is, ultimately every such "shut it down" success is another feather in the cap of him who is targetted (look up the Streissand Effect if you missed that memo).
Remember goys and gals, Google is a censor, influencer, chooser, therefore a publisher.
   Google Demonetizes Zero Hedge

@_date: 2020-06-17 16:10:53
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: CHAZ "autonomous" zone firing on all cylinders :D 
So for those who missed the memo, some "anarchists" created the Capital Hill Autonomous Zone.  Literally.  Kicked out the police and all.
And the adventures in Autonomous Anarchist utopia continue daily of course:
   CHAZ Occupier Suggests "Rounding Up All The White People" Into Work Brigades
     Paul Joseph Watson via Summit News,
            A post that appeared on the subreddit for the Seattle ‘CHAZ’ autonomous zone that has been taken over by left-wing extremists suggests rounding up all the white people and organizing them into forced work brigades.
      That’s right. Some of the very same people protesting against racism and slavery want to enslave people based on their skin color.
      So progressive!
      .. It was previously revealed that BLM occupiers were demanding white people each hand over $10 to their CHAZ comrades as a form of reparations.
      As we highlight in the video below, CHAZ has quickly descended into the chaos and violent anarchy we all fully expected, although the media still ludicrously describes it as peaceful and friendly.
            ...
Oh Lord please let this entertainment continue.

@_date: 2020-06-19 17:20:00
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: "Leftist" activists literally hunt down POC -- Re: Basic arithmetic 
"The left" are called lunatics for a reason... as humorous as all this "do not discern good from bad" anti-wisdom is, the consequences for POC is anything but positive...
   Activists Fight Racism By Driving All People Of Color Out Of Pop Culture
         U.S.—Activists are fighting racism by demanding that people of color be removed from all media, brands, logos, mascots, and anywhere else they might pop up.
      "Anywhere we see a person of color, we see racism. So we must end racism by making sure people of color are not depicted anywhere," said white liberal activist Petunia Faucett. "We will not rest until all pop culture icons of color are eliminated. Then, racism will be over."
      Activists across the country cheered as another pop culture icon of color was removed this morning. "We worked hard to achieve this goal, and the day is finally here," Faucett said. "But our work is not done. We must be vigilant to hunt down people of color on butter tubs, syrup bottles, cartoons, and bags of rice, and take them out of the public consciousness."
      "When only white people are shown as mascots, cartoon characters, and brand logos, we will have truly arrived at our diverse, racism-free future."
TFW it's satire, but it's true, but it's satire, but it's ....

@_date: 2020-06-20 13:36:29
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: "Leftist" activists literally hunt down POC -- Re: Basic 
Awww .. what a sweetie.
I hear they make really nice food where you come from - was that "BlackLand" or ?

@_date: 2020-06-21 01:29:16
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Test list [gmail.com] 
I understand most folks prefer to feed the MSM/ Silicon Valley beast, but there are alternatives out there like Yandex - but Google definitely needs support to profile everyone properly, and I heard years ago that "Google Is Your Friend", so you should def keep using Gmail for sure ...

@_date: 2020-06-21 12:02:24
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Industrial society and its present 
Oh come on - surely tracking anuses means we're advancing?

@_date: 2020-06-22 01:47:09
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Black memes are now hate crimes -- Re: [MINISTRY] [CENSORSHIP] - 
Welp, the Ministry is in overdrive trying to shut down memes - especially those tweeted by the president of the USA - and especially specially dank Black toddler memes targetting CNN.
Literally can't make this up - daily life in the Grand Ole U S of A, is now such an intense daily cluster check of glorious memes that this be daily blows all comedy shows to shreds.
Soap, on with Twitter and CNN's latest own goal with Twitter's CEO Jack Dorsey firmly planting feathers in the cap of Donald Trump like feathers are going out of style:
   Twitter Joke Police Flag Trump Meme as Manipulated, Remove It for Copyright
      Andrew Anglin, June 20, 2020
         ..       — Donald J. Trump ( June 19, 2020
      [That was a meme of a very young pair of toddlers with a possibly, possibly presumably, fake CNN chiron
       saying "Terrified toddler runs from racist baby"]
       Twitter decided that it was necessary to inform people that this was in fact not a real video from CNN, inserting a “manipulated media” tag into Trump’s tweet.
       Following that action, they decided to go ahead and delete the tweet entirely, claiming that it violated copyright.
       Of course, it didn’t violate copyright. You’re allowed to use little clips from things to make memes under the doctrine of “fair use.”
       I think the whole situation must have been embarrassing to them, having felt the need to inform people that a piece of humor was “doctored,” as if they are so humorless they saw the video and wondered themselves if it had actually run on CNN.
       This might just seem like a funny, silly situation. But it is something that we should take note of. When the current revolutionary system achieves its goal of completely taking over law enforcement, jokes will be considered serious business. “High Crimes and Memedemeanors,” they may call it.
       The new cops, which will be called “social workers,” absolutely will show up to your house for memes you posted on the internet. There is zero chance that this will not happen.
       It will likely happen to you personally if you don’t take my advice and get outside of the main cities.
       Beyond that, censoring Trump’s tweet was just about flexing on him, showing just how far they’re going to go in manipulating his prospects in the election, and gloating that there is nothing he can do about it.
If you want civilization, ya might have to move to Russia:
   Viral Images Of Putin's 'Cathedral Of War' Like "A Glimpse Of An Alien Civilization"
         [awesome pics not attached]

@_date: 2020-06-22 13:59:26
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Industrial society and its present 
If you wanted me to, but only if you actually wanted, I would pray for you, our resident dank n.gger ... personal freedom of will, is sacrosanct, and any violation of that free will --is-- an offense of course, notwithstanding the misunderstanding of many "Christians".
Wigglesworth did not do such amazing healings in very recent decades, by his own authority, not according to what he claimed anyway - he only ever, upon request and request only, prayed to another authority ...
You of all folks ought realise that authorities are authorities - including, and fundamentally so, one's own (non external) authority, whether a fellow n.gger can see this or not ...
That may well be true.
But as grarpamp and others have pointed out many times, a hammer, a lathe and a semi-automatic gun are all tools, just like that other "tool of oppression" - that keyboard you type on nearly every day :)
Sometimes the smallest acknowledgement - not even of an individual stating the obvious but merely of the obvious fact itself, can go a long way to warming the temperature in a room.
Good luck ya mangey muffa,

@_date: 2020-06-23 14:01:15
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Bears can swim - =?utf-8?B?KOKMkOKWoF/ilqApIC0tIFJlOiAiSGUncyBu?= 
=?utf-8?Q?=22?= -- Re: Moar Woar Poarn - Fw: Raqqa drift! Oh yeah :D
Who knew bears ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ could swim?
       ▄▌▐▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▌
    ▄▄██▌█ TOOT TOOT
 ▄▄▄▌▐██▌█ ICBM DELIVERY   ʕ⌐■_■ʔ
 ███████▌█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▌
 ▀(
Impressive stuff:
   Russia's Newest Cutting Edge Submarine, the Supe-Quiet, Nuke Carrying 'Prince Vladimir'
   And a good collection of ASCII 'moticonicons - check out  :
   List of All ASCII Emoticons
      ----- Forwarded message -----

@_date: 2020-06-26 01:41:53
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Ooh ... she -really- mad! - "I am done, with you're bull shit!" 
Gen Z chick-a-roo just gone done got really, really mad!
Did I mention "she got mad?"
Coz you know, she....
   One Gen Z'er Dares To Speak Out: "I'm Done With Your Bull$hit!"
          The HYPOCRISY is Unbelievable! 💥
       MUST WATCH & RT!!!! 👇🏼 pic.twitter.com/hH5aP9uk3c
           — TONY™️ ( June 22, 2020
                      ~6MiB

@_date: 2020-06-26 21:41:55
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Superseding indictment of Julian Assange as of 6/24/2020 
Rumour has it that amongst the NatSec "pro"s there is even one non-CIA anonymous "hacker" in existence ... somewhere..

@_date: 2020-06-26 23:01:15
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: BET founder Robert Johnson: "black people should be consulted before 
made"
Woah muh n.gger, a little too much truth there bruh....
   BET Founder Says "Black People Laugh At White People" Toppling Statues
     Alex Nitzberg via JustTheNews.com,
            BET founder Robert Johnson during a Wednesday interview with Fox News described people toppling statues as "borderline anarchists" and pushed back against the idea that black people support such behavior, suggesting instead that they "laugh" at those who knock down the statues.
          "You know black people, in my opinion, black people laugh at white people who do this, the same way we laugh at white people who say we got to take off the TV shows," he said mentioning the "Dukes of Hazard," a decades-old television program that has come under fire for featuring a car emblazoned with a Confederate flag graphic.
      He pointed out that knocking over a statue will not "close the wealth gap," "give a kid whose parent's can't afford a college money to go to college," "close the labor gap between what white workers are paid and what black workers are paid" or "take people off welfare or food stamps."
      Johnson said that whites who seek to "assuage guilt by doing things that make them feel good" would be much more reluctant to support payments for blacks.
      Referring to actions such as "changing names, toppling statues, [and] firing professors because they said all lives matter," Johnson explained that "it just shows to me that white America is continually ... incapable of recognizing that black people have their own ideas and thought about what's in their best interests."
      ...

@_date: 2020-06-27 14:09:29
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: BET founder Robert Johnson: "black people should be consulted 
made"
No, not black.
Yes, to coin a phrase - we must believe everything our "superiors" tell us :)
By the way, I prefer to only receive one reply email, to the list, or one email in private if that's your preferred thing.  Having to delete the dupes ought be not neccessary.
So ya reckon there's marketing AI going on? I heard that was a conspiracy?

@_date: 2020-06-28 14:02:16
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [WAR] The ministry of truth: NATO liberation of Libya, 2011 
Looks like the West's evil in Libya is being checked.  Bout bloody time too!
Russian Mercenaries Have Entered Libya's Largest Oil Field To Block Output
   Despite that Gen. Khalifa Haftar's year-long offensive to take the capital was recently was defeated and ultimately pushed back, his Libyan National Army (LNA) still controls most of the country's major oil fields.    The Benghazi-based commander has for years secured all oil fields especially in the eastern half of the country, even as Libya's official National Oil Corporation (NOC) is based in Tripoli and operates under the aegis of the UN-backed Government of National Accord (GNA).    Haftar has long used this "oil weapon" by threatening to impose a total blockade on exports. Recall that in late January and into February of this year he did just that, declaring a "catastrophic" blockade of oil fields taking output down to almost zero in order to starve Tripoli and the NOC of vital state revenues, which has continued to now.
   Oil production makes up over 90% of Libya's national revenue, via Reuters.
   With his dream of seizing Tripoli dashed, thanks in no small part to Turkey's providing significant military support to the GNA, the oil blockade appears to in force more severely than ever, but this time reportedly with Russian help.     Since last year it's been widely reported that Russian mercenary firm, the Kremlin-based Wagner Group, is embedded with pro-Haftar forces. But this latest development via Reuters on Friday will certainly raise eyebrows in Europe and Washington. The NOC is now charging that Russia is meddling in its domestic production: ...

@_date: 2020-06-30 22:59:15
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Any Cypherpunk there ? 
Hey hey, Lord Of The Masks :)
In the context of virii, wearing a mask apparently reduces the effective "spittle transmission" range, if -you- are infected - which is a potential benefit to those you may come 'close' to.
If this virus were "bad", then wearing masks may well be a community service, and not doing so could be taken as Georgian Guidestones programming results...
Have to agree that the mind is the primary virus.

@_date: 2020-06-30 23:05:00
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [OT, but curious] bye bye, 5G... 
You should change your name to "Bat-Soup Stasi 2.0" :)
A marketing (brain programming) AI inside my phone?  ...  Nahh .. that's gotta be just a conspiracy, right?
Tell me it ain't not so...

@_date: 2020-07-01 03:00:18
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: CHAZ "autonomous" zone firing on all cylinders :D 
CHAZ, "vibrant" as ever (on a daily basis no less :D) "CHOP"s ever onwards.
Nothin guite livin autonomously ...
   Seattle Police Chief Asks Why Black People Keep Dying In The 'Black Lives Matter' CHOP Zone
     Paul Joseph Watson via Summit News,
            Seattle Police Chief Carmen Best asked why two African-Americans were dead at a place that “clamed to be working for Black Lives Matter” after a 16-year-old teenager was killed inside the CHOP police-free zone.
      Despite organizers urging occupiers to abandon the CHOP zone last week, it still remains very much active and as crime-ridden as ever.
      A 19-year-old man was shot dead and another wounded during an incident in the area two weekends ago.
      That was followed by a similar incident in the early hours of Monday which left a 16-year-old dead and a 14-year-old critically wounded.
      During a press conference where she was heckled throughout by BLM supporters, Police Chief Carmen Best stated, “It’s very unfortunate that we have yet another murder in this area identified as the CHOP – two African-American men dead at a place where they claim to be working for Black Lives Matter.”
      ...

@_date: 2020-03-03 11:19:10
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Bernie's biggest supporter, literally? Trump's tweets. 
Amazing times. Memes and cartoons going off. Bernie to be taken down by the DNC while Trump tweets hard core Bernie support, and Hillary "Cause You'd be in Jail" Clinton now chasing third for DNC nomination. Seriously.
Can't make this stuff up.
  Sanders Agrees With Trump: "They're Staging A Coup Against Bernie!"
      ...
    Pete Buttigieg is OUT. All of his SuperTuesday votes will go to Sleepy Joe Biden. Great timing. This is the REAL beginning of the Dems taking Bernie out of play - NO NOMINATION, AGAIN!
     — Donald J. Trump ( March 1, 2020
    today he doubled-down, tweeting that " They are staging a coup against Bernie!"     ...
    [Over at the bookies, Hillary's "urge" now has her fourth likeliest candidate to win the DNCNNPC nomination.]
There are a lot of murdered brown people chickens to come home in America's karmic ledger.  Perhaps the madhouse circus on daily display in US media is part of The Cleansing Process (C)(N)(NPC)

@_date: 2020-03-04 09:53:33
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Trump for President Sues New York Times for Untruth, Bias, 
So what odds do we have that the Jewdicial system will find against the Jew York Times?

@_date: 2020-03-04 11:27:35
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: #SexyVixenVinyl -- Re: mail.yandex.com FTFW :D - [LIBERATING] 
Remember, muh fl.pper n.pper tr.pper tr.gger n.ggers, do -not- search yandex images for "sexy vixen vinyl" - instead keep a stiff showing and rigid dedication to yer upstanding but hard 7 day challenges, with firm resolve whilst facing tight stables of upthrusting results.
On a more serious note, Islamic refugees in Greek "refugee" camps are suffering significant gender bias - true story:
   Greek Coastguard Recorded Trolling and Trying to Sink a Migrant Raft!
      ...
      My new report on Greece for  highlights the situation for asylum seekers on the islands. While it is terrible for everyone, women and girls not only live like others in sub-standard conditions, but also face significant risks of sexual and gender-based violence.         — Devon Cone ( March 1, 2020
    Let’s just take a minute to reflect on how completely insane this situation is:
      - The war in Syria is basically over
      - These people have been living in Turkey for years
      - They are being released by Erdogan as a weapon against Europe, revenge for refusal of whites to help him in his war against Syria as he attempts to steal part of their country
    There is no way to possibly frame this as anything other than basic fraud. They are claiming to be “refugees,” but are not fleeing a war, and in fact are being used as a weapon to harm Europe.
    Mama Merkel is not going to be able to pull out her 2015 explanation again, and claim that these are all poor innocent babies who will die if they don’t live on welfare in Europe. I actually hope she tries it.
    At this point, I hope this whole thing escalates again, and these people just flood in.
    Probably, they won’t come in the same numbers. Because a big part of why so many came in 2015 is that Merkel said she wanted them to come because they would pay the pensions of old Germans by working in the high tech sector. I read many interviews with Africans and others that were making the trip, and the reason they gave was that Merkel invited them.
    Of course, it ended up that a majority of them were illiterate, even in Arabic, Urdu or Pashtun. Bound for the high tech sector they were not.
    They don’t talk about it much, but instead of paying pensions, the migrants cost Germans hundreds of billions of euros.
    The base programs between 2018 and 2021 were projected to cost nearly 80 billion, according to official numbers, which are a hoax (they remove all kinds of different costs).
    ...

@_date: 2020-03-05 13:51:03
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: "In Response To Growing Number Of Fistfights, London Mayor Bans Hands" 
In Response To Growing Number Of Fistfights, London Mayor Bans Hands
      ...  “No excuses: there is never a reason to have hands in a modern, civil society. Anyone who does will be caught, and they will feel the full force of the law,” Khan said at a press conference announcing the new policy during which he revealed that he has had his own hands surgically removed as a good-faith move to jump-start the new regulations.
    ...
  Jordan Peterson Convinces Pile Of Clean Laundry To Sort Itself Out
      TORONTO, CANADA—After noting that the pile of clean laundry was still sitting on the kitchen table where he had left it the previous day, clinical psychologist and University of Toronto professor Jordan Peterson reportedly sat down with the clothing Tuesday and convinced it to sort itself out, reports confirmed.
    “You can’t just keep lying around like this. Take some bloody responsibility! Otherwise you’ll find no meaning, no purpose,” a stoic yet impassioned Peterson said. “Move away from chaos and toward order.”
    “You want to stay unfolded and unsorted your whole life? This is just like Peter Pan. But we’re not in Neverland! Grow the [expletive] up. You’ve got to get yourself sorted out,” he added.
    At that, the large pile of clean garments is said to have folded and sorted itself at once into nice piles, separated by type and owner.
    At publishing time, the neatly folded laundry had reportedly decided to clean its room, stand up straight with its shoulders back, and always tell the truth.
  New York Times Changes Name To 'The Double Standard'
    Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone
    In Major Gaffe, Bernie Sanders Forgets Words To Communist Manifesto

@_date: 2020-03-06 10:52:25
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Cryptocurrency: Is Bitcoin Mixing a Crime? 
Have to agree, grarpamp, we defnitely are overly networked these days...

@_date: 2020-03-06 11:59:01
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Egypt missiles: from provoking all its neighbours, soon to directly 
Did I say Egypt? I meant the Chinese ^B^B actually Israel.
Israel kitting up with (US Pegasus) refueling air tanker jets, so as to be able to actively drop bombs on Iran, rather than just "all immediate neighbours".
Antagonising all your neighbours with literal bomb drops and assassinations - what could possibly go wrong?
  US to Sell Pegasus Tanker Jets to Israel, Allowing Its Fighters to Reach Iran's Territory

@_date: 2020-03-06 12:02:11
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Coronavirus: Thread 
Depends on what your goals are though, right?  Georgian guidestones..

@_date: 2020-03-08 12:08:32
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Coronavirus: Thread 
DUDE!  It's spelt be-l-ze-bub!
This si cypherPUNKS not cypherDRUNKS - sheesh =(

@_date: 2020-03-08 22:42:15
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Hillary Clinton Says Epstein Assassination Was To 'Manage Anxiety' 
Hillary Clinton Says Epstein Assassination Was To 'Manage Anxiety'
March 7th, 2020
  CHAPPAQUA, NY—In a recent interview from her wine cellar this week, Hillary Clinton revealed some of her favorite methods for dealing with stress.  "Being the president is an extremely stressful job," she told reporters. "Since I am the president, I have to deal with anxiety on a regular basis. One way to calm my nerves is with a good, old-fashioned assassination. Of course, I would never do such a thing, but If I did do something like, say, killing Jeffery Epstein, it would be a great way to cope with the demands of my very important job. Ok, I killed Epstein. I needed to do it to manage my anxieties. I feel bad about it. HAHAHAHAHAHA!"
  Hillary bemoaned the fact that since she isn't allowed in the White House or situation room for some reason, she no longer has access to handy tools like drones or Treadstone super-soldiers. "Sometimes," she said, "I have to settle for watching that prison assassination scene from Breaking Bad over a bottle of wine! Can you imagine? HAHAHAHAHAHA!"
  Let it be known that The Babylon Bee proudly supports everything Hillary Clinton does and we are glad she is our president. She is a wonderful leader and we would never do anything to ever upset her in any way.  We are also not suicidal.
In Historic Compromise, Border Wall To Be Built Around Hollywood
Biden To Defy CDC Warning To Stop Touching Other People's Faces
  [facey gropey Biden pics not attached]
  U.S.—As Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden is constantly in crowds, health officials are greatly concerned that he will catch the coronavirus -- which would be especially bad for him as he’s very, very old. Despite these concerns, Biden just can’t follow one of the CDC’s main recommendations to avoid catching the disease: Stop putting your hands all over other people’s faces.
  “It’s just so hard,” Biden told the press. “I keep thinking to myself, ‘Don’t touch people’s faces. Don’t touch people’s faces.’ But the next thing I know, there are my hands rubbing all over some person I just walked into.”
  Staffers have tried a number of methods to help train Biden to stop the behavior, such as spraying him in the face with water whenever he starts touching someone. Nothing has worked so far, but his staffers are hopeful. “It’s just a habit he has to unlearn,” said Biden staffer Melanie Chapman. “We’ll just keep working until--”
  At that point, Chapman was interrupted by Biden putting his hands all over her face. “You’re doing it again!” Chapman informed him.
  “Oh no,” Biden said. “Well, is it okay if I just rub people’s shoulders?”
  “No, that is never okay,” Chapman told him.
Opinion: If Americans Aren't Sexist, Then How Come They Refuse To Elect The Most Unlikable Women On The Planet?
  ... Yes, people often say they’re willing to vote for a woman. But if they won’t cast a vote for some of the most unlikable women on the entire planet, will they really vote for any women ever?
  ... In 2016, people had Hillary Clinton, someone so politically maladroit she barely seemed human, one of the most blatantly dishonest people anyone had ever seen, and someone people only ever heard of because of who her husband is. But she was a woman. And that just wasn’t good enough. And now we had Elizabeth Warren, an off-putting, nakedly political hack who lied about her heritage and has a bunch of unworkable plans with price tags beyond human comprehension. Though she may only be 1/1024th Native American, she is 99.9% woman. Still, people said they wanted more. Like, anything more.
  No.
  Instead, we must continue to elevate the most terrible women in this country until people finally elect one and prove they don’t hate women. This country can never, ever give in to sexism and put forward a female candidate people might actually like. Then the misogynists will win.
Ode to Belzebub
Biden tops local spelling bee with "gropeophile", whilst lauding The Bee's "Biden Shampoo" range Warren drops out of her 1/2020th campaign Paid mourners weep as Bloomberg exits primary Corona beer fails to come up with catchy meme adverts to stem sales cliff drop Warren Returns To Tribe In Shame After Failing To Take Land Back From The Pale Faces

@_date: 2020-03-09 10:46:34
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: UEFA Bans Pre-Match Sex in All Competitions Amid Coronavirus Outbreak 
Actually, just handshakes, but same diff.
  UEFA Bans Pre-Match Handshakes in All Competitions Amid Coronavirus Outbreak
  And from the "I did not have incidental relations with those politicians" department:
  ACU Chairman Says He Only Had ‘Incidental’ Contact With Coronavirus-Infected CPAC Attendee
  Johnny Depp's ex gets handy swinging a pot in Mexico:
  Women March Against Violence in Mexico City Ahead of 24-Hour Strike on Monday - Video
  Hillary Clinton tries to convince DNCNNPC candidates that if she runs with them as Vice President, they will still be alive at the end of even 1 term in office as President:
  2020 US Election: Hillary Clinton Would 'Love' to See 'Someone Becoming First Woman Vice President'
  Coronavirus world tour continues:
  Coronavirus World Tour: Stock Up on Toilet Paper, Because Everyone is Going to Die
    Australians Go to War for Toilet Paper as Stocks Run Low
  White House finally doing the right thing by Palestinians:
  Jared Kushner Says White House Will Approve Annexation of Entire West Bank No Matter What
  Roger Waters makes it to Tucker Carlson:
  Tucker Interviews Roger Waters on Julian Assange Persecution
  And finally, Paris mosques are becoming safe spaces:
  At Least One Injured After Man Opens Fire in Mosque in Paris - Reports

@_date: 2020-03-11 18:02:24
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: welcome your new president to be - Biden on guns - Re: Militia, law,  
At least the Dems have a winning candidate this time - Trump will find it sooo difficult to battle Biden on stage ... unlike Hillary "you know, it's just so good that someone like you is not in charge of our Justice department" Clinton.
  "You're Full Of Shit!": Biden Melts Down In 'AR-14' Tirade After Voter Confronts Over Plan To Take Guns
      ... People are probably fine with Biden switching his platform to grabbing AR-14s. I don’t think people will complain much.
        — Erielle Davidson ( March 10, 2020
    ... "Trump! Trump! Trump! Trump! Trump! Trump!"
        Detroit auto workers shouted their support for President  during Joe Biden's plant visit. pic.twitter.com/AxvasJCFCR
        — Trump War Room - Text EMPOWER to 88022 ( March 10, 2020
Yeahhhhh, I's reckon, that, goin' ta Dee-troit, visit-in some real workers, and den tellin im all "You're full of shit!" is ... I dunno y'all ... a winnin strategy?
  The DNPC party - party of the people.  Or somethin.
Did I mention "ahem"?

@_date: 2020-03-12 10:50:06
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [MINISTRY] stop being racist - The Bee: Non-racist terminology 
The Bee provides a helpful list of non-racist terminologies to replace racist terms that unthoughtful (at least nominally racist) racist people keep using.
Please stop.
  PSA: Stop Using Racist Terminology
      With the rise of the novel coronavirus, there has been an uptick in people saying racist things like suggesting the virus came from the region it did in fact come from. So we're encouraging our readers to avoid problematic terms like "Wuhan virus," "Chinese coronavirus," "Kung Flu," "Black Pepper Death," "Chopsick," "Srirachoo," "Terracougha Army," or the "Great Whoop of China." Definitely don't use any of those. And certainly never name a disease, product, or cultural trend after the area it's from.
    Instead, use our handy guide to avoid problematic, racist language:
     Instead of             Say:
     ---------------------  --------------------------------------
     Wuhan virus            Lung pao sicken
     Black death            Death of colour
     Indian giver           Elizabeth Warren
     Canadian bacon         Geopolitically irrelevant, inferior bacon
     Mexican jumping beans  Latinx acrobatic moth larvae
     Chinese dictator       Austere totalitarian scholar
     Japanese cartoons      It's called Anime and it's totally normal for adults to watch, mum!

@_date: 2020-03-12 21:33:36
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: US Elections 2020: Democrats Reveal GunGrab plan via Biden in 
Oh yeah - every problem an opportunity.
  =D  The Z.g Approves (TM)(NPC)(MUFFAS)  C=

@_date: 2020-03-13 10:02:58
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Radio: MeshTastic GPS Messenger, Open Time of Flight LIDAR, 
No chance.  Politicians might get in the way.
I thought that invention was supposed to be applicable to fibre-optic cable extrusion somehow.  Can you explain how your invention can be applied to the semi-conductor fabrication process on an IC (which I understand only extremely minimally as layers of materials, at least one layer of some sort of silicon and another layer of some sort of conductor, and using acid or lasers to etch away a pattern in the top layer.

@_date: 2020-03-13 10:56:10
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Behind the curve. The mathematics of deaths. 
Racist terminology - please re-read the Bee's guide to non-racist terminology.
You are truly a seer.
Au-contraire, a quick check of le Wakky:
    conclusively shows us that COVID-19 is literally far more infectious than the Spanish flu - and man, that Spanish flu was no shrinking violet, as it (according to the inglorious Wakky) literally infected a minimum of 140% up to possibly 280%, of the entire world's population!
So it looks like with COVID-19, we could well see upwards of 400 to 500% of the ENTIRE WORLD's POPULATION get infected.
Imagine the deaths!
Do we know yet if the virus, after incubation period, entirely stops being contagious?  Do we know yet for certain there is no latent/dormancy in those who "once had" been infected?
And you're holding that to be a bad thing, even if it does happen?
 [Damn!  Did I just ask that?  Talk about effective long term propaganda ...]
That will SO reduce the toilet paper grab-arse!
s/entering //
By dropping most "native UK"ians from helicopters into the moat, closely followed by crocodiles!
But that might reduce the infection rate of this "just the flu bro"?
Which masks, exactly, are you suggesting?  Remember, any incorrect answer is a life and death thing for some...
Acktschuallay, one theory is that today, ~100 years on, we ALL are infected with Spanish flu - we, of course, are the survivors...
(Call the Spanish flu COVID-1918, or COVID-18 for short...)
Bat soup, bruh! The bird bat soup will always bring back the COVID-19.
If you're susceptible and fearful, better to die out and let those who are resistant claim all the leftover gibs.
How extreme?
I hear a bullet can reduce the areal transmission boundary for an individual...
I do agree with this one - given the infection rate of say (on average for COVID-19) 500% of the population, we should have at least a 600% (/ population) testing rate to get on top of this.
Vaccinations.  Don't forget the mandatory vaccinations.  Perhaps the cultlery enriched London should lead the charge on preventative COVID-19 vaccinations - I know I'd avoid a vaccine that you poms ave not tested properly first.  Right-e-o then, duty to the kingdom ya know, so get to it - stiff upper lip an' all! Get testing already.
You needed to put some of that in all caps - too many folks will miss the subliminal message you sent out otherwise.  Here, I is fix it for you:
  > But most of all, WE HAVE TO STOP THINKING.  A MILLION PEOPLE WILL DIE.
  > THERE IS NOTHING WE CAN DO TO PREVENT IT.
There, Fixed That For Ya!
We could make the vaccinations more intense by inserting the needle into the buttocks really slowly.
Then the nurse can laugh, apologize, say they missed the right spot, and do it all over again, really slowly, this time in the shoulder.
On a more serious note, given the UK is an island with a moat, then on a global scale it is a very reasonable proposition to send all COVID-19 infectees to the "UK as a quarantine station".
Ah finally, you're coming around to the Z.g's point of view!
I always suspected you were a closet fascist!  Agree now: it feels much better to be honest about your truth.
Are you sure?  There's a lot of Chinese in (the now multiple) China town(s) across the UK?  You might be right that there are more older people in the UK than the Chinese people in the UK, but your stats might be off on this one...
3/4?  That's only 75%!  You're an order of magnitude off the science bro!  At -best- (according to wiki) it should be a minimum of over 400% of the world's population..

@_date: 2020-03-13 13:41:13
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Behind the curve. The mathematics of deaths. 
I am, astounded.
Notwithstanding, what the UK really needs is a lot (!) more infiniggimmigration, to finally fill up the demand for employees in the tech sector and increase the high-income tax base (upper middle class) from the government can draw abundant funds for such things as further housing, health and other programs needed by the elderly.
You really gotta get with the program.
Infiniggimmigration, bruh!
HIV is a far greater problem I say, especially in infants up to 6 months old - mandatory 0-day vaccinations are a must, and, as always, the UK must lead the empire like a bull by the nose.
I agree that bullets should only be reserved for those who fail to comply.
Science will invent better bullets, fer sure!
And you UKians can test 'em for us, eh?

@_date: 2020-03-14 23:03:34
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Woar Poarn: Fw: Russian vs Turk air power and defence - [PEACE] 
Russia's air force capabilities are simply stunning ..

@_date: 2020-03-15 10:13:31
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: It's an Ill Wind 
Most List-wide Spam Objections EVER
  Global Anti-spam outrage at Historic Levels
  Lack of content in Life leaves Millions depressed - Porn Hub offers Free Premium Subscriptions for a monkh
  Shocking and Triggering Headlines top Unprecedented Volumes Daily - Logic Itself CRASHES, levels not seen since 1929!
  Doom and Gloom IMPOSSIBLE to sell without RECORD Satire Inclusions
  Smiles Withering as Comedy Dies In Darkness .. so sad!
  Front Running EVERYthing now OUTLAWED, humans to Stay Home Forever (watching free porn on unlimited internet)

@_date: 2020-03-15 10:54:59
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: It's an Ill Wind 
Skripal hoax Did I mention "ahem"? If not, let me be unmistakably clear: "AHEM!", as in "A!" followed by "HEM!"

@_date: 2020-03-15 10:57:29
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Neo-Nazi White Knights Go All in on Defending the Honor of Women Who 
Supporter - It's a sad world:
  Neo-Nazi White Knights Go All in on Defending the Honor of Women Who had Sex with Harvey Weinstein
      [you just KNOW you don't want to see that alabaster thigh with the rose tattoo]
Fortunately, TDS is here to set the teenyboppers straight!

@_date: 2020-03-16 21:59:55
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Proof: COVID-19 is NOT a bioweapon -- Re: How to Spread Coronavirus 
The Ministry insists that COVID-19 is absolutely NOT a bioweapon.  Just don't Yandex for Charles Lieber:
FTR, COVID-19 is definitely NOT a bioweapon developed by a Jewish scientist from Harvard who was recently awarded the Israeli "Wolf Prize" for his work!
  Jews Panic Over Accusations that the Coronavirus Pandemic is a Jewish Plot
        .. There is also the strange case of Charles Lieber, a Jewish scientist from Harvard, who was arrested this past January for lying about his connections to a research lab located in Wuhan. As we already know, Wuhan was the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak. Lieber was specifically involved in doing various types of research and development within the fields of neurobiology and nanotechnology. What the exact nature of his work was, is not quite known but his arrest and connection to Wuhan raises a number of serious questions.
      Lieber was previously given an Israeli award for his work.
                        ...
            Iran’s deputy health minister catches coronavirus as outbreak causes shortage of masks and medicine
            Coronavirus: Iran says 23 MPs have disease
            ...

@_date: 2020-03-17 22:01:49
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Denmark passes law to force mandatory vaccinations for 
Welp, the UK has utterly dropped the ball on this one - as your body is the responsibility of the state, "Denmark has passed an emergency law that allows for the government to force people to take a vaccine for coronavirus."
  Denmark Passes Law Enabling Forced Coronavirus Vaccinations
        The emergency law gives authorities sweeping powers to tackle the COVID-19 pandemic and will remain in force until March 2021.
    Citizens who refuse to be tested for the coronavirus will face fines and potential prison time, and will be prevented from entering shops, grocery stores, public institutions and hospitals while also being restricted from using public transport.
        “As well as enforcing quarantine measures, the law also allows the authorities to force people to be vaccinated, even though there is currently no vaccination for the virus,” reports the Local.
            Copenhagen University law professor Jens Elo Rytter said the new measures were “certainly the most extreme since the Second World War.”
    The initial draft of the law was even more draconian, and would have allowed police to enter private homes without a warrant if there was a suspicion of a coronavirus infection.
    However, this measure was dropped after opposition from other parties in the Parliament.
    Denmark currently has 875 recorded coronavirus cases and has registered 2 deaths.

@_date: 2020-03-17 22:42:49
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: money reset looms -- Re: [MONEY] Risk Parity Funds Just Suffered The 
Remember: the entire debt based usury money system we slave under, is exponential in nature, and every "intervention" (e.g. Q.E.), on average shall (must, mathematically) be exponentially larger than the previous "intervention".
And so is it, it is so ... literally half a trillion dollars of IMF/BIS/Fed bailout over the last six months ("repo crisis liquidity injection"), is not quite enough, and so "due to COVID-19", the next bailout is ... literally a trillion dollars (close to a doubling):
  23 September 2019 - ~$400 billion+ :
    Why the Repo Market Is Such a Big Deal—and Why Its $400 Billion Bailout Is So Unnerving
          .. A $1 trillion market springs a leak
      .. We estimate that over the first year, the Fed would need to buy roughly $400bn of Treasury securities to achieve an appropriate level of reserves, plus a buffer,” the Bank of America wrote in a research note.
      ...
 Whoopsie, did we say $400 billion over 1 year? What we really meant was 6 months, then we shall reassess.
 . . .
 Oh shirt!  Oh dear me!  Yes yes, it's been 6 months, we've pumped the firetruck outta the money printing press and whaddaya know? - we gotta double down, this time a trillion dollars, and fer surely we'll be lucky to make even THAT stretch to 6 months:
  16 March 2020 - ~ $900 billion+ :
    IMF Prepares $1 Trillion [officially $900 billion] Bazooka
          .. In a blog post published minutes ago, IMF Director Kristalina Georgieva .. declaring that the IMF has $1 trillion in loan capacity ready to put to work to salve the economic damage caused by the outbreak
      .. "The IMF stands ready to mobilize its $1 trillion lending capacity to help our membership. As a first line of defense, the Fund can deploy its flexible and rapid-disbursing emergency response toolkit to help countries with urgent balance-of-payment needs."
      ...
Who could pothibly have predicted thith?
Feel free to enjoy the gluttonous superiority trip from smarmily expounding such deep mathematical truths to the ignorant laity sheeple pleble.
Or actually, perhaps try practicing a little humility instead.
We're gettin' close, muffas . . .

@_date: 2020-03-18 19:29:16
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Garnier Fructis strikes again - Biden@the.Bee - was Re: Hillary 
Garnier Fructis strikes again as Biden literally promises a woman running mate, possibly even "she who should not be named for criminal activities with a name that rhymes with Hitlery":
  Biden: 'Not Only Will I Appoint A Woman Running Mate, But I Will Stand Behind Her At All Times'
      WASHINGTON, D.C.—If Joe Biden wins the Democratic nomination, his running mate will be a woman, he said Sunday. He then promised that no matter which woman he appointed as his running mate, he would stand behind her at all times.
    [image of attractive woman lapping up Biden's adoration, not attached]
    .. "You know I don't see why we can't elect multiple women as vice president. That's how progressive I am. I say elect me a whole harem of 'em," Biden added.
    ...

@_date: 2020-03-20 10:10:19
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Trump Tests Positive For Coronavirus 
Music should be edumacational:
  HOW TO FUNK IN TWO MINUTES-3vBwRfQbXkg.mp4
    ~2:28
  [trigger warning: incredibly stylish man with incredibly stylish mo - you know you love it]

@_date: 2020-03-20 13:43:25
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Garnier Fructis strikes again - Biden@the.Bee - was Re: Hillary 
Garnier "Biden Collection" Fructis strikes again - promises to choose only Obama's ex-first tranny "Michael Obama" as running mate and for SCOTUS picks.
  Supreme Identity Politics: Biden Pledges To Only Consider Black Females For SCOTUS Pick
        In his debate with Bernie Sanders, Joe Biden made two pledges to voters and asked his opponent to do the same to nominate only a black woman for the next open Supreme Court seat and to choose a woman as his vice president. Even with identity politics, the pledge to impose a gender and race requirement for the next Supreme Court nominee is as ironic as it is troubling. What Biden was declaring, and what Sanders wisely avoided, would effectively constitute discrimination in admission to the Supreme Court.
    Indeed, the Supreme Court has declared that such race or gender conditions are strictly unconstitutional for admission to public colleges.
    ...

@_date: 2020-03-20 17:53:44
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: 2020, year of 98ft, 10,000 mph asteroids exploding in atmosfear 
NASA Warns Two Asteroids Could Cause Atmospheric Explosion Over Earth This Week
        As if 2020 weren’t overwhelming enough, in addition to the potential start of World War 3, the massive fires in Australia, the locust plague in the Middle East and Africa, and the novel coronavirus, we are now dealing with multiple asteroids hurtling towards Earth. One of the asteroids may even collide with Earth’s atmosphere resulting in an atmospheric explosion tonight!
        ...
In more apocalyptic news, "If you don't want to slut-shame, then you're going to get a lot of sluts:"
  If You Don’t Shame Sluts, You Will End Up with a Slut Overload
      [img] "It's My Hot Body, I'll Do What I Want"
    A novel male feminist argument that I have seen popping up recently in defense of sluts is that “women don’t have agency,” and thus cannot be held responsible for their behavior, whatever it is. The theory then goes that men are responsible for all female behavior, because men do have “agency.”
    Let’s first make sure we understand our terms.
    What do they mean when they speak of “agency”?
    They are talking about the philosophical concept of “moral agency” or “human agency.”
            Agency is the capacity of an actor to act in a given environment. The capacity to act does not at first imply a specific moral dimension to the ability to make the choice to act, and moral agency is therefore a distinct concept. In sociology, an agent is an individual engaging with the social structure. Notably, though, the primacy of social structure vs. individual capacity with regard to persons’ actions is debated within sociology. This debate concerns, at least partly, the level of reflexivity an agent may possess.
        Agency may either be classified as unconscious, involuntary behavior, or purposeful, goal directed activity (intentional action). An agent typically has some sort of immediate awareness of their physical activity and the goals that the activity is aimed at realizing. In ‘goal directed action’ an agent implements a kind of direct control or guidance over their own behavior.
    If women “don’t have agency,” then the argument is that all women are literally mindless, soulless automatons, who are incapable of engaging in free will choice.
    It follows then that the behavior of women, and the actions that they do take, are based entirely on external factors, as they do not have any internal capacity for decision making.
    [img] "Libre Mientras Sigan Habiendo Doofus"
    The logical conclusion from this line of reasoning is that men need to build a structured society wherein there are solid incentives for women to behave in certain ways. This would involve both positive and negative reinforcement.
    So we must ask: what behaviors do we want to encourage from women, and which do we want to discourage?
    Presumably, we all have a similar idea about this.
    Good female behavior: [ok, so we know for a fact that this is gonna go down reeeel well with the anarchist crowd :D]
      - Modesty
      - Marriage at a young age
      - Producing many children
      - Obeying husband
      - Staying loyal to husband
    Bad female behavior:
      - Sluttiness
      - Refusing marriage in favor of seeking “adventure” and a career
      - Refusing to produce children, taking birth control, having abortions
      - Marrying in late twenties or early thirties
      - Getting a divorce
    Currently, the government and the media are the only groups which are able to offer most incentives to women.
    However, there is one form of negative reinforcement that we can all engage in and that is “slut-shaming.”
    Slut-shaming has a huge effect on women, as they respond very strongly to negative social pressure. If a woman feels like men and other women think she is a slut, she feels very bad about herself. Thus, if a woman sees that another woman has been labeled a slut for engaging in a certain type of behavior, she is likely to avoid that behavior.
    So, for example, if a woman has sex with a disgusting Jew Hollywood producer, and everyone calls her a filthy slut, other women will see that and say “I’d better not have sex with a disgusting Jew Hollywood producer, or people will label me a filthy slut.”
    [img] "Men of Simping Quality, Respect Women's Equality"
    Conversely, if a woman who has sex with a disgusting Jew Hollywood producer is labeled a victim, and is celebrated for her bravery, you are giving positive reinforcement to the behavior pattern.
    This discussion of “moral agency” is convoluted and esoteric. There is clearly no way to see inside of a woman’s head and understand the mechanisms upon which her decision process acts.
    What we are able to see is that women are extremely sensitive to social shaming, and that they will act accordingly to how society ranks their behavior.
    If we decide that as a society, we will not shame sluts, then our society is going to end up with a lot of sluts.
    I do not think that any of us want a society full of sluts, and thus I think we should all be able to agree on the fact that we should shame sluts by calling them out as sluts.
    [img] "F* Robin Thicke"
    This will make women feel bad. That is the point of negative reinforcement. It is used to make an example of women who engage in bad behavior so that other women will not engage in that behavior.
    The problem is that neo-Nazis and other male feminists, being agents of women, will always work to remove any and all consequences for the behavior of women, so that women are able to do whatever they want without facing any consequences.

@_date: 2020-03-21 19:16:48
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Coronapocalypse! - Austraya just ONE shit away from TOTAL ANARCHY - 
The coronapocalypse continues as folks can now "safely" say to themselves "I always KNEW something like this [fake apocalypse] was going to happen".
At least we're less insane than NooZealanders - aren't we?
In an absolutely apocalyptic and historic un-Australian event, Sydney's Bondi Beach was CLOSED DOWN!  Shocking news I know ... just how absolutely ______!
  Supermarket industry wades into 'uncharted waters'
      .. Shelves wiped clean, fights in the aisles, and sales through the roof. If there was one word to describe the last week across supermarkets, it would be "unprecedented".
Man literally TASERed for toilet paper:
  Coronavirus: Heartbreaking picture highlights impact of panic buying
      [elderly lady weeps as she looks at long empty supermarket shelves]
    .. Tensions have boiled over into physical fights, with NSW Police charging two women with affray after an incident over toilet paper in a Chullora Woolworths in Sydney earlier this month. A man also had to be tasered in a Big W in Tamworth, northern NSW, over a stoush over the precious loo roll.
    Australia now has 1023 confirmed cases of COVID-19, and seven people have died.
Ok, ok, the science it is muffas:
  Science behind why Australians are panic buying toilet paper
      Australians have left the world puzzled by their panic buying of toilet paper. This is the reason why we are reacting so strangely.
    Anxious Australians are buying toilet paper to deal with their worries about coronavirus but they should be considering other ways to relieve their stress.
    While other countries have run low on toilet paper, Australians are stockpiling despite there being no threat of running out as 60 per cent of the country’s toilet paper is manufactured locally.
    Vision of Aussies scrambling over each other to panic-buy multi-packs of toilet paper has been beamed across the world, leaving many puzzled.
    So why is everyone panicking?
    Dr Paul Harrison, a human behaviour expert at Deakin University, explained the reasons why Australians in particular were stocking up on toilet paper.
    “Research shows that in capitalist cultures like Australia, you deal with problems by buying things,” he told news.com.au. “Through times of trouble we are encouraged to spend our way out of it.”
    Dr Harrison said humans in general were drawn to “simple answers” in times of crisis.
    “Coronavirus is an abstract problem, with an unclear effect and it’s unfolding minute-by-minute,” he said.
    “Humans struggle with nuance and unclear outcomes and research shows that when people feel like they have lost control, they tend to be drawn to small things that they can control.
    “In Australia we are constantly told that we can solve problems by buying things, and research shows that buying utilitarian items such as toilet paper and cleaning products can rebalance that sense of lack of control.”
    One example of Australia’s tendency to throw money at something to solve a problem, was the current calls for a stimulus package to boost Australia’s economy.
    “I’m not saying that it can’t,” Dr Harrison said. “But it makes it seem like the simple solution is to buy stuff.”
    A secondary “herd effect” happens because people can see shortages happening and they don’t want to be the one left without toilet paper.
    There is also a cultural aspect to the panic buying related to Australia’s individualistic attitude.
    “Australians as a culture tend to think predominantly as individuals and we value things around assertiveness and independence,” Dr Harrison said.
    People who have individualistic tendencies tend not to feel supported by the community when things fall apart.
    “So in this kind of person with individualistic tendencies, amid stress and when the world feels chaotic, they fend for themselves and their family.”
    Australians have shown they can pull together as a community in times of crisis like this year’s bushfire emergency but Dr Harrison said coronavirus was different.
    “It is quite isolating, if you get it, you will metaphorically and quite literally be isolated,” he said. “So if you get it, people feel they need to look after themselves and their family.”
    Dr Harrison said trust in politicians and institutions was also at an all-time low and this exacerbated the feeling that people were on their own.
    “Something like 80 per cent of people don’t trust our institutions, which is not a great thing,” he said.
    “If a leader or (institutions like) the banks are not there in a time of need, it does erode your trust in them.”
    While some have questioned the usefulness of buying toilet paper, Dr Harrison said it came down to people feeling unsettled and wanting to take action.
    “Two things need to be satisfied: they need to be able to perform that action and for it to lead to an end state of feeling in control, and buying toilet paper satisfies both these,” he said.
    “If you think about it rationally it doesn’t make sense but most behaviour is not rational, it’s emotional.”
    Even when people make an emotional decision, Dr Harrison says that the cognitive brain will later provide a rational basis for that decision.
    All of these factors came together to explain Australia’s obsession with stocking up on toilet paper.
    “Buying toilet paper doesn’t make sense but it does,” Dr Harrison said. “It’s something people do buy weekly and you do need toilet paper, you just don’t need 100 rolls.”
    For people who want to ease their anxiety about coronavirus but want an alterative to buying toilet rolls, Dr Harrison suggested thinking about other people.
    “One way of reducing anxiety is to do things for other people,” he said. “Thinking about what things you can do for others also provides that sense of reward.”
    Supermarkets have urged shoppers not to stockpile as shelves are being constantly restocked. They have urged shopped to think of more vulnerable members of the community who may not be able to shop often or get to different stores in search of products.
    A Coles spokesperson said the supermarket did not advocate hoarding of goods and said shelves were being regularly restocked.
    “Coles is committed in delivering the best service to all Australians and during this challenged time is committed in ensuring all Australian communities have access to the products and services we all need. Coles wants to ensure that no matter where you live or how old you are, you have the same access as everyone else on your street.”
  "Unparalleled Challenge" - Inside America's First Locked-Down Major City, "Everything's Out Of Our Control"
      .. California Governor .. issued a state-wide "stay at home" order
    .. San Francisco and the surrounding Bay Area issued 'shelter in place' orders after a surge of deaths
    .. Several days into one of the most extreme lockdowns, Bay Area residents have been forced to stay at home, only allowed to leave for essential travel, such as shopping for groceries, medications, fuel, caring for others, and exercise.
    NBC News spoke with one resident, Trish Tracey, who had to shutter her restaurant on Tuesday in the Mission district. She laid off her entire kitchen staff of 17 employees and has tried to renegotiate her lease.     "Everything is out of our control," Tracey said.
    .. The mass lockdown in San Francisco is serving as the blueprint of how other local governments in the state might have to resort to Martial law-style lockdowns. Other states, such as New York and Maryland, could be days or weeks away from a major lockdown to flatten the curve.
    .. "This is a challenge unparalleled to any challenge I have faced in the last 28 years of my career," Dr. Baldev Singh, a pulmonary critical care physician in nearby San Jose.
[and this one, worse than torture:]
    .. local economy grinds to a halt, tens of thousands of people have already lost their jobs, grocery stores run out of food, millions forced to shelter in place and watch Netflix
[oh the absolute horror - Netflix ought be outlawed immediately! Sheer torture!]
    .. the Bay Area could soon see troop deployment on streets to maintain order.
In other news, 2020 is turning out to be one hell of an entertainment year...

@_date: 2020-03-21 19:35:09
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [MINISTRY] "This is a time to pull together, turn our minds off, and 
Looks like SOMEone got the "front running sedition" memo :)
Ok, ok, The Z.g humbly accepts total elevation beyond all proportion for even the slightest pop-psych obviousness :D :D  BTCes welcome muh fl.pper n.ppers :D
This a nice little piece highlighting The Ministry's rules for acceptable discourse on present topics.
Be warned, it has no trigger warning whatsoever, yet probably inherently demands one.  So without giving a trigger warning (hint hint, wink wink) per se (nudge nudge), one might consider one's internal emotional consequences from reading an arguably mildly humorous take on the present discourse of the Lame Stream Media.  Did I not mention the b.gger n.gger warning?
   This Glorified Bug Absolutely Warrants Whatever “Emergency Measures” Our Regimes Want to Impose on Us. OBEY
         Let’s try a little thought experiment. Just for fun. To pass the time while we’re indefinitely locked down inside our homes, compulsively checking the Covid-19 “active cases” and “total death” count, washing our hands every twenty minutes, and attempting not to touch our faces.
      Before we do, though, I want to make it clear that I believe this Covid-19 thing is real, and is probably the deadliest threat to humanity in the history of deadly threats to humanity. According to the data I’ve been seeing, it’s only a matter of days, or hours, until nearly everyone on earth is infected and is either dying in agony and alone or suffering mild, common cold-like symptoms, or absolutely no symptoms whatsoever.
      I feel that I need to state this clearly, before we do our thought experiment, because I don’t want anyone mistakenly thinking that I’m one of those probably Russian-backed Nazis who are going around saying, “it’s just the flu,” or who are spreading dangerous conspiracy theories about bio-weapons and martial law, or who are otherwise doubting or questioning the wisdom of locking down the entire world (and likely triggering a new Great Depression) on account of the discovery of some glorified bug.
      ...

@_date: 2020-03-22 11:00:50
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Sergei "Yolo" Lavrov tribute - unashame-ed =?utf-8?Q?Russ-ski-phi?= 
=?utf-8?Q?=E2=80=9CI_would_still_like_to_at_least_get_some_facts_supporti?=
 =?utf-8?Q?ng_our_unsuccessful_meddling=2E=E2=80=9D?=
The funniest (in a good way) foreign minister in the world, Sergei "ROLO" Lavrov enjoys 70 years of life and many years of diplomatic success (not that Western MSM can ever admit as much).
As the world goes nuts waiting for the big U$D reset, a summary of YOLO's greatest hits to lighten yer day:
  Best Hits: Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov's Greatest Achievements and Public Gaffes as He Turns 70
      .. When American counterpart Rex Tillerson noted that he would like to dance a tango with Russia, but wouldn't dance with Lavrov personally, the Russian minister noted that his "mother also forbade [him] to dance with boys".
    .. When then-Foreign Minister Taro Kono noted that Lavrov had brought snow with him from Russia, the latter responded that since Russia hadn't meddled Japan's elections, it decided to at least meddle in the country's weather.

@_date: 2020-03-22 21:42:54
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Int'l borders rapidly closing, internal borders too - "is my 'house' 
consequences - UN disarmament officers hiring in NY - [PEACE]
UN disarmament officers hired?  .. check
NYC locked down? .. check
Gun-grab test runs done? .. check
USDollar reset looming? .. check
Could it possibly be time (if it's not already too late) to "get your house in order"?
Could Kung Flu Wuhan Virus Ching Chong Chest Infection be a trial run, or the moment the Federal Reserve Bank resets, inflicting on us another cycle of order then chaos?
Could be either, quite possibly the latter, with a (at least in Australia - see below) a relatively orderly shut-down/ slow down of non-essential services, to ensure everyone is on high alert that "this is important".
In any case, Melbourne Australia, and likely your own Western country, is about to go into a 2 month lock down beginning this Thursday, all non-essential travel banned and "papers please" (sign on the spot when asked, certifying you will self isolate for 2 weeks from date of signing):
  VICTORIA, NSW IN LOCKDOWN: Australia’s most populous states to shut down non-essential services
      Australia’s two largest states have been plunged into lockdown with all non-essential services to be banned within 48 hours. Victorian parents will face an addition burden with schools set to close indefinitely. Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews said Victorians will still be able to go to the “supermarket, the bank, the pharmacy and other essential stores” but services deemed unnecessary will but closed. The announcement came after NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian revealed her state would also close within two days. Schools in NSW will remain open as authorities fear closing them will pull too many parents out of crucial health care worker roles. The closures come as the number of confirm ed coronavirus across Australia cases exceed 1,200, with NSW and Victoria making up the bulk of infections.
  'Non-essential' services: what do Australia's latest coronavirus restrictions mean?
      .. Australia is approaching a nationwide lockdown, akin to those seen overseas, with states and territories closing their borders and enforcing mandatory self-isolation on travellers.
    .. What does ‘non-essential’ mean?
    Under the national guidelines, travel to school, to workplaces and to shops to buy staples are all considered essential, as is travel on compassionate grounds, or for emergencies. The use of public transport for school or work is also considered essential.
    Australia’s health department defines essential and non-essential events, for which travel is necessary.
        Essential activities also include healthcare appointments and pharmacy visits.
    On Sunday Victoria, NSW and the ACT all said they would be closing down many non-essential services over the following 48 hours, citing petrol stations, supermarkets, banks, pharmacies, freight and logistics and home delivery services among those deemed essential.
    That would override previous national definitions of non-essential indoor gatherings of fewer than 100 people (including staff), which included: cinemas and theatres; restaurants, cafes, pubs and clubs; weddings; funerals.
    .. Tasmania was the first state to close its borders. All non-essential travellers to Tasmania will be required to self-isolate for a fortnight.
    The Northern Territory, Western Australia and South Australia have also announced border closures.
    South Australia will close its borders from 4pm Tuesday, with 12 designated crossing points. Travellers will be required to sign a declaration about their health and willingness to undertake mandatory self-isolation for two weeks.
    .. “This means no holidays on the south coast. This means no weekends in Sydney or Melbourne. Visiting family and friends outside of the Canberra region has to be carefully considered and if it is not essential, do not do it.”
  Berejiklian to push for a full lockdown of non essential services in NSW
      .. push for a full lockdown of non-essential services over the next 48 hours with schools expected to close from Tuesday.
    Schools will be open on Monday but Ms Berejiklian indicated that would likely change. Supermarkets, petrol stations, pharmacies and convenience stores will stay open.
    .. NSW will proceed to a more comprehensive shutdown of non-essential services. This will take place over the next 48 hours," she said.
    "Supermarkets, petrol stations, pharmacies, convenience stores, freight and logistics, and home delivery will be among the many services that will remain open.
    ...
[External borders to Aus/NZ already closed:]
  Australia closes borders to all visitors amid coronavirus pandemic
  By Anthony Galloway and Eryk Bagshaw
  Updated March 19, 2020 — 4.58pm first published at 4.39pm
      Australia's borders will close to all foreigners for six months in a drastic bid to stop the spread of the coronavirus with the unprecedented lockdown closing the $45 billion international tourism industry.
    In a rapid escalation of border-control measures on Thursday, Tasmania became the first Australian state to raise its own borders in more than a century, forcing almost everyone entering the state to spend two weeks in quarantine. New Zealand also shut off entry, sealing off Australasia from the rest of the world.
    Prime Minister Scott Morrison has announced a travel ban will be placed on all people who are not Australian residents or their direct relations coming to the country from 9pm on Friday night. Mr Morrison said the move was "essential" to stop the further spread of COVID-19 from overseas.
    "The reason for this decision is about 80 per cent of the cases we have in Australia are either the result of someone who has contracted the virus overseas or someone who has had direct contact with someone who has returned from overseas," he said.
    ...

@_date: 2020-03-24 10:28:59
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Corona cash -- Fw: Aussie parliament: Hand out $84 billion in 
Top U.S. Health Experts: ‘Hold On To Your Fucking Seats Because This Bitch Hasn’t Even Thought About Starting Yet’
  3/12/20 2:29PM
  •
  SEE MORE: Vol 56 Issue 10
      STANFORD, CA—In response to the ongoing coronavirus outbreak, top U.S. health experts warned the nation Thursday to hold onto their fucking seats, because this bitch hasn’t even thought about starting yet. “We’ve been getting a lot of questions surrounding Covid-19, and, well, you all better buckle the fuck up, because this shit is about to kick into high gear,” said Stanford professor of health research and policy Richard Mason, throwing all his papers in the air and warning the nation that they better strap in tight, because this motherfucker will knock you on your goddamn ass. “If you think it’s bad now, just fucking wait, because this son of a bitch is gonna go into full-fledged annihilation mode. Seriously, wash your hands, cut off your hands—it doesn’t fucking matter. You poor bastards are going to get absolutely fucking destroyed.” At press time, Mason knocked over his podium, curled up in a ball on the floor, and started screaming, “Steel yourselves!”

@_date: 2020-03-26 22:43:55
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: "heroin candies are a human right" - hypothetical toddler world 
So imagine trying to "talk a heroin addict toddler out of eating heroin candies"..
According to the Amblin Memer, this is -almost- the world we live in, which he presents in the following incisive and cutting, intellectual argument:
  Giving Heroin to Toddlers
      [very slutty pic, definitely NOT attached]
      .. You must understand this: men who defend slutty behavior in women are no different than people saying toddlers should have free choice of whether or not they eat heroin candies. These men are enablers. They do not care about fixing society, they do not care about helping women, they only care about serving women and doing the commands of women in order to get little pats on the head, as they hope that eventually a woman will take pity on them and reward them with sex.
      These men must also be shamed and humiliated, and called out as faggots whose minds and souls are dominated by women. Because they are lower than the sluts themselves. They are the ones making it possible for the sluts to behave like they do, and unlike the sluts, they are not even getting any benefits from this behavior. They are not getting pleasure. They are simply engaging in a masochistic exercise, due to the weakness of their character.
      ..

@_date: 2020-03-29 10:08:41
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Cryptome Ponders Releasing Archive In Preparation For Corona 
Naah, don't do it!  That information should NOT be made public in this epidemic fear enfironment - one just shudders to think of the consequences.

@_date: 2020-03-30 09:27:42
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: 101-Year-Old Man Who Survived 1918 Flu Beats Coronavirus, Too. 
Russian Scientists Provide Key New Info About Why Russians Aren't Getting COVID (Video)
    Why Russians don't get CORONAVIRUS! 100% TRUE (ENG SUBs)-RWN1CAD5P_g.mp4
  [dance video not linked]

@_date: 2020-03-31 18:38:56
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Cryptocurrency: Music 
This might be more useful if the music was categorized by type - for us javashaft avoiders, youtube-dl-ing each track just to find one might not like it gets tiresome...

@_date: 2020-04-01 09:45:46
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: salty tears for U.Cali -- Re: [MINISTRY] stop being racist - The 
UC Tells Students "Do Not" Say "Chinese Virus" (And "Do Not Allow" Others To Say It Either)
        .. The list begins by telling students to “reject racism, sexism, xenophobia and all hateful or intolerant speech, both in person and online,” and to “Be an ‘up-stander,’ and discourage others from engaging in such behavior.”
    ..
The Z.g officially disavows UC for promotion of crime think.
On basic principles of opposing The Ministry, it is in fact our sacred duty to poke fun at the empire and feeble snowey flakey lefties, by using politically incorrect terminology.
Let's reclaim our own damn thoughts already!
  Read my lips: it's Chi-na-vi-rus, muffaluckers!
May the University of California drown in buckets of salty liberal Cali tears!

@_date: 2020-05-03 15:08:33
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Chirin no Suzu - better than Bambi - [PEACE] 
Pre- "subtlety" anime,    Chirin no Suzu
         .. And because this film precedes the introduction of subtlety to Japan, Chirin tells the wolf that he’ll kill him as soon as he’s strong enough, which the wolf doesn’t seem to mind.
      .. Unlike the Disney movies, and to a lesser extent the Ghibli ones, where nature is a goofy utopia where everything is wonderful until humans come along and mess up everything, this depicts a much more appropriate and realistic way of viewing the world, and I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to vaccinate his kids against veganism, anti-speciesism or some of the other inane liberal ideologies.
~259MiB   bccaf281e8d5b1ad5e59581e2f0d540ccf650023

@_date: 2020-05-03 16:35:21
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Nature returns -- Re: Soul cookies -- Re: Gratitude - We are now 
trading
All around the world, from the UK to India to the canals of Venice, dolphins appear, we can see clearly, nature is turning from muddy brown to azure blue, vibrant turquoise and "damn, we've been missing life in this world as it ought to be".
Seriously, if you are at home with little to do, contemplate on how to gently but firmly shift this world into maintaining this new beauty, this new cleanliness, the world as you would have it be.
Create your world,
   Murky Waters Around British Coastline Are Turning Tropical During Lockdown
      [wow! the British coastline is actually azure blue waters - including some "before" pics for stark contrast!]
   Venice canals run clear, dolphins appear in Italy’s waterways amid coronavirus lockdown
      Mom Creates Beautiful Chalk Drawings On Her Driveway, Incorporating Her Daughter Into Each Of Them (40 Pics)
      Meet Carrot, The Cat That’s Gone Viral For Giving His Owners Anxiety
      Clever Street Cat Leads A Woman To The Store And Asks Her To Buy Him Food, She Adopts Him
      This Restaurant Is Winning The Funny Sign Game (35 New Pics)
         .. "Give me coffee 2 change the things I can, and tequila to accept the things I can't"
      .. "Someone's therapist knows about you..."
      .. "Well, well, well, if it isn't the consequences of my own actions"
      .. "Make sure you're happy in real life, not just on instagram"

@_date: 2020-05-03 21:03:22
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: On the need for (an) internal (Federal) Development Bank - Saker - 
The IMF/BIS system of servitude to internation debt banksters presently rules much of the world.
One of the ways to reinforce a nation against such predatory oligarchical financial rule, is a state-run development bank, one which strictly issues its loans in the national currency only (and not in foreign currencies), and perhaps one which issues loans -only- to small and medium sized businesses and startups, leaving large corporations to the main stream banks.
The origin finance or money for such a bank, must be no more and no less than the credit money issued by the government/nation itself, and NO private interests!
The interest rates for such a bank must be the exclusive and eternal prerogative of the government, and in no way beholden to private or external interests.
Loans must be issued at long term fixed, and 'low', interest rates.
Such a system shall rebuild nationalism without the private interest
This appears to be the case in Russia, as much as it is the case in America, Australia and elsewhere.
One of the great challenges for state leaders such as Putin and Trump, is shifting the financial game to one which benefits those much closer to the bottom of the financial pyramid (at least in the first instance of new money issuance) rather than first and primarily the top of the pyramid.
The greed maintaining poverty and effectively extreme servitude in the bottom layers of the pyramid is the seed of its own just and proper demise.
Yet getting there still requires both
   1) a leader willing to shift the game to strengthen lower layers of the financial hiearchy
   2) a leader sufficiently supported, that he is not murdered before implementing such a "nation wide beneficial" financial regime - J.F.K. being a prime example of such failure
A study of the present Russian case, courtesy The Saker:
   Is There a Russian Nationalist '6th Column' Trying to Undermine Putin?
   Is There a “6th Column” Trying to Subvert Russia?
               .. Under Putin the Russian foreign policy has been such a success that even the Russian liberals, very reluctantly, admit that he did a pretty good job. However, the internal, many financial, policies of Russia have been a disaster. Just one example, the fact that the major Russian banks are bloated with their immense revenues, did not prevent millions of Russians from living in poverty and many hundreds of thousands of Russian small/family businesses of going under due to the very high interest rates.
      One key problem in Russia is that both the Central Bank and the major commercial banks only care about their profits. What Russia truly needs is a state-owed DEVELOPMENT bank whose goal would not be millions and billions for the few, but making it possible for the creativity of the Russian people to truly blossom. Today, we see the exact opposite in Russia.
      .. Yes, the Moscow elites will be furious, but it is also high time to tell these folks that they don’t own Russia, and that while they could make a killing prostituting themselves to the Empire, most Russian don’t want to do that. ..

@_date: 2020-05-04 10:15:52
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: KGP propaganda - Re: On the need for banks 
It's a possible transition step, in the context of the existence of a government, rather than anarchist rule.
Another possible step is printing your own currency rather than borrowing every dollar from private banks - JFK tried this, although it's not overly dissimilar to creating a federal development bank which issues its own "credit" - in Australia, this is even in our constitution at the state level, although prior to the thieves at Bretton Woods, we also did this with our Commonwealth Bank, and were thus the ONLY nation to come out of World War II with ZERO debt.
Funny how printing your own money means you don't anyone shit.
Rothschilds did not like that though, and so we Aussies were brought to heel at Bretton Woods.
The technical term for this is "shit show".

@_date: 2020-05-04 12:03:42
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: KGP propaganda - Re: On the need for banks 
"... you don't -owe- anyone shit."
Also, our real challenge is how to transition from the world we are actually in - we cannot begin from utopia, although it may be useful to lay out some of the parameters for your own version of utopia, as then we can think clearly about how to transition from here, to there.

@_date: 2020-05-04 14:39:51
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: KGP propaganda - Re: On the need for banks 
Thank you - that's an interesting proposition.  I'm working on grokking this, will try to understand...
I guess my conditioning is more to the "anarchy = chaos" colloquial term ... yes, the "rule" of anarchy is no rules or "laws" whatsoever - just personal responsibility, private (party party) agreements.
I struggle to escape the looming fear that "real anarchy", due to the present, say average state of consciousness of humans, would descend into survival of the fittest - so perhaps this "anarchist rule" phrase comes from a fear of "being ruled by thugs", which, irony of ironies, is what we to a real degree suffer under in today's fake-democracies of course ...
I have much to work on internally (including fear), so really, thank you for the reminder!

@_date: 2020-05-04 22:14:35
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: CIA-KGB propaganda - Re: On the need for banks 
This is a misunderstanding/misnomer, and one of the greatest deceptions successfully perpetrated on the majority, by the Federal Reserve Banking system.
Yes, US dollars are 'backed' by the US military.
No, dollars are not created by the US government.
A few (2 billion?) dollars were actually created by JFK's government, but not since.
Prior and subsequent to JFK's brief (re)printing of US dollars by the US government, and since the creation of the Federal Reserve Bank in 1913, what we think of sa "US dollars" have only been created as debt instruments "of the Fed" - in other words, each dollar "created" was only created by literally borrowing those dollars from the Fed, and not by creating those dollars.
Yes, we can cut a fine hair and say that the Fed created those dollars and then loaned them, but that is the creation of a loan (and issuing the dollars arising from that loan), and those loan dollars are supposed to be repaid, WITH INTEREST - and the dollars for the payment of the interest do not get created at the time the loan is issued, and so gradually over the years, the loans vs actual dollars in existence (M1 vs M0 etc) gets further and further out of balance, and eventually the Fed/the other private banks, pulls the pin by raising interest rates and causing a recession or (great) depression.
When a (privately held) bank creates a loan, it creates a ledger - with two entries: the debt to the bank on one side, and the credit in the recipient's bank account on the other side.
Because of the two sides of this ledger, it looks like the 2 sides cancel each other out - and from various accounting perspectives they do, since the "debt owed to the bank" is cancelled out by the "credit in the loan recipients account, which he eventually must repay".
Now, when the loan recipient makes repayments, this "wipes out" a certain amount of the loan - in the "debt to the bank" side of the ledger (it's another bank account, but it's a "balanced" ledger).
The fact the loan --capital-- repayments cause the "debt to the bank" side of the ledger to be cancelled out (that is, zeroed out), it sort of looks "fair and reasonable".
But in fact is is incredibly unfair, as follows:
   - the ledger entries were created by the bank - the debt, and the credit sides of the ledger
   - no one's deposit in the bank ever reduced, so the bank creates this ledger-pair, out of nothing, just the click of a computer button
   - so the bank literally created the "credit" side of the ledger, which appears "as money" in the borrower's account - this is what is effectively "money" in this debt based federal reserve system
   - BUT, not only does the borrower promise to repay the loan, the borrower promises to repay the interest AS WELL
   - and that interest is not created at the time the loan ledger entries are created
   - and so, fundamentally (multiplied across millions of such loans), the system is unbalanced, and people may be able to repay the interest, but it is systemically (mathematically) not possible for all loans to be repaid by everyone
We see that the banks receive not only the "repayment" of the original loan capital amount (which was created from nothing - essentially fraud or counterfeiting), but ALSO, and most importantly, the loan interest.
And the banks get paid this interest for no reason whatsoever, other than that they have a monopoly on creating loan ledger entries.
And each loan that's created, has the repayments (of capital AND interest) --guaranteed-- by the borrower.
So the borrower does all the hard work of finding and paying the interest, and the bank just clicked a couple buttons on the computer.
Now, this is just the smallest part of the unfairness:
   - not only do the banks have all their loan ledger entries guaranteed by the borrowers
   - not only do the borrowers do all the work of repaying all the interest, AND (theoretically at least) all the capital (in reality, at a collective view, the can always gets kicked further and further down the road, since it's not possible for everyone to ever repay all loans, since much of the capital amounts were used to make interest payments)
   - : the banks IGNORE the "debt (to the bank)" side of the ledger, and (essentially) account for the "credit deposit into the borrower's account" as though that's a "capital deposit" for the bank - in other words, the borrower e.g. uses his loan to buy a house, and immediately transfers his loan money from his account, to the house seller's account, and voi la, the money is now in someone else's bank account - STILL as a credit for the bank
   - so every loan, at the initial moment of issue, appears as a credit in one or another bank's accounts - this is "new money" even though there's a corresponding debt/debit account ledger entry somewhere
   - all this new money, being deposits, is "capital" --- against which the bank "issues new loans"!
   - the ratio of capital to loans is the "reserve ratio", which was around 15% but years ago got reduced to 3% and from memory even lower
   - various websites define this ratio in the wrong way as follows:
      Quora
               Its simply the portion of a bank's total deposits that it should keep as cash.
         If a bank has 100 Million as total deposits and the Central Bank has recommended a 10% Reserve Ratio, then a bank should keep 10 million as cash. Here cash means either as Vault Cash or as deposits with the Central Bank.
      Investopedia
               The reserve ratio is the portion of reservable liabilities that commercial banks must hold onto, rather than lend out or invest. This is a requirement determined by the country's central bank, which in the United States is the Federal Reserve. It is also known as the cash reserve ratio.
         U.S. commercial banks are required to hold reserves against their total reservable liabilities (deposits) which cannot be lent out by the bank. Reservable liabilities include net transaction accounts, nonpersonal time deposits and Eurocurrency liabilities.
      Wikipedia
               The reserve requirement (or cash reserve ratio) is a central bank regulation that sets the minimum amount of reserves that must be held by a commercial bank. The minimum reserve is generally determined by the central bank to be no less than a specified percentage of the amount of deposit liabilities the commercial bank owes to its customers. The commercial bank's reserves normally consist of cash owned by the bank and stored physically in the bank vault (vault cash), plus the amount of the commercial bank's balance in that bank's account with the central bank.
   - The deception in these definitions is that they leave us with the sense that if a bank "has $100 million in deposits/credit etc" on its ledger, then if it has a reserve ratio requirement of 10% it is only allowed to lend out $90 million.
     In reality, the reserve ratio percentage is applied to the ratio of total loans, to total deposits, meaning that a bank that has $100 million in deposits, and has a reserve ration requirement of 10% can loan out up to $900 million in loans, since that leaves their $100 million as a resulting 10% of the total amount "loans PLUS deposits"!
So why is this all so unfair?
   The bank has say $100 million in deposits, and gets to loan out $900 million, AND charge interest on those $900 million in loans!
   So because their loan to deposit ratio is actually leverage, a 3% interest rate, and maximizing 'allowed' loans, means that "on deposits of $100 million" this bank gets to collect 3% interest in the $900 million of loans (per year), which is 0.03 * 900 million which = 27 million.
   AND, we can now see that 27 million / 100 million, is not a 3% return on capital, but actually a 27 % return on capital!
   Because of leverage.
   And with bail outs, Too Big To Fail and QE infinity, these banks carry essentially zero risk.
In reality, the banks just keep leveraging up, year after year, as fast as they can find schmucks to sign the contracts to promise to pay the loans back WITH INTEREST, and collect incredible, and incredibly extortionate, "profits" on everybody else's efforts.
Hopefully it should now be clear that since 1913, there is no US central bank, only a highly extortionate Federal Reserve banking system, where the Federal Reserve is neither federal, nor a government reserve bank, since it is literally owned by private interests (other, also private, banks).
Yes, an actual federal or government owned and controlled bank, would be a hell of a lot better for America.
It may not be a Star Trek utopia, but it would be much better than what we have now.
This is why the word "transition" is the way to think of this, in the context of aiming for an anarchist utopia - "first ditch the super leaches".
But as Cari pointed out, perhaps this is a false dichotomy, where we should really be aiming straight for some better utopia, free of banks at all or something...
A "reversion to something resembling nationalism", rather than a globally dominant uni-power, is arguably better than the globalist utopia that the globalist bankers were very close to achieving, which in fact appears to be (albeit only marginally) beginning to unwind.
Cari might (again) call this (and possibly correctly) another false dichotomy.  What it is is a comparison of globalist, vs nationalist.
To get out of that dichotomy, we say "no sorry, try anarchist".
To which the pragmatist replies: please present your a step to help us move toward anarchism.
Although the globalists did destroy Libya and the pan-Arab gold backed currency project Qadhafi was promulgating, they failed to get Iran and North Korea to join their IMF/BIS federal reserve banking system.  Courtesy Putin.  Which might possibly be why Soros and the rest of (((his tribe))) are still screaching loudly at "the evil Putin":
[ when reading the following, remember that Putin's mother is Jewish, making Putin also Jewish :) ]
   Europe is under attack!’ George Soros’ chilling Russia warning in Putin swipe 2020-02-04
         VLADIMIR PUTIN has angered Western leaders and politicians with his country's aggressive foreign policy and chilling arms race with the US. However, one of the most vocal critics of the Russian President in recent years is billionaire investor George Soros, who delivered a chilling warning that "Europe is under attack from Russia".
   Soros Pledges $1 Billion To Battle 'Would-Be, Actual Dictators,' Blasts Trump, Putin 2020-01-24
      Soros' Plan To Overthrow Putin & Destabilise Russia 2019-03-02
         .. That Putin would name-check Soros in his press conference with Trump is no accident. Putin has sounded the dog whistle on anti-Semitism before, when on the spot about hacking. Now he’s doing it again, reaching the far right the world over.
   Putin: George Soros is Meddling in Elections, NOT Russia 2018-07-17
         .. When asked about accusations that he attempted to manipulate, Putin explained that Russian individuals do not represent the whole of Russia, just as George Soros meddling in US elections isn't representative on the rest of the United States.
   Putin’s reference to George Soros was a dog whistle to far-right anti-Semites 2018-07-16
      Soros Blames Putin & Russia for Italy’s New ‘Anti-EU and Anti-immigrant’ Coalition Government 2018-06-06
         As the Russiagate conspiracy theory continues to disintegrate in the US, other globalist anti-Russian voices remain strong, including George Soros who is busy scape-goating Moscow for all of the EU’s problems and structural failures.
   Vladimir Putin CRUSHES George Soros for all western “leaders” to see (Video) 2018-06-06
      Soros perpetuates myth of Russian bogeyman, blames Putin for Italian anti-immigrant party 2018-06-05
      George Soros attacks Vladimir Putin | CNBC International 2016-10-06
         Twelve months ago President Putin banned Soros' charities in Russia as a 'security threat'. Now the billionaire has condemned Putin's bombing of Syrian civilians and hospitals in Aleppo.
      [REMEMBER: Putin bombs his allies hospitals and children ... or something.]
   Leaked Memos Show George Soros Plotted to Oust Putin, Destabilize Russia 2016-08-27
      Soros and his ‘226 EU friends’ thrust into spotlight by Farage – so who are they? 2017-11-17
         “We even had last week Mr. [Guy] Verhofstadt lobbying on behalf of Mr. Soros at the Conference of Presidents in a battle that is going on with Viktor Orban, the prime minister of Hungary,” Farage said, pointing directly at Verhofstadt as he spoke.
            “I wonder,” Farage continued, “when we are talking about ‘political collusion,’ I wonder if we are looking in the wrong place.”
      Farage described Soros’s influence in Strasbourg and Brussels as “truly extraordinary.” And that influence looks set to increase dramatically now that Soros has donated the bulk of his wealth - $18 billion - into his Open Society pet project, which campaigns for open borders and supranational structures such as the European Union.
         ‘Obama has been too Soft on Putin,’ Said Soros as he Called the Shots on Ukraine 2016-08-20
      Vladimir Putin to George Soros: Thank God we kicked you out of Russia 2016-08-17
         .. Russia kicked Soros out of the country last year for good reasons.[1] It was Soros who helped ruin the Russian and Polish economy in the early 1990s.[2] Like the great white shark who can forcibly copulate with a female, Soros moves around and looks for his prey virtually everywhere. Matt Taibbi of the Rolling Stone said of Goldman Sachs six years ago:
      “The first thing you need to know about Goldman Sachs is that it’s everywhere. The world’s most powerful investment bank is a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money.
   US government, Soros funded Panama Papers to attack Putin – WikiLeaks 2016-04-06
      George Soros’ Anti-Kremlin Info Laundering Backfires on Clinton, Cameron 2016-04-05
      George Soros: A psychopath’s psychopath 2016-02-13
          According to Soros, Russia’s strategy is to “avoid collapse by making the EU implode first – by exacerbating the migration crisis and stoking Islamophobia”.
       On February 11, the Guardian ran an article by George Soros which had run a day earlier here entitled “Putin is a bigger threat to Europe’s existence than Isis.”
   Soros: 'Putin aims at EU disintegration, threat from Russia bigger than from jihadi attacks' 2016-02-11
      It's Been Fund: Russia Sends Soros Speculating His Way Out the Door 2015-11-30
      Soros Flaring Flames of Ukraine War to Force Regime Change in Russia 2015-06-05
      George Soros: Russia poses existential threat to Europe 2014-10-23
         Investor [George SOROS] says Vladimir Putin’s aggressive nationalism challenges values and principles on which the EU was founded

@_date: 2020-05-05 09:49:36
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Soul Cookie - chillaxin' Akita - [PEACE] 
Some doggos enjoy Kylie Minogue, and can't get her outta their head ;)
   Akita Dances Along to Beat of Pop Song

@_date: 2020-05-05 19:49:33
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: nationalism vs globalism - urgent need for national tarriffs and 
dichotomies
As false a dichotomy as it may be, on a choice between globalism and nationalism, I choose not globalism.
Australians - all ~13 million whites - simply cannot compete against ~1.4 billion Chinese willing to work for literally a few dollars a day.
Globalism means no tarriffs in Australia protecting Australian jobs.
Jobs for Aussies, rather than enslaving and entraining government "dole" handouts and the consequent DGAF population that results, requires what we may term "reindustrialization".
Whilst we have a government, and prior versions of this government deindustrialized Australia by literally exporting almost our entire manufacturing sector to China, and removed all tarriffs, and therefore we lost most of our jobs, it is right that the present version of our government is getting behind MAGA, which may as well be an alias for reindustrialization.
Previous government caused the problem (deindustrialization) so the present government appears to now be allowed to fix the problem, in the face of the China virus and Wuhan Health Organisation.
The situation applies in America.
To speed up this reindustrialization, our respective governments have no choice but to reintroduce significant import tarriffs, possibly up to 100% or more.
We in Australia, and I believe also the USA, simply cannot compete against the will of the Chinese to work for peanuts.
So in the context of all this, and in the face of a lack of viable options (sorry about the dichotomy, feel free to suggest better moves forward), I choose and support nationalism over globalism.
We have the right to act "collectively" by proxy of our government, at least to the extent this is possible/a reality.
To the extent it helps return Australian jobs to Australia, and Australian land and the fruits thereof to Australians, and whilst we have a government and are awaiting the promised anarchist utopia, our government can even use targetted export taxes where appropriate, e.g. on beef, or land sale by foreigners etc., in order to get this renationalisation show on the road...
Interestingly, there are shimmers of a simmering discontent, some of which may well be putting a rocket boosted shiver up the spine of the Rothschilds:
   Italian Town Creates New Currency To Cope With COVID-19
      Authored by Joshua Mapperson via CoinTelegraph.com,
      The Italian town of Bisaccia is the latest to offer homes for $1, and this time there's no minimum you have to spend on renovations
      Two Italian Towns Are Selling Homes for $1—Here’s How to Get One
      Italian town prints own currency to help locals and businesses
      Italian Town Prints Its Own Currency to Fight Austerity Measures

@_date: 2020-05-06 08:19:43
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: NY rooftop dancing -- Re: Soleimani, another perspective -- was Re: 
Israeli MoD's project to "bury the rooftop dancing Israeli 9/11 search results" has come unstuck:
   I Can't Dance: Israeli Military Shuts Down Its 'Dancer Initiative' as Viral Video Reportedly Upsets Top Brass
         .. "Senior officers did not like the sight of men dancing like that in military fatigues. Apparently, to them, it disgraced the military," the Army Radio reportedly said.

@_date: 2020-05-06 11:11:59
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Sustainable anarchist 'communities' 
Thank you again Cari.  Some thoughts:
For anything to last, there must be relevence or perhaps "reality", for the individual.
Fear is one reality, along with love, and survival, and joy and much more.
The survival imperative, gives rise to fear of the unknown (such as a virus) as well as to action.
Some actions are more grounded in reality than others.
One foundation of sustainable anarchist communities, or families, or individuals, is food and water.
Sustaining ones body is a fundamental to survival.
So too is protection from hail storms, and extremes of heat and cold, thus the need for some form of shelter, be it a bridge, or a mansion.
Many clamour for trappings (the mansions, cars etc) to Keep up with Jones's, and without sufficient thought, enslave themselves for decades to usurious banks.
Since abundance is an engineering problem, wisdom might decree cooperation with fellow humans to manifest abundance, without the enslavement of decades of usurious interest payments.  Example - a barn raising, credit cooperatives (before they get bought out by a bank), food growing cooperatives, barter.
Abundance is "merely" an engineering problem... we should work together to uplift, not enslave.
For something to be real to the individual, pathways of action must be cognized, and many also require social validation/reinforcement (thus, pathetic virtue signalling).
Trailblazers or "pioneers" (e.g. RMS) do not need social validation.

@_date: 2020-05-06 19:26:05
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Deep Divers, there is no such thing as liberation tech 
Let the Z.g rephrase that for you:
There is technology and there is technology, not all same same - some tech is directly employed to fascist Orwellian ends.
Such tech ain't the hammer we ought be buildin, n.ggah!
There are AR-15s and there are nuclear bombs, and there is a qualitative difference between the two and although some might give an actual hammer to a 2 year old (at least when she's not in front of the TV or your big toe), there are few indeed whom one might consider handing an actual atomic bomb to.
Thanks for highlighting this difference PunkStasi, really appreciated ;)

@_date: 2020-05-06 19:30:29
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Deep Divers, there is no such thing as liberation tech 
Ooh, nasty!  Digital Chinese water torture... Didn't think ya had it in you, grarpamp.

@_date: 2020-05-07 10:27:30
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Resistance - Mum keeps salon open, in face of court order, gets 7 
Ho ho muh n.ggers, this all-American mom's a legend - she publicly tore up the order served on her to close her salon, politely stood up to the judge, saying "So, sir, if you think the law’s more important than kids getting fed, then please go ahead with your decision. But I am not going to shut the salon", and got 7 days in jail for the privilege!
A GoFundMe has raised $265k for her.
Live your truth, peeps!  If you ain't livin' it, you ain't got it.
Human rights are lived.  But doing so may result in jail, so advise yourself accordingly.
   So, sir, if you think the law’s more important than kids getting fed, then please go ahead with your decision. But I am not going to shut the salon.
         ... While criminals are being released into the streets, Shelley was sentenced to 7 days in jail.
            — Sara Gonzales ( May 5, 2020

@_date: 2020-05-08 08:32:57
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Michael Flynn discovers 1st in America: lawyers "betrayed" him 
Well, it looks like Flynn be the first General reinstated - although at the hands of the waning Clinton/Obama justice department, technically not 'sacked by Obama' ...
   He Is "An Innocent Man" - Trump Happy After DoJ Drops All Charges Against General Flynn
         Shortly after Brandon Van Grack, chief of the Justice Department’s Foreign Agents Registration Act division, filed a notice of his withdrawal in federal court in Washington, The Justice Department has this morning filed a motion to drop the criminal case against President Donald Trump’s first national security adviser, Michael Flynn, abandoning the critical leg of many leftists' belief in the Russia collusion bullshit.
      As Byron York notes, the Justice Department finally concedes it had no basis to interview Michael Flynn on January 24, 2017, with the move coming less than a week after unsealed documents in the case fueled renewed claims by Flynn that FBI agents had cooked up a bogus case against him, and as AP reports, is a stunning reversal for one of the signature cases brought by special counsel Robert Mueller.
         .. “What happened to General Michael Flynn, a war hero, should never be allowed to happen to a citizen of the United States again!” ...
[The only way to stop such stuff happening "to a citizen of the US again" would be to dismantle the power and structures permitting this; not holding out much hope of that...]
   ‘Get Him to Lie or Get Him Fired?’ FBI 'Mulled Prosecuting' Michael Flynn Before Interview
      Unsealed FBI Handwritten Notes, Emails Reveal Agents Plotted Perjury Trap On Flynn
            ..  Devastating flashback clip of Comey just aired on  show.
          When asked who went around the protocol of going through the WH Counsel’s office and instead decided to send the FBI agents into White House for the Flynn perjury trap...
          ...Comey smugly responds “I sent them.”       ...
   Trump Defends Former Adviser Flynn, Says He is 'Fine Man' Tormented by 'Dirty Cops'
         .. The former US official pleaded guilty to making "false and fraudulent statements" to the FBI regarding his contacts with Russian Ambassador to the US Sergei Kislyak in 2016, but has still not been sentenced and has been attempting to withdraw his plea since mid-January 2020.
   "Don't Close RAZOR": Flynn FBI Setup Continues To Unravel As Texts Reveal Strzok Went Off The Rails
         .. President Trump said at a press conference today that he would consider bringing Michael Flynn back into the administration, saying that his former national security adviser is "essentially exonerated."
   Why Michael Flynn Was Set Up

@_date: 2020-05-08 09:43:14
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Plague of Corruption - Dr. Judy Mikovits - Dr. Anthony (Tony) Fauci 
Speaking of "justice", try 5 years jail, no warrant, no charges, no trial, no conviction.
THIS is the USA.
   YouTube Deletes Viral Video Claiming Dr. Fauci Spewing 'Absolute Propaganda' About COVID-19
      Plandemic Part 1
      Yandex:             (Whack a mole bannings on J.wTube, so only on FaceBook, and presumably elsewhere, at the moment.)

@_date: 2020-05-09 16:07:26
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: When we fail to vet those we allow into Australia - hate crimes 
How do we bring peace to our countries and neighbourhoods - it's an ongoing question, and one which suggests that on a global level, different people or at least those of different religious persuasions, live different ethics, and mixing such differing "cultures" often enough results in murder, as we see here, with the police calling multiple murders a "home invasion".
   VICTORIA: Violent Home Invasion leaves TWO DEAD
      It may not be too late to protect our "Aussie culture" - those who live here and value the Aussie's relaxed, open and larrikin nature, would do well to contemplate on ways to protect this and uphold publicly our right to protect our culture.
It is not only the "culture of minorities" that needs protecting.

@_date: 2020-05-09 17:02:43
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: 4th May; 4,350 miles over Pacific Ocean; 2020JJ; ~2.7-6m dia -- Re: 
be afraid & Get Out Yer Telescopes :D
The 6th closest asteroid to Earth recorded since 1900, named 2020JJ, which escaped detection prior to arrival over the Pacific Ocean on 4th May 2020, was not very big - just "truck sized" at about 2.7 to 6 meters diameter and therefore likely would have burnt up in the atmosphere prior to hitting the Earth if it had been on a collision course.
   Truck-Sized Asteroid Avoids Detection Ahead of Near-Record Close Flyby Over Earth
         .. CNET highlighted that out of the top 10 closest near-Earth flybys recorded by NASA since 1900, 2020 JJ ranks as the sixth-closest approach. Moreover, all of the asteroids in NASA’s top 10 passed by in 2004 or later.
      “This isn't because asteroids started attacking us in the 21st century. Rather, it says something about how astronomers and their technology are becoming better at spotting ever-smaller and closer asteroids,” noted CNET’s Eric Mack. ...
The next big-ish asteroid we no longer need to really keep an eye on is 99942 Apophis, ~370m diameter, next due 2029 and on course to fly BELOW geosynchronous (some satellites) orbit:
   which as of December 2004, briefly reached "4" on the Torino Scale (0-10, higher is worse, comparing kinetic energy with probability of impact), the highest level of any object recorded so far:
   For the time being, for all yer fear porn, look elsewhere than asteroids..

@_date: 2020-05-10 10:21:43
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: They Know What's Best For Me 
Keep front running sedition, muffas :D
   "In fact, they know me better than I know me."

@_date: 2020-05-10 23:34:27
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [Soul Cookie] - 'The Russians Are Coming': How East Germans Met 
A Soul Cookie for our weary locked down covidbrains - some personal recollections of a child as The Russians were coming, and did indeed come!
   'The Russians Are Coming': How East Germans Met Soviet Soldiers in 1945
         .. The soldiers almost panicked when talking about the horrors to be expected from the Russians, always advising my mother to "flee" to the west as soon as possible. But we had no relatives or acquaintances in Germany who could shelter us. ...

@_date: 2020-05-11 10:20:20
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Tanzanian president Magufuli puts WHO niggers in their place 
Tanzanian president John Magufuli put WHO niggers in their place when he became suspicious of WHO and sent them samples of papaya, a goat and a quail, for COVID-19 testing.
All samples came back from the WHO as "positive for COVID-19".
Magufuli then kicked the WHO out of Tanzania ~2 days ago and fired the head of Tanzania's testing lab.
   "We Sent Them Samples Of A Goat, A Papaya & A Pheasant": Tanzanian President Catches WHO In Epic Lie
         .. But we'd love to hear Bill Gates regale us with "data-based arguments" about why the WHO is indispensable to the international effort to combat the coronavirus.

@_date: 2020-05-11 15:30:56
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: White ancestry - we really wuz Kangz -- Re: Gifts that keep on 
WHITE" flyers - [PEACE]
   Rh- Negative Blood and Antediluvian Civilizations (Robert Sepehr)-ls_ZtM1Itzs.mp4
      ~07:56
   Robert Sepehr, Anthropologist, author
      .. The caucasoid Basque people "do not fit in with the rest of the European population", and they are unique in relation to blood.
      .. Rh-negative blood types.
      .. [also the pre-dynastic (pre-Egyptian), blonde and red haired, blue eyed, -indigenous- Berber's of North West Africa]
      .. Blavatsky: "If then the Basque and Cromagnon cave men, are of the same race as the Canary Islands' Guanches, it follows that the former are also allied to the aboriginies of America - the Atlantean affinities of the three types becomes patent."
We are the monority.  In particular the "Rh negatives".
We wuz Kangz before there were kangz, though given it's ultimate fate, Atlantis may not be so much to write home about :/

@_date: 2020-05-11 18:34:18
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: An hour of animaed dragons, amulets and eternal love -- Re: [Soul 
An hour of animaed dragons, amulets and eternal love.  For the Soul, muh grits ..
   Saints Peter & Fevronia - English subtitles
      Dey Russians ain't coming - dey is arrived :)

@_date: 2020-05-11 19:23:54
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: How long countries lasted against Germany in WWII -- Re: [RUS] Who 
Remembrance. Rewriting history - Red Army’s role in liberating Europe censored in the West-gGOnJJRYy4o
   [RT WWII documentary]
   52:33
   Here's the punch line:
   [23:28] Today, many among the European elites prefer to overlook the fact that back then, there was no one in Europe who could actually fight back against fascism.
   The governments of some countries endorsed Hitler, while for the others, it was a matter of days before they capitulated:
   [23:55]
   France lasted 43 days
   Poland       36 days
   Greece       24 days
   Norway       24 days
   Belgium      18 days
   Yugoslavia   11 days
   Netherlands   5 days
   Albania       3 days
   Denmark       1 day
   Czechoslvakia - "surrendered without a fight"
   The USSR?  Fought on for FOUR years!
   [24:25] Neither the Soviet authorities, nor the people, ever dreampt about leaving their country at the mercy of fascists.
   That's why, all over Europe, there are millions of graves of Soviet soldiers.
   .. [24:55] The brunt of the suffering was borne by the Soviet Union - almost half of the deaths of World War II were suffered by the Soviet Union; both in the Red Army, and among the civilian population.  And they played a decisive role in the final victory over Nazi Germany.
Russians.  What a people.

@_date: 2020-05-13 09:35:54
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Rebellious cop refuses to remove "don't obey tyrannical orders" 
7 days jail - [PEACE]
Wow.  And well, well, well.  Perhaps 202 be dey year of slowly dripping resistance...
from tearing up "close your store orders, let the gubmint pay for your children's food instead" to "no, I will leave up my video reminding my fellow police officers to not obey tyrannical orders", and Trump recently tweeting to "resist" and "save your precious 2nd amendment", 2020 is beginning to look like the beginnings of a rebuild of human moral standing and opposition to tyranny.  It just a start, but it be a good start.
   Seattle Cop Prepares To Be Fired After Refusing To Remove Viral Video Reminding Officers Not To Obey 'Tyrannical Orders'
            A Port of Seattle Police Officer has been placed on administrative leave after refusing to delete a viral video reminding police officers that they don't have unlimited powers.
      "I have seen officers around the country enforcing tyrannical orders; I was hoping it was a minority of officers, anymore, I am not so sure," said Officer Greg Anderson, a Special Forces veteran.
            Anderson took to Instagram on Tuesday to explain that he will likely be fired for refusing to remove the video, as it is considered insubordination.
         I’ve received tons of questions regarding my termination from the Port of Seattle Police. So I figured I should explain. I have been placed on administrative leave (still being paid) pending investigation. I was told by both the agency and my union that this will result in termination due to it being an insubordination charge for refusing to take down the video. I’m not sure what the timeline looks like. I walk un-intimidated into the fray. Thank you for all the support🙏🏻                       A GoFundMe has been established for Anderson which has already raised over $250,000 as of this writing, exceeding its original goal of $50,000.
       "As this officer fights for his career, Gov. Jay Inlslee is releasing violent felons who have gone on to commit new crimes."
Some of this fine officer's words:
   Special forces veteran and Police Officer Greg Anderson
         .. I wanna remind you [my fellow police officers] that regardless of where you stand on the Coronavirus,
      we don't have the authority to do those things to people,
      just because a mayor or a governor tells you otherwise.
      Ah, I don't care if it's your Sergeant, or Chief of Police,
      we don't get to violate people's constitutional rights, because somebody in our chain of command, tells us otherwise.
      It's -not- how this country works.
      ...

@_date: 2020-05-15 11:09:58
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Breaking: Dangerous Fascist At Large At Michigan Capital, And Also 
Be extra cautious if you're in or around Lansing, Michigan, as there are reports (see below) of a dangerous fascist at large.
Stay safe,
   Breaking: Dangerous Fascist At Large At Michigan Capital And Also Some Peaceful Protesters With Guns

@_date: 2020-05-16 12:05:30
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Dalton Minimum possible over next few years -- Re: It is Global 
You're right Zenaan, global cooling and a new Dalton Minimum might be about to hit us over the next few years - anuddah "mini Ice Age" possible, apparently:
   Global Cooling!! Low Solar Activity To Cause Temperatures To Plummet, Say Scientists
     Paul Joseph Watson via Summit News
            `The Sun is entering a period of “solar minimum” that could cause temperatures to plummet by up to 2C over 20 years and trigger a global famine, according to experts.
      Solar activity has entered a deep decline with scientists saying there have already been 100 days this year where the sun has displayed zero sunspots.
      NASA boffins say this means that the earth could be about to experience a new “Dalton Minimum,” the period between 1790 and 1830 which led to a severe prolonged cold snap and massive volcanic eruptions.
         “This means were could be entering one of the deepest period of sunshine recession which could trigger long periods of cold, famine and other issues,” reports the Daily Star.
               The Sun has now recorded two consecutive years of record setting spotlessness, being blank 77% of the time in 2019 and 76% of the time so far this year.
      This means a deep solar minimum is coming which will cause temperatures to drop drastically.
      This once again serves as a reminder that the Sun is by far the most influential driver of climate and makes the impact of so-called man-made climate change look tame in comparison.
      How are institutions of science, academia and media that have fully committed to the notion that anthropogenic global warming will cause environmental devastation going to react when the globe starts rapidly cooling?
      Meanwhile, Greta Thunberg has been noticeably quiet on the matter.
         PJW on Greta Thunberg and "peak masculinity"
         ~20MiB

@_date: 2020-05-16 21:27:19
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Victims of Post-9/11 Political Torture 
It's not very interesting at this point, since of all the relatives of the >2000 victims of this inside job, all but a single one (a mother of one of those who died) took the blood money silence payment.
All but one.
She fought for years in the courts.  Don't know how that concluded, if at all - but given that everyone else folded, she will be (if any) the only one "worthy of any persecution" anyway.

@_date: 2020-05-18 21:20:47
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Coronavirus: Thread 
At's hysterical, muh grits:
   Can't Make This Up: Beijing Begins Construction Of A P-3 Biolab
         .. one would think that China would do everything in its power to defuse one of the core accusations by the Trump administration, namely that the Wuhan Institute of Virology (WIV) in China was the source of the global coronavirus pandemic
      .. Well, one would be wrong, because in a "completely unexpected" twist - assuming China was indeed telling the truth and that the WIV had nothing to do with the original viral release - on Friday, a senior Chinese official confirmed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo’s allegation that Beijing had told labs in the country to destroy coronavirus samples in early January.
      Recall that in a May 6 press briefing, Pompeo accused China of covering up the Covid-19 outbreak as it emerged in the central city of Wuhan, saying China’s National Health Commission had ordered destruction of samples of the virus on Jan. 3.
      Asked about those comments at a press briefing in Beijing on Friday, NHC official Liu Dengfeng confirmed that the commission had issued these guidelines at that time "for pandemic prevention and control, which also played an important role in preventing biosafety risks."
      .. but wait a gosh darned minute? According to Dengfeng, China is basically admitting that the coronavirus samples - which were held in China's P-4 rated, top "biosafety" lab in Wuhan which incidentally is also where the virus was leaked from according to a mountain of circumstantial evidence - were not safe in the Wuhan lab and thus had to be destroyed?
      .. So .. what does China do? Why it plans to build an entirely new biolab, only this time not in the industrial backwater of Wuhan, but in the capital itself.
      According to the Global Times, China's capital Beijing will build its own, P-3 rated laboratory "to improve and explore infectious disease detection capacity" Lei Haichao, director of Beijing Municipal Health Commission, said at a press conference on Sunday, Chinanews reported.       There is no P-3 laboratory in Beijing now, while the nation's only P-4 lab - which as a reminder  is the highest level of biosafety precautions, and is appropriate for work with "agents that could easily be aerosol-transmitted within the laboratory and cause severe to fatal disease in humans for which there are no available vaccines or treatments" - remains in Wuhan.
      ...
In other words, it is time to prep up for that 2nd wave :D
Don't laugh too hard - at's a lotta bat soup will no longer be eat!

@_date: 2020-05-19 11:52:24
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: [gilmay97@gmail.com: Secretary of State Pompeo admits =?utf-8?Q?C?= 
The drill continues ...
Bring on national sovereignty and the multi polar world, tyvm.

@_date: 2020-05-19 18:18:01
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Coronavirus: Thread 
Hey hey not only the EU, most of Africa and SE Asia, but also Russia, India and more are backing Australia's call for this China Virus investigation!
ScoMo (Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison) finally has something to feel good about - leading the charge on the Wuhan Kung Flu virus investigation, backed up by most of the world - no longer can ScoMo be called gutless :D
I'll give ScoMo a dollar for dignity, but he still don't deserve to be re-elected.  If he gets steel ball replacement surgery and continues to man up, perhaps there's hope for him yet...
Alright alright, he was pretty gutless to keep the floodgates open in February to Chinese students (35,000 of them came in!) in the face of the COVIDstavaganza, but hey, he's beginning to redeem hiss.elf.
   "We Are With Them!" - Trump Celebrates As More Than 100 States Back COVID China Probe
         .. The African Union's 54 member states will co-sponsor the Australian motion, joining 62 other countries including Russia, Indonesia, India, Japan, Britain, the US and Canada, along with all of the European Union's 27 members as well as Brazil, South Korea, Mexico, Turkey and New Zealand. ...

@_date: 2020-05-20 20:15:19
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Second American Revolution - State Governors Flee In Terror As 
State Governors Flee In Terror As Hairstylists Wielding Shears Lead Mass Uprising
         .. But hairstylists aren't most people. They have begun what is being called the "Second American Revolution," descending on state capitol buildings wielding scissors, shears, hairdryers, and curling irons.
      .. "You may take our lives, but you'll never take our salons! FREEDOM!" cried one woman ...

@_date: 2020-05-21 11:07:06
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Palestinian referendum proposed to UN -- Re: AIPAC: Bernie Sanders 
Palestinians"
If Israelis want to avoid the prophecy, they might consider the wisdom of making peace in their own back yard.
Iran proposes a Palestinian referendum to the UN:
   Iranian Supreme Leader Tweets Country Will Support Any Nation That Fights Israel
         .. "A proposal for a referendum to choose the type of govt for the historical country of  was registered with the UN as offered by Iran. We say the true Palestinians with Palestinian roots of at least 100 years, and Palestinians living abroad, choose the govt of Palestine."
      ..

@_date: 2020-05-27 20:35:48
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: grounds for censorship - Morticians are never compromised, autopsies 
[From the Streissand department of always ignoring what someone you don't like says.]
So it's really, really important to know that morticians never ever compromise their ethics (I mean, dead people are the most important people in the world, so no one would EVER consider, let alone actually do, a dodgy autopsy report) and, so, absolutely ALL autopsies are bonafide, +1 thumbs up, absolutely correct in every detail!
Do NOT forget this truth - autopsies are always always true and correct and are never ever faked or doctored.  The motivation and money bribes available by the rich and powerful to bribe a mortician has simply never made in through the squeaky clean doors of simply ALL morticians ever, so do not even consider the possibility that such abominable practices could ever happen!
Squeakity squeak ...
   Trump Doubles Down As Widower, Media Demand "Inhumane" Scarborough Murder Tweets Be Deleted
         .. Klausutis's cause was taken up by Recode editor and New York Times opinion writer Kara Swisher, once considered "the dean of tech journalism". Swisher has long been a proponent of increasing censorship across social media platforms, and her latest piece urging twitter to finally 'do something' about its most 'problematic' user' reads like just another hypersensitive, overblown piece of clickbait trash, with Swisher describing Trump's tweets as "inhumane" - yes, she used that word - as if he had signed off on the napalming of a small village in Vietnam, instead of firing off a handful of tweets, which would have only been seen by a small fraction of his 80 million users if 'reporters' like Swisher hadn't chosen to write about it.
      Trump offered a defense of his tweets Tuesday morning.
          ....about whether or not Joe could have done such a horrible thing? Maybe or maybe not, but I find Joe to be a total Nut Job, and I knew him well, far better than most. So many unanswered & obvious questions, but I won’t bring them up now! Law enforcement eventually will?
              — Donald J. Trump ( May 26, 2020
                    .. Update (1120ET): Less than an hour after we posted our previous update to this post, Swisher popped up on CNBC, wearing her trademark dark sunglasses
      .. Then she launched into her argument, .. Twitter is a private, not a public, platform, therefore, it has an obligation to remove "offensive" content. Responding to the argument that Trump's tweets are inherently newsworthy, Swisher argued that there was nothing 'newsworthy' about Trump's tweets (they took one of Bolsonaro's tweets down, she protested).
      .. As a potential solution, Swisher said Twitter should consider adopting a "content board" to review controversial tweets.

@_date: 2020-05-27 21:34:06
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: China Issues Stay-At-Home Order To Hong Kong To Prevent Spread Of 
For the n.ggers among us :D
   Black Man Votes Republican, Immediately Turns White
         .. There are now signs up at the voting location warning black voters that if they vote Republican they may also suddenly turn white.
   'I Can't Believe Christians Think It's Safe To Go Back To Church,' Says Woman In Line At Walmart
         .. "Close proximity with all those people, singing and stuff? Man, those people are really anti-science," she said as she waited in line with 57 other people, pushing a cart that hadn't been cleaned in days. "It's like, read one of those sciency books, you know? Or watch that science guy on TV."
   China Issues Stay-At-Home Order To Hong Kong To Prevent Spread Of Democracy
         .. Reaction by the American media was swift. “Wow, China is so great! I wish we could be like China!” exclaimed numerous journalists. “Why can’t Trump be China?”
      American politicians also spoke up on the order. “Hopefully the people in Hong Kong will be more compliant than Americans,” said Michigan governor Gretchen Whitmer. “We issued our stay-at-home order far too late to stop the spread of the idea that people have liberty and can do whatever they want.”
Other Babylon Bee headlines found here:
   To Save Time, The Babylon Bee Will Now Just Republish Everything Biden Says Verbatim
         ... We're tired of trying to out-parody things like "I got hairy legs that turn blonde in the sun and the kids used to reach in the pool and rub my leg down and watch the hair come back up again" and "Corn Pop was a bad dude."
      Like, what do you do with that? Seriously. Go ahead. Try to satirize it. Anything you do just doesn't have that perfect mix of absurdity and reality that makes satire work so effective at communicating truth. So we're throwing in the towel. ...
      ... Finally, laugh at these hilarious Babylon Bee headlines from our new best satirist, Joe Biden:
       - Biden: 'Poor Kids Are Just As Bright As White Kids'
       - Joe Biden Says All Men And Women Are Created By You Know The Thing
       - Presidential Candidate Nibbles On His Wife's Fingers
       - Joe Biden: 'I'm Going To Beat Joe Biden'
       - 'Go To Joe 30330' Says Joe
       - Biden Tells Campaign Rally 'We Choose Truth Over Facts'
       - Joe Biden Calls Iowa Man 'Fat' And A '[FLOWERBED] Liar'

@_date: 2020-05-28 14:00:41
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Plandemic 'Whack a mole' still ongoing - take notice of that which 
(Tony) Fauci exposed - [PEACE] [JUSTICE]
Plandemic "whack a mole" censorship still in full swing:
   Google Drive Takes Down Personal Copy Of "Plandemic"
    Mac Slavo via SHTFplan.com
            If there was ever a time in history to pay attention, it’s now.  It’s now obvious that we all need to keep our eyes and ears open to that which Big Tech and the government continue to censor to “save us” from “misinformation.” Google Drive, at the request of The Washington Post, has taken down a user’s personal copy of the movie “Plandemic.”
      Ever since Big Tech platforms started cracking down on what they deem to be “coronavirus misinformation” (information they don’t want you to know about), the media has been willfully flagging alleged violations to social media companies and getting content taken down, reported News Break.
            In other words, they want us to remain in a panic-induced state of fear and only listen to the mainstream media’s official Operation Mockingbird narrative about the entire Plandemic.  And because you are not supposed to know anything else, Google drive has removed a user’s personal copy of Dr. Judy Mikovitz’s “Plandemic” after it was flagged by the Washington Post.
      It doesn’t get more blatant than this, folks.  We are being lied to and expected to stay fearful and obey the ruling class at all costs. It’s going to get ugly by the end of this year if tyrants don’t release their grip on power…and we know they won’t let go easily.
      In an article reporting on the takedown, The Washington Post’s Silicon Valley Correspondent Elizabeth Dwoskin complained that after the coronavirus documentary Plandemic was censored on social media, some YouTube clips were telling users how to access “banned footage” from the documentary via Google Drive. She then notes that after The Washington Post contacted Google, Google Drive took down a file featuring the trailer for the Plandemic documentary.
                  Watch Plandemic on Bitchute, a decentralized, censorship-free platform by clicking here.
            As Big Tech ramps up censorship, we need to ramp up our exit and cease to use their products.  We said last month that the mainstream media was going to continue a smear campaign against anyone who stands up to the elitists and this tyrannical takeover and economic terrorism while using a virus as an excuse.
          The mainstream media is going to continue its smear campaign against anyone who dares to believe they have the right to live freely so long as they aren’t harming others and take life’s risk upon themselves. But as fewer people tune in to listen to their propaganda, fewer people will be brainwashed by it. –SHTFplan
                And that’s exactly what the Washington Post did. Dwoskin frames users sharing files containing the Plandemic trailer with each other as:
          “A wave of seemingly countless workarounds employed by people motivated to spread misinformation about the virus — efforts that continue to thwart social media companies’ attempts at preventing hoaxes and conspiracy theories from spreading amid the greatest public health crisis in decades.”
      There is good news though.  We now know that the mainstream media is struggling to maintain their grip on the official narrative, and for all intents and purposes, they’ve already failed.  Too many have awoken to the lies and propaganda designed to keep a ruling class in place, and the rest of us subjugated.  But that’s all ending and they will not go down without a fight. Expect more censorship as they desperately try to cling to their mind control and social engineering schemes in the coming months.
      As Robert Kiyosaki said recently: “Pray for the best but prepare for the worst!”

@_date: 2020-05-29 09:33:50
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Suggest large non-US tech/news outlets in English? 
Nothing quite says 'freedom' like "give more to psychopaths", and besides, if we don't open everything to those without a conscience and without any self restraint, we would not be living in a free world.

@_date: 2020-05-29 10:25:09
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Basic arithmetic  vs military govcorp Propagada 
Naughty naughty , you're exposing empire propaganda now ... very naughty!
[fwiw, the % in Sweden from memory was even higher..]

@_date: 2020-05-30 10:59:10
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: unrest, and why citizens need guns -- Re: Breaking: Dangerous 
Guns - [PEACE]
   As Minneapolis Burns, Armed Citizens Deter Rioters & Looters Without Firing A Shot
     Daisy Luther via The Organic Prepper blog,
            The only thing between several businesses and a bunch of people rioting is a couple of unnamed armed citizens.
      As all hell breaks loose in Minneapolis over the lack of action taken against a police officer who killed a citizen on video, some self-titled “free Americans” helped store owners protect their property. They heard that the store owners had boarded up windows and were standing guard with machetes, and they went to help.
      But if you think the men were there because they disagreed with the protests, you’d be incorrect.
         ..       .. During the Ferguson riots in 2015, St. Louis Ink Tattoo Studio and County Guns remained unscathed as businesses around them burned or were looted, due to the protection of armed citizens.
            .. And who can forget the videos of Korean-American store owners in Los Angeles protecting their businesses with a variety of firearms as angry mobs besieged the area during the LA Riots of 1992?
                  .. You can’t count on the police to save you during times like this – they’re busy and likely couldn’t get through the crowds anyway. You’re completely on your own. And at some point during prolonged turmoil, the police and military will finally throw their hands up in the air, give up, and go home to protect their own families,
      The only person you can rely on to protect your family is yourself.
      The only person you can truly rely on during scenarios like this is yourself.
      While I’m always going to recommend first to not be there during times of unrest, if you are there and you missed the window to leave during a riot, you’re the only game in town when it comes to the safety of your home, your livelihood, and your loved ones.
      .. Being armed is a matter of survival in situations where the normal rules of society have completely broken down.
      I’m sure I’ll receive another barrage of email wishing me and my children dead by our own guns. Blah, blah, blah. It always amazes me how people who swear vehemently that they’re against violence can send me those letters that fervently and creatively hope for our gruesome murders. ...

@_date: 2020-06-01 12:34:25
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: A vote for "D" is a vote for Xi - China goes "Mr. Hyde" against the 
When presented with essential propaganda, it is most important to not find the humorous side, and only treat everything with the utmost seriousness...
So remember y'all, a vote for D is a vote for Xi  :D
   Xi Takes Up Trump's Challenge
    Patrick Buchanan via Buchanan.org,
            .. “China’s been ruled by a brutal, authoritarian regime, a communist regime since 1949. For several decades, we thought the regime would become more like us through trade, scientific exchanges, diplomatic outreach … (but) that didn’t happen.
      .. Who did this to us? We did it to ourselves.
   Schlichter: This Election Is Republicans Versus China
    Kurt Schlichter, op-ed via Townhall.com,
            It’s pretty clear who the commie bastards known for their shoddy lab practices and their weird fetish for gnawing on pangolins badly want to win in November, and it's not Trump and the Republicans. The Chinese communists want their money’s worth, and they will go all-in for the Democrats who find the chance to hurt Trump at the same time they hurt America too delicious to pass up. Plus, the Dems heartily approve of what Mao’s Pals are doing to freedom-loving Hong Kongers, seeing it as a template for what they would love to do to freedom-loving us.
      We need to understand and accept that a vote for anyone with a “D” is a vote for Xi.
      ...

@_date: 2020-10-03 23:17:07
@_author: Zigger the N.gger 
@_subject: USA 2020 Elections: Thread 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 667 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2020-09-07 10:56:52
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: You may chuckle, but you mayn't gloat - Andy Tifa sports 
For all the naggers out there, Anglin does mildly humorous write up of last night's literal "100th day anniversary" celebrations, meme included :
   Portland: Antifa Sets Comrade on Fire with a Molotov Cocktail, Comrade Doesn’t Stop/Drop/Roll

@_date: 2020-09-07 14:31:16
@_author: Zig the N.g 
@_subject: Peak 2020 - Performance of the year, Oscar fer sure - Truck gets 
BabylonBee actually managed to satirize this one - color me impressed ...
   Upping The Ante: Protesters Now Attempting To Stop High-Speed Freight Trains
         U.S.—Videos have emerged from across the country of protesters attempting to stop traffic, futilely pushing back against racist trucks and bigoted Hummers.
      But, sadly, stopping traffic somehow hasn't ended racism. So rioters are being forced to turn to a new strategy: blocking train tracks to stop freight trains in the name of social justice.
      ...
And ICYMI, another BB satire piece:
   Report: Millennials More Open To Socialism, Touching Hot Stove, Sticking Face In Sack Full Of Badgers
