-----
Source: https://diyhpl.us/~bryan/irc/bitcoin-satoshi/dustin-trammell-Satoshi_Nakamoto.zip
Name: Satoshi Nakamoto
Date: n/a
-----
Another factor that would mitigate spam if POW tokens have value:
automated mailboxes that collect their POW and don't read the
there would be a profit motive for people to set up massive
quantities of fake e-mail accounts to harvest POW tokens from
spam.  They'd essentially be reverse-spamming the spammers with
The process has the potential to establish the POW token's value
message.  The ratio of fake mailboxes to real people could become
too high for spam to be cost effective.
temporarily let more spam through, it would only hasten the
in the first place, since spammers that don't have a botnet could
buy tokens from harvesters.  While the buying back would
Interestingly, one of the e-gold systems already has a form of
self-defeating cycle leading to too many harvesters exploiting the
spammers.
If the system let users configure the minimum payment they're
spam called "dusting".  Spammers send a tiny amount of gold dust
in order to put a spam message in the transaction's comment field.
paid to receive spam.
willing to receive, or at least the minimum that can have a
message with it, users could set how much they're willing to get
Address book labels for receiving addresses is confusing but I'm not sure what else to do.  Anyone using it for more than just simple purposes would need to create different receiving addresses for each payer so they could tell who's paying them.  That concept doesn't have much analogy in the real world.
The first default one is labelled "Your Address" when it's created.
All the places where address book labels are set are where the user manually sets it.  The only time it automatically adds a label is a blank one when you send to a new address.  I guess you could have entered the label on an address you thought was mine but the software was confusing and you put it in the wrong place.
it can do is tell which of your addresses it was received on.
It should be your Bitcoin address at home that you received it
with.  There's no way for it to know who it's from, so the best
to you.
You can create multiple addresses and give a different address
to each person and label them to help figure out who's sending
address, either under the Address Book button or the "Change..."
It doesn't know any names other than what you tell it.  The name
printed there is what's associated in your address book for that
electronic currency in some way, now that we know a way to do it
button to the right of your Bitcoin address.
I would be surprised if 10 years from now we're not using
It could get started in a narrow niche like reward points,
that won't inevitably get dumbed down when the trusted third party
gets cold feet.
for services that could almost be free but not quite.
donation tokens, currency for a game or micropayments for adult
sites.  Initially it can be used in proof-of-work applications
It's sent directly when it connects.  The recipient doubleclicks
It can already be used for pay-to-send e-mail.  The send dialog is
resizeable and you can enter as long of a message as you like.
have a way for fans to contact them, they could set up Bitcoin and
on the transaction to see the full message.  If someone famous is
getting more e-mail than they can read, but would still like to
Subscription sites that need some extra proof-of-work for their
give out the IP address on their website.  "Send X bitcoins to my
priority hotline at this IP and I'll read the message personally."
It might make sense just to get some in case it catches on.  If
free trial so it doesn't cannibalize subscriptions could charge
bitcoins for the trial.
applications if you could effortlessly pay a few cents to a
enough people think the same way, that becomes a self fulfilling
prophecy.  Once it gets bootstrapped, there are so many
backup.  The data is stored in a transactional database DBM, so
website as easily as dropping coins in a vending machine.
The files are in "%appdata%\Bitcoin", that's the directory to
Firefox store their settings files there, despite the headwind of
it should be safe from loss if there's a crash or power failure.
%appdata% is per-user access privilege.  Most new programs like
Just now added code to the next release for that.
Microsoft changing the directory name with every Windows release
and being full of spaces and so long it runs off the screen.
 of communication
I group attacks into two classes:
1) Attacks that can only be done by someone actually in the chain
local LAN, admins at ISPs in between, and the LAN on the
2) Attacks that can be done by anyone on the Internet from anywhere
Type 1 exposes you to people in your house or company on your
develop one technique to attack multiple victims.
recipient's side.  Type 2 exposes you to a billion people who can
self-select to be attackers and get economy of scale when they
Bitcoin address doesn't have that vulnerability, although there's
Sending by IP requests a new public key, so yes, it's vulnerable
to type 1 man-in-the-middle.  If that's a concern, sending to a
unsigned cleartext e-mail, which is already vulnerable to type 1
a small privacy tradeoff.  I have a feeling most of the time
people will get Bitcoin addresses off of non-SSL websites and
when sending (maybe 1.2.3.4-1Kn8iojk...), where the recipient uses
and type 2 through DNS poisoning.
One solution would be to use both the IP and Bitcoin addresses
system starts to be used for real business purposes, I will
the public key of the Bitcoin address to sign the new public key
to prove that you're sending to who you think you are.  If the
give any other identifying information about the recipient, so
certainly implement that.  Another solution is to use SSL.
For now, it's pretty obvious that if you send to an IP, you didn't
That's correct.
you're blindly sending to whoever answers that IP.
Another feature for later is an option to encrypt your wallet.
service issues.  Certainly before another sending method is
It would be nice to only need the Bitcoin address and have the IP
worked out behind the scenes.  Might have privacy or denial of
There's at least one node who's inbound IP keeps changing all the
implemented, there's plenty of time now to fully think through the
design and make sure it's the best way.
time within the same class B.  Maybe every time the program is
run.  I wasn't expecting that.
Do you mind if I CC the rest of this to bitcoin-list or
Cryptography?
Sweet, I was looking for a group like that on Usenet at one point to see
what I would use if I needed, and nothing really fit.  I'm sure Google
groups is a lot easier to post to.
There are some scenarios where a Usenet or Google group could be used as
a supplemental defence.  Bitcoin is at its most vulnerable in the
beginning when the total network CPU power is small.  That's offset by
the fact that the incentive to attack it is also low when it's small.
Hopefully the easy solution of just growing up and getting past that
stage will work.  If not, there are ways a Google group could help, if
it really came to that.
We definitely have similar interests!
You know, I think there were a lot more people interested in the 90's,
but after more than a decade of failed Trusted Third Party based systems
(Digicash, etc), they see it as a lost cause.  I hope they can make the
distinction, that this is the first time I know of that we're trying a
non-trust based system.
The existing transaction line will change.
You're right, sorry about that.  It's the bug that was fixed in 0.1.3.
The communications thread would get blocked, so you would make
connections, but they would go silent after a while.  When you found a
block, you couldn't broadcast it to the network, so it didn't get into
the chain.  You weren't receiving anything either to know that the
network had gone on without you, until you restarted it.
The bug is also what caused bitcoin.exe to fail to exit.  The
communications thread was blocked and failed to exit.  Bitcoin does a
careful shutdown in case it might be in the middle of an important
transaction, but actually it's completely safe to kill it.
This is all fixed in 0.1.3.  If you give me your IP, I'll send you some
coins.
It's not like a race where if one car is twice as fast, it'll always
win.  It's an SHA-256 that takes less than a microsecond, and each guess
has an independent chance of success.  Each computer's chance of finding
a hash collision is linearly proportional to it's CPU power.  A computer
that's half as fast would get half as many coins.
Let me know how it goes.  If you have any trouble with it, send me your
debug.log file.  I can often figure out what went wrong just from that.
Thanks, I hadn't seen that yet.  It looks very well presented.
There was an older one that's been running for a long time that
publishes its hashes to Usenet.  I'm surprised this one isn't
using Usenet, although it is kind of difficult to get access to
post to Usenet in an automated way these days.  If they can get a
magazine or newspaper to publish their hashes, it would work a lot
easier in court for their purposes.  Bitcoin and all timestamp
servers share the basic functionality of periodically collecting
things into blocks and hashing them into a chain.
Right, the credit field stays 0.00 until it matures, then it'll be
50.00.  Do you think it would be clearer if I left the credit
field blank until it matures?  I should put some text in the
transaction details (when you double click on it) explaining how
it works.  (was it obvious you can doubleclick on a line for
details?)
Be sure to upgrade to v0.1.3 if you haven't already.  This version
has really stabilized things.