
@_date: 2013-07-27 11:18:52
@_author: 32bitfloat@posteo.de 
@_subject: Fwd: Goldbug.sf.net - Secure Multi-Crypto-Messenger v0.1 released 
Well, as I can't find a statement neither of the EFF nor of the CCC
related to this program, instead found a review
on sourceforge which indicates that the CCC has no idea of it, I'm
highly sceptical about this. It does not have to be a a bad software,
though. But picking big names to push forward a software won't let me
trust it.
Secondly, if PRISM was the intention to create a new secure messenger (I
would interpret the description in this way), they cannot have created
the program in this short time.
Third, I cannot imagine "a kind of PGP". Is it PGP, is it something
other? Additionally, Echo seems to be a protocol just for debugging
By only reading the description it seems that someone just salted it
with good-looking keywords to catch attention. I would keep my hands of it.
Am 27.07.2013 04:45, schrieb Randolph D.:

@_date: 2013-07-27 10:55:55
@_author: Caro 
@_subject: Fwd: Goldbug.sf.net - Secure Multi-Crypto-Messenger v0.1 released 
Well, as I can't find a statement neither of the EFF nor of the CCC
related to this program, instead found a review [1] on sourceforge which
indicates that the CCC has no idea of it, I'm highly sceptical about
this. It does not have to be a a bad software, though. But picking big names
to push forward a software won't let me trust it. Secondly, if PRISM was the intention to create a new secure messenger (I
would interpret the description in this way), they couldn't have
accomplish the creation of a new program in this short time.
Third, I cannot imagine "a kind of PGP". Is it PGP? Is it GPG?
Additionally, Echo seems to be not more than a simple debugging protocol
for chat clients.
So, in conclusion, I did not looked at the code, but the desription
seems to be just salted with some nice keywords to catch attention. I
would keep my hands of that.
Am Samstag, den 27.07.2013, 04:45 +0200 schrieb Randolph D.:
