
@_date: 2008-09-16 07:08:25
@_author: rlively 
@_subject: Export secret key from WinXP (GnuPG) 1.4.7 to AIX PGP Version 6.5.8 
Setup: Windows XP gpg (GnuPG) 1.4.7
Windows Privacy Tray
Version: 1.2.0 (Sep 17 2007)
Copyright (C) 2006 Timo Schulz AIX 5.3.0.0
Pretty Good Privacy(tm) Version 6.5.8
(c) 1999 Network Associates Inc.
Uses the RSAREF(tm) Toolkit, which is copyright RSA Data Security, Inc.
Export of this software may be restricted by the U.S. government.
At first we generated keys on the AIX server and then exported the keys to
Windows, but PGP made RSA/IDEA keys which GnuPG can't decrypt, so I decided
to generate the keys on GnuPG on Windows and then export to the AIX server. I've tried it now multiple times with different keys, and each time I try to
edit the key or decrypt something I get errors on AIX.  I am absolutely sure
I am typing the pass phrase correctly, because I can do all of the same
things on Windows by typing the same pass phrase, and I even edited the key
to change the pass phrase multiple times to simple things (like abc123) and
then exported to AIX again and on AIX I still couldn't authenticate.
I can encrypt to the public key on AIX just fine. It's only when I need to
type the phass phrase that I get errors. What could be the problem?  I've
searched this forum, the documentation of both PGP and GnuPG, the web in
general, and I'm at a loss.
Key Info:
pub 1024D/4B84397F 9/15/2008 -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: GnuPG v1.4.7 (MingW32) - WinPT 1.2.0
1024-bit DSA Status OK C/S
2048-bit ELG Status OK E
Type: Key Pair
Key ID: 0x4B84397F
Algorithm: DSA/ELG
Size: 1024/2048 bits
Created: 9/15/2008
Expires: Never
Validity: Ultimate
Cipher: AES256
I trust ultimately (implicit)
Message when trying to decrypt on AIX:
Pretty Good Privacy(tm) Version 6.5.8
(c) 1999 Network Associates Inc.
Uses the RSAREF(tm) Toolkit, which is copyright RSA Data Security, Inc.
Export of this software may be restricted by the U.S. government.
File is encrypted.  Secret key is required to read it.
Key for user ID: 1024-bit DSS key, Key ID 0xxxxxxxxxF, created 2008/09/15
Key can sign.
You need a pass phrase to unlock your secret key.
Enter pass phrase:
received signal 11
[no cleartext file is created]
Message when trying to key edit:
$ pgp -ke Pretty Good Privacy(tm) Version 6.5.8
(c) 1999 Network Associates Inc.
Uses the RSAREF(tm) Toolkit, which is copyright RSA Data Security, Inc.
Export of this software may be restricted by the U.S. government.
Editing userid  in default key ring
Key for user ID: 1024-bit DSS key, Key ID 0xxxxxxxxx, created 2008/09/15
Key can sign.
You need a pass phrase to unlock your secret key.
Key for user ID Enter pass phrase:
Error:  Bad pass phrase.
You need a pass phrase to unlock your secret key.
Key for user ID Enter pass phrase:
Error:  Bad pass phrase.
You need a pass phrase to unlock your secret key.
Key for user ID Enter pass phrase:
Error:  Bad pass phrase.
No passphrase; secret key unavailable.
No secret key available.  Editing public key trust parameter.
This key/userID association is not certified.
Current trust for this key's owner is: untrusted
Make a determination in your own mind whether this key actually
belongs to the person whom you think it belongs to, based on available
evidence.  If you think it does, then based on your estimate of
that person's integrity and competence in key management, answer
the following question:
Would you trust to act as an introducer and certify other people's public keys to you?
(1=I don't know (default). 2=No. 3=Usually. 4=Yes, always.) ? 4

@_date: 2008-09-16 09:57:49
@_author: rlively 
@_subject: Export secret key from WinXP (GnuPG) 1.4.7 to AIX PGP Version 
I think our AIX administrator installed the highest version available here:
What is the latest PGP version for Unix/AIX if not this one? How old is this
Do you think this version of PGP would always just segfault upon using a
GnuPG key?
I tried blanking out the password, but when exporting to AIX and trying the
new password I still got the "Bad Password" when just hitting enter.  Is
there anything else I can try?
If we install the latest Unix GnuPG on AIX, will we run into any issues with
our current keys?  If someone we communicate with uses RSA/IDEA, will our
GnuPG command-line fail to encrypt to their public key?  Would we need to
install the latest PGP instead and purchase the license for RSA/IDEA?
The versions of PGP, the algorithms, patents, license requirements, etc are
all extremely confusing, and I haven't found a good site explaining all of
the differences.  Is it free? Not free? License needed or not? Only if you
use IDEA?  Is RSA and IDEA the same thing?
Is this all correct?
1) PGP (or GPG) is a software package for encrypting and decrypting data. The software can use one of a number of encryption algorithms and usually
comes with support for many different algorithms.
2) The software we downloaded and installed on our local Windows
workstations (Gnu Privacy Guard - GPG) is free for use even in commercial
3) If our AIX admin installed GPG for Unix, then the software on our GIS
servers are also license-free and cost-free for commercial uses.  If he
installed PGP from  or  then we need a
3) Most of the algorithms in the software are license-free and cose-free for
both commercial and non-commercial uses, except for the IDEA algorithm,
which is patented and needs a license.    So we would need to find out if we
are using the IDEA encryption algorithm to find out whether we need to
purchase a license for that algorithm or not.  If we're not using the IDEA
algorithm, we don't need a license.  The MediaCrypt website (either
 or  I've seen both mentioned) seems
to be defunct, so I couldn't find out more information directly from their
website.  It may be that they're not enforcing the patent any longer.  If we
purchase a copy of the PGP software from NAI, it comes with a license for
IDEA algorithm.
See the information below:
"GnuPG is a complete and free replacement for PGP."  GPG (GNU Privacy Guard)
is a PGP compatible alternative based on the OpenPGP standard.  It has
received funding from the German Federal Ministry of Economics and
Technology, and there are two great reasons to consider it: It is completely
open source software that can be peer reviewed for any security weaknesses;
and it is absolutely free to use for both commercial and noncommercial
purposes.  Although designed for command line operating systems such as
Linux, it has been ported for 32 bit Windows use.
Q: How much does PGP cost?
A: The PGP 2.x series are freely available as open source software under the
GNU General Public License, with no real limits on its use, at no cost
(except the IDEA patent should you opt to include support for it, see What's
with the patent on IDEA?).
A: GNU Privacy Guard is freely available as open source software, with no
real limits on its use, at no cost (except the IDEA patent should you opt to
include support for it, see What's with the patent on IDEA?). The website of
the GNU Privacy Guard Project is the primary distribution point.
A: PGP 5.x and higher are commercial products. Network Associates bought PGP
Inc., a company founded by Phil Zimmerman, and sells a whole range of
products under the brand "PGP". The "original" email and file encryption PGP
are called PGPmail and PGPfile respectively. See NAI for pricing and
availability. There is a version available at no cost for strictly
non-commercial use on Note that the free versions of PGP are free only for noncommercial use. If
you need to use PGP in a commercial setting you should buy a copy of PGP
from NAI. This version of PGP has other advantages as well, most notably its
integration with common MS Windows and Mac OS applications, a limited
license to export it to foreign branch offices and a license for IDEA. See
below, under question Where can I obtain PGP?, for information on how to
contact them.
Q: What's with the patent on IDEA?
A: IDEA is patented in the USA (US 5,214,703), Europe (EP-B-0482154)and
Japan (JP 3225440) by Ascom Systec AG. This patent expires 25 May 2010 (USA)
or 16 May 2011 (Europe and Japan). For strictly non-commercial use, the
licence fee is waved by MediaCrypt AG.
If you need to use PGP 2.x or GPG with IDEA (i.e. for compatibility with the
2.x versions) for commercial use, you should contact MediaCrypt AG who are
the distributor for the IDEA algorithm license for Ascom Systec AG, the
patent holders for IDEA. They sell individual and site licenses for using
IDEA in PGP. Contact:
    MediaCrypt AG
    Technoparkstrasse 1
    8005 Zurich
    Switzerland
    Tel ++41 1 445 3070
    Fax ++41 1 445 3071
2.2. Can I use PGPi for commercial purposes?
Yes, you can, but you must obtain a commercial use license from Network
Associates Inc. or its authorized representatives. (The GNU Privacy Guard
can be used for commercial purposes without any license.)
If you are located in the U.S. or Canada, go to: If you are located elsewhere, go to: If you wish to use a PGP-compatible product (i.e., an encryption product
that may be interoperable with PGP or based upon the Open-PGP standard, but
does not contain software actually owned by PGP to implement its
cryptography functions), you may require additional licenses from third
parties, such as from Ascom Systec AG in Switzerland if the IDEA algorithm
is used in such product or from RSA Data Security, Inc. if the RSA algorithm
is used in such product and the product is to be distributed in the United

@_date: 2008-09-16 14:25:17
@_author: rlively 
@_subject: Export secret key from WinXP (GnuPG) 1.4.7 to AIX PGP Version 
One of our contacts uses this key:
Type: Public Key
Algorithm: RSA Legacy
Size: 2048 bits
Created: 5/17/1999
Expires: Never
Validity: None
Cipher: IDEA
Even though they key specifies Cipher: IDEA, are you saying that we should
be able to encrypt to this public key just fine with the latest veresion of
GnuPG, unless that contact is stuck using legacy PGP 2.x?  If they use a
newer version of PGP or GnuPG we should be fine?  So to be safe, what do we
need to do before the decision of whether to go PGP or GnuPG -- just contact
them and ask what version of PGP or GPG they use?
Supported under AIX?
 GnuPG Supported Systems doesn't list AIX 5.3.  It does have AIX v4.3 under "Other OSes," though it
has this disclaimer: GnuPG compiles and runs on many more systems, but due
to the lack of a well tested entropy source, it should be used with some
caution. We have positive reports on these systems.
Is this anything to be concerned about? Is there a precompiled binary for
AIX that someone has done?  What is the danger of downloading the latest
source and compiling it under AIX?  How can I find a group of people that
may have done this in the past so we can get some guidance?

@_date: 2008-09-17 06:42:10
@_author: rlively 
@_subject: Export secret key from WinXP (GnuPG) 1.4.7 to AIX PGP Version 
I need help reconciling the two responses below.  I am still going to get a
test file encrypted/decrypted using GPG 1.4.7 with the owner of said key
just to see how it goes, but that might take a while, and I need to improve
my general understanding of this entire process and all of the software
involved anyway.
This is a PGP 2.6 key, unfortunately.

@_date: 2008-09-18 11:01:00
@_author: rlively 
@_subject: Export secret key from WinXP (GnuPG) 1.4.7 to AIX PGP Version 
I did a test with the contact, and I received this response:
So it seems to work, but I do have this concern: is it possible that since
they tested it on Windows with GnuPG and not on their e-Business server on
the mainframe and that the real file will fail when their mainframe attempts
to decrypt it?  I sent this reply to get that extra test done:
Is that correct?  When I view the encrypted file, it shows this:
public key encrypted packet: version 3, algo RSA, keyid encrypted data packet: mdc method 0, length 82.
What is mdc method 0?
My concern is partially due to this entry on Wikipedia , which seems to imply that the development for e-Business server
stopped in 2001, which means that it may fall under the heading of "legacy
PGP program" that is not OpenPGP conformant and therefore can't decrypt the
OpenPGP traffic:

@_date: 2008-09-19 08:50:46
@_author: rlively 
@_subject: Export secret key from WinXP (GnuPG) 1.4.7 to AIX PGP Version 
no, ANY pgp version on any platform will be able to decrypt a 3DES I should add, though, that unless there is some reason why you need to
Thanks to all (Vedaal, David, and Robert) for helping me through this
process.  I'm getting a handle on the things that were confusing and
concerning me.  PGP vs GPG, patent issues with IDEA, Ciphers, algorithms,
etc can all be confusing ...
I did get a positive response to the question of decrypting the file on the
contact's mainframe:
and I was able to decrypt their test message to me (using GnuPG 1.4.7 on
Windows).  Also, when I mentioned getting a newer key, the contact was
surprised that I was given a key from 1999 when they had a newer key that I
should've been given instead.  So the contact sent me their updated key to
use instead of the legacy v3 key anyway:
Type: Public Key
Algorithm: DSA/ELG
Size: 1024/2048 bits
Created: 2/10/2000
Expires: Never
Cipher: CAST5
I think we're good for changing from PGP 6.5.8 to GnuPG.  Any suggestions on
what version to get for our AIX install?  1.x or 2.x?

@_date: 2008-09-23 06:53:56
@_author: rlively 
@_subject: Export secret key from WinXP (GnuPG) 1.4.7 to AIX PGP Version 
When I used the term "Legacy" - that's what I was referring to.  I thought
the implication was that if a PGP implementation is old enough and has not
been updated (the PGP version 2.x referred to before), that it would not be
able to decrypt my OpenPGP traffic from GPG using 3DES instead of IDEA for a
v3 key.  That is what I was concerned about.  It appears not to be an issue
in this case though.
Again, thanks to all for helping clarify things.
