
@_date: 2007-11-13 13:06:01
@_author: Abderrahmane Nitaj 
@_subject: Africacrypt 2008, Last Call for Papers 
Our apologies if you receive multiple copies of this announcement
!                                                                         !
!                          Africacrypt 2008                               !
!                         Casablanca, Maroc                               !
!                          11-14 Juin 2008                                !
!                                  !
!                                                                         !
Africacrypt 2008
June 11 - 14, Casablanca, Morocco
Call for Papers
Submission: Nov. 24, 2007
Notification: Feb. 12, 2008
Final version: Mar. 13, 2008
Program Chair: Serge Vaudenay
General Chair: Abdelhak Azhari
Invited Speakers: T. El Gamal, J. Stern
General Information
Original papers on all technical aspects of cryptology are solicited
for submission to Africacrypt 2008. The conference is organized by the
Moroccan Association for Cryptography (AMC) in cooperation with IACR.
For more information see The conference seeks original contributions in any area of cryptology
or related fields. We welcome submissions about new cryptographic
primitive proposals, cryptanalysis, security models, implementation
aspects, and applications. We also consider submissions about
cryptographic aspects of network security, complexity theory,
information theory, coding theory, number theory, and quantum computing.
We intend to have special sessions on security and privacy aspects in
wireless technologies (including mobile ad hoc networks and RFID) and
biometric access control.
Instructions for Authors
Submissions must not substantially duplicate work that any of the
authors has published elsewhere or has submitted in parallel to any
other conference or workshop with formally published proceedings.
Information about submissions may be shared with program chairs of
other conferences for that purpose. Accepted submissions may not appear
in any other conference or workshop with proceedings. The submission
must be anonymous, with no author names, affiliations, acknowledgments,
or obvious references. It should begin with a title, a short abstract,
and a list of key words, and its introduction should summarize the
contributions of the paper at a level appropriate for a non-specialist
reader. Submissions not meeting these guidelines risk rejection
without consideration of their merits.
Since the final version of accepted papers will have to follow the
LNCS guidelines (see  with a total
page limit of 18 pages including references and appendices, it is
advised to submit in the same format. Committee members are not
required to review more than that, so the paper should be intelligible
and self-contained within this length.
Papers must be submitted electronically. A detailed description of the
electronic submission procedure is available at
 Submissions must conform to this
procedure. Late submissions and non-electronic submissions will not
be considered.
Authors of accepted papers must guarantee that their paper will be
presented at the conference.
Conference Proceedings
Proceedings are intended to be published in Springer-Verlag's Lecture
Notes in Computer Science and will be available at the conference.
Instructions about the preparation of a final proceedings version will
be sent to the authors of accepted papers.
Program Committee
Tom Berson (Anagram, USA)
Alex Biryukov (University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg)
Xavier Boyen (Voltage Inc, USA)
Anne Canteaut (INRIA, France)
Jean-Marc Couveignes (Toulouse University, France)
Mohamed El Marraki (Faculty of Science Rabat, Morrocco)
Steven Galbraith (Royal Holloway University of London, UK)
Helena Handschuh (Spansion, France)
Tetsu Iwata (Nagoya University, Japan)
Pascal Junod (Nagracard, Switzerland)
Tanja Lange (TU Eindhoven, The Netherlands)
Arjen Lenstra (EPFL, Switzerland)
Javier Lopez (University of Malaga, Spain)
Stefan Lucks (Bauhaus-University Weimar, Germany)
Mitsuru Matsui (Mitsubishi Electric Corp, Japan)
Alexander May (Bochum University, Germany)
Atsuko Miyaji (JAIST, Japan)
David Molnar (Berkeley University, USA)
Refik Molva (Eurecom, France)
Jean Monnerat (UCSD, USA)
David Naccache (ENS, France)
Raphael Phan (EPFL, Switzerland)
Josef Pieprzyk (Macquarie University, Australia)
Bart Preneel (K.U.Leuven, Belgium)
Jean-Jacques Quisquater (UCL, Belgium)
C Pandu Rangan (University of Madras, India)
Vincent Rijmen (Graz University of Technology, Austria)
Rei Safavi-Naini (University of Calgary, Canada)
Louis Salvail (University of Aarhus, Denmark)
Ali Aydin Selcuk (Bilkent University, Turkey)
Serge Vaudenay (chair) (EPFL, Switzerland)
Michael Wiener (Cryptographic Clarity, Canada)
Amr Youssef (Concordia University, Canada)
Program Chair
Serge Vaudenay
Ecole Polytechnique F?d?rale de Lausanne
I&C - Security and Cryptography Laboratory
INF 241 (INF Building), Station 14
CH-1015 Lausanne
email: Serge.Vaudenay at epfl.ch
General Chair
Abdelhak Azhari
Ecole Normale Sup?rieure de Casablanca
Department of Mathematics and Data Processing
BP 50069 Casa
Gandhi Casablanca
email: aazhari2001 at yahoo.fr
