
@_date: 2011-10-06 16:24:07
@_author: Achim Cloer 
@_subject: restoring SmartCard key with off-card copy 
Hash: SHA1
Dear all,
dear Peter,
It seems that the backup file only contains one key: This was on my
original Card the encryption key. But this is shown as encryption
_and_ signature key and has a different Key-ID than the one I published.
The Authentication Key is empty.
I succeeded to write back this encryption key to the card. But PGP is
writing the same key to two positions in the card. So now I have a
Card with the same key in "encryption" and "signature".
But I still can't use the Card: After Importing the backup key, my gpg
is still asking for my old SmartCard. How can I tell GPG to use the
new smart card? It seems to be necessary to modify the sec-key on the
computer. But how. I can't find any documentation...
Sorry, but I really don't understand what to dot. How can I restore a
Card so that I can use it as my original card before.
If there is now HowTo, I promise to write one, once I found out how it
  Achim

@_date: 2011-09-27 15:49:26
@_author: Achim Cloer 
@_subject: restoring SmartCard key with off-card copy 
Dear Users on this list,
we are planing to deploy PGP in our team with Smartcards.
Currently we are testing and learning...
We found the following problem:
During generating the keys, the pgp card is also generating a off-card
copy. But we fail to import this backup into OpenPGP. The error
message is "User-ID is missing". But the User-ID was given during
generating the key. I can not find any documentation how to handle
this off-card-copy. How to import or how to write it back to a card
Is there anybody who can help me?
Unfortunately I am using PGP with WinXP,
luckily with Thunderbird and Enigmail.
I also tried the command line interface under windows but also without
any success.
  Achim

@_date: 2011-09-28 12:09:29
@_author: Achim Cloer 
@_subject: restoring SmartCard key with off-card copy 
Hash: SHA1
Thank you Werner!
Am 28.09.2011 09:15, schrieb Werner Koch:
Is there any possibility to import the off-card-backup into a normal
keyring in GPG without using a SmartCard?
Tank You!
  Achim
