
@_date: 2011-06-03 21:32:59
@_author: Amano Corunga 
@_subject: Problem with faked-system-time option 
In doc\gpg.man of my gnupg 1.4.11 I found
--faked-system-time epoch
    This  option is only useful for testing; it sets the system time
    back or forth to epoch which is the number  of  seconds  elapsed
    since the year 1970.  Alternatively epoch may be given as a full
    ISO time string (e.g. "20070924T154812").
a real goody, as nobody has to know at what (night-)time I create keys
or work off (and sign) my mail.  But I can't get it working:
Transferring a number instead of the time string and putting it in
quotation marks doesn't help either.
Any hint appreciated.

@_date: 2011-06-05 21:15:04
@_author: Amano Corunga 
@_subject: Problem with faked-system-time option 
Werner, thanks for that hint.  I installed the naked GPG part of
Gpg4Win but didn't get it working.
To begin with, I wonder whether I have to drag along all those 25 MB
for using GnuPG-2 compared with less than 2 MB with GnuPG-1 (gpg.exe +
iconv.dll).  Is there a chance to slim it down in case I only need to
create / delete keys and encrypt / sign / verify messages?
And are there instructions available on how to perform those tasks
without altering the host system.  I have GPG1 with all its data
stored on a removable device and use it on several computers, no local
installation required.  That's a perfect portable application, which
shouldn't be dismissed without an adequate replacement at hand.
Last but not least, do I have to start the gpg-agent background task
for each command line gpg call if I don't want to risk data corruption
when inadvertently removing that USB device?
Those are a lot of questions, but I'm still highly sceptical towards
that GPG2 monster and would prefer to stay with my more manageable
GPG1, if it only had that faked-system-time option.  Is there room for
hope to get it enhanced that way?
Thanks again

@_date: 2011-06-08 17:36:52
@_author: Amano Corunga 
@_subject: Problem with faked-system-time option 
I subsumed all the files I found in the GnuPG folder of a fresh
Gpg4Win installation, which may approximate those 15 MB packed.
But is it technically possible to use GPG2 like GPG1 as a portable
application which leaves no traces on the host system?
And, though I don't require an installer, without further information
I'm not capable of locating the files that aren't required for basic
I'm relieved to hear that.
I gladly confirm it really works - Great!  GPG1 key creation problem
But is there an equivalent for determining signature timestamps?
It's fair to say that GnuPG is one of the most important privacy tools
out there.  It protects data from unauthorized access, with
'throw-keyids' the recipient's identity is hidden, but why in the
world do I involuntarily have to allow others to gain sensitive
information about my time management with each mail I sign?  I don't
quite understand why that's of minor importance to others.  If OTOH
you're aiming at a signature with a trusted timestamp in no way
whatsoever the local computer's system clock can replace a validated
time stamp service.  So why not allow everybody to specify signatures'
timestamps directly instead of making that option accessible only to
those who are permitted to change their Windows computer's system time
(thanks Daniel for your Linux advice) and tolerant against all the
adverse side effects arising from that manipulation?

@_date: 2011-06-16 02:29:44
@_author: Amano Corunga 
@_subject: Problem with faked-system-time option 
This discussion is more and more moving away from my initial problem
of not revealing the exact time when signing a piece of data in case I
just want to acknowledge its origin (or receipt) but no further
information, which is far from trying to invoke any temporal
implications with intent to defraud.
Here's a mundane real world example, a scenario where an exact
signature timestamp means a tremendous danger, in your words a social
problem arising from a technical deficit, which in my opinion has to
be addressed (to forestall suspicion I must start by mentioning that
I'm running my own small business with a few employees like Bob or
Alice ;-)):
Bob always carries a USB drive containing his mailing system with him,
during leisure time as well as at work.  Now, with a periodically
changing volume of work there's idleness from time to time at his job.
In those slack periods he has the chance to deal with his
correspondence.  And being a diligent person he's used to signing and
encrypting his mail.  But now he's toast.  One of the messages he
wrote at work was accidentally forwarded to his boss, who saw the
signature, which was made on company time.  It was up to him to
provide evidence that that timestamp was wrong, which he couldn't.  He
lost his job, his existence.
How could that threatening risk have been avoided (disregarding
kicking one's heels instead of always aiming at being productive)? Bob
wasn't granted access to the computer's system time, which furthermore
got synchronized with an NTP server in regular intervals.
And now about Alice.  Being in a simular situation she uses her own
netbook, for privacy reasons adjusts clock time back and forth with
every signature she creates, and, to indicate that the timestamp of
the signature is artificial, chooses the key's exact creation
timestamp for all her signatures as well, as by setting it to '0' or
any other time before key creation she would risk the rejection of
those potentially invalid signatures, and by using a later time she
might be accused of fraud.  Key revocation is of no relevance, as in
this respect the time of message reception by the addressee is an
adequate substitute for the lack of a valid signature timestamp. Alice
only wishes to get around the annoying system time manipulations she
has to repeat again and again.
Do you think Alice's approach is or may become an acceptable strategy,
not breaking existing conventions, and getting the chance to become
supported by kind of a '--no-signature-timestamp' GnuPG option?
