
@_date: 2011-10-05 16:55:16
@_author: Vortran66 
@_subject: How to use terminal to change mac-cache-ttl 
I am using GnuPG with Mac OSX  I need to reset password caching to a lower
setting than the default.  I was told that caching in gpg-agent is
responsible for this and that I need to configure its cache entry
TTL values. I was told to look for cache settings in gpg-agent.conf (to be
created in your
GnuPG homedir. I have a very limited knowledge of using terminal in Mac.  Can someone tell
me what commands I would need to enter to do this. I believe I need to set --max-cache-ttl n  (with n being seconds).  The
problem is I have no idea how to go about changing this in terminal.  Sorry
for being so ignorant on this.

@_date: 2011-10-12 08:44:51
@_author: Vortran66 
@_subject: How to use terminal to change mac-cache-ttl 
Mr Hansen:
Thanks for all your effort.  I realize now that changing the cache values
involves a little more than changing a few values and that I am probably in
way over my head.  I am basically just a dumb user who has no real
experience programming other than a little COBAL back in college 25 years
ago (don't laugh).  I read the agent-alter PDF and I get the gist of what it does.  My problem
is I really unfamiliar with using terminal.
To use agent-alter do I just copy the code from the PDF and paste into
terminal or is more involved?  I understand how to change the cache values
in agent-alter but beyond that I am pretty clueless.  If there are a few monkey-see monkey-do steps that I need to do to implement
alter-agent could you let me know what they are.  If it is more involved
than that or if it is something I could easily screw up my system not
knowing what I am doing let me know and I will search for another encryption
Is there another front end to GnuPG besides GPG Tools that would allow me to
limit the time a password is cached?
I am using a mac running os x.  I am using GPG Tools,   Keychain Access
Version 0.8.13 (0.8.13)

@_date: 2011-10-16 18:31:13
@_author: Vortran66 
@_subject: How to use terminal to change mac-cache-ttl 
Mr. Hansen:
Thank you very much.  Looks like alter agent will not work with Snow
Leopard.  As soon as I upgrade to Lion I will give it a try.  Thanks for
helping out a novice!

@_date: 2011-09-20 20:42:45
@_author: Vortran66 
@_subject: After opening file with GPG Tools any file can be opened w.o. pwd 
I have GPG Tools 20110711 installed on a MacAir running Snow Leopard.  If I right click an encrypted file I get a services menu item "Open PGP:
Decrypt".  Selecting that will decrypt the file properly.  My problem is
this.  Once that file is decrypted I can click on any file that was
encrypted with the same key and it will open without asking for the
password.  If I wait a very long time 20 minutes plus, or shut down and
restart the computer the behavior stops.
Is there a way to require the password every time I try and decrypt a file. The current situation presents a security risk as opening one file
essentially unlocks all files encrypted with the same key.
