
@_date: 2013-12-02 20:37:07
@_author: Andreas Schwier (ML 
@_subject: Any future for the Crypto Stick? 
Wait a second - you can not simply hide a backdoor in a Common Criteria
evaluated operating system. There are too many entities that would need
to be involved in the process: The manufacturer, the evaluator, the
certification body and possibly a national regulator (Here for example
NXP, T?V-IT, BSI and Bundesnetzagentur).
And if there were a backdoor, then the manufacturer could be held liable
if the backdoor was exploited. They wouldn't risk their business just to
comply with a fairly small US smart card market requirement.
Btw. we are working on a solution to add OpenPGP support for our
SmartCard-HSM, which is running on a JCOP platform. It's available as
card, USB-Stick or MicroSD card.
Am 02.12.2013 19:33, schrieb Peter Lebbing:

@_date: 2014-08-15 11:42:01
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: OpenPGP card feature request: as many encryption-capable keys 
The SmartCard-HSM allows you to store as many RSA/ECC keys as memory can
hold. And we are splitting management of keys from application data, so
that you can store keys for any application on the same device.
So far this works for gpgsm / PKCS / Minidriver / Java / Android,
however you can't have your gnupg keys on a SmartCard-HSM yet.
We'd love to implement that support, however currently the code in gnupg
supports only cards conforming to the OpenPGP card spec (which we feel
is too restrictive for a general key storing device).

@_date: 2014-08-15 13:10:14
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: OpenPGP card feature request: as many encryption-capable keys 
I'd recommend it the other way around: Generate your keys on a smart
card and have it securely exported into your backup. We do that with the
SmartCard-HSM using the Device Key Encryption Key (DKEK) for export and
import of sensitive material. Because there is a key management
procedure around the DKEK (key shares, n-of-m threshold scheme) you can
backup the encrypted keys wherever you find convenient.
Restoring your keys starts with establishing a new smart card with the
same DKEK and then import required key material into it.
So what is that assumption based on ? If you are using a hardware device
that is certified as Secure Signature Creation Device under the Common
Criteria scheme, then the quality of the random number generation is an
important criteria in the evaluation (see for example AIS31 under the
German CC scheme on the BSI website).

@_date: 2014-07-17 12:39:53
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Status of ECDSA in GPGSM/SCDAEMON 
Sorry, pressed the send button too early.
Hi list,
we are working on an integration of the SmartCard-HSM in scdaemon. We
have the code working for RSA, but have trouble getting it to work with
320 bit and SHA-256.
Signature generation works fine, but during verification gpgsm claims
"a 256 bit hash is not valid for a 320 bit ECC key"
What's the reason for GPGSM to reject a 256 bit hash with a 320 bit key.
Usually hash input is just padded to the full bit size for verification.
We also have an issue with gpgsm if the keyid starts with 0xFFFF.. In
that case gpgsm does not find the key, even though it's shown in gpgsm
We are working on master from the gpg git repo.

@_date: 2014-07-18 16:44:42
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: scdaemon support for SmartCard-HSM 
Hi list,
we've added support for the SmartCard-HSM to scdaemon. Please find the
patch that applies to master at [1].
The driver allows read/only operations with keys and certificates on a
SmartCard-HSM. To generate keys and certificates please use OpenSC, XCA
or the tools in OpenSCDP.
There are three issues left that we couldn't resolve
1. Signing with ECDSA: Apparently gpgsm puts the wrongs (RSAEncryption)
algorithm identifier in SignerInfo when using ECDSA. As a result
verification of the CMS fails with "conflicting use".
2. At least on Kubuntu the PIN callback to prompt the user to enter the
PIN at the reader PIN PAD does not work. gpgsm is reporting an invalid
IPC call. Working directly with scdaemon does not have the problem.
3. Apparently kleopatra only support TCOS card. It's unclear to my why
this restriction is in place.

@_date: 2014-07-18 18:31:54
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: APDU buffer in pcsc-wrapper too short 
While scd/apdu.c assumes a maximum length of 4096 byte for an extended
length APDU, scd/pcsc-wrapper allocates only 1024 byte for the response.
As most certificates are larger than 1024, reading them with extended
length fails.
The attached patch fixes the buffer size.

@_date: 2015-04-22 18:06:13
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Yubikey NEO OpenPGP advisory 
Thanks for sharing.
I guess this once again shows that writing security sensitive software
is not about just hacking some lines of code, it's about putting
together a good (or better semi-formal) functional requirements
specification and a test framework that validates the correct
implementation of the defined mechanisms. With a proper test set-up -
which is relatively easy to do for a smart card application - this
should not have happened.
And contrary to the Yubico position that this is a minor issue, I would
call the circumvention of the PIN mechanism a major issue. If you loose
the device, then you loose the key.

@_date: 2015-04-22 20:27:26
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Yubikey NEO OpenPGP advisory 
Not sure about that. If I loose my card on the street or someone picks
it from my pocket or my PC, than that is different from a malware attack
which I can protect myself against.
I would consider this a major bug, in particular if I purchase a device
to get this specific kind of protection.
Imagine a bank, SIM or electronic signature card with a malfunctioning
PIN. Would you consider that a minor bug ? I don't see that this is
different for an OpenPGP card.

@_date: 2015-02-06 09:12:22
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Talking about Cryptodevices... which one? 
And it doesn't even have undergone any independent security evaluation.
Smart cards (if done well) protect from unwanted key duplication or
disclosure. It's much harder to break into someones home to steal the
card than it is to steal a file and a number of key strokes.
Of course a smart card can not protect against malware on the host
computer, but it can prevent that the key is gone after malware has
infected the host. If my card is suddenly missing from my desk, than
that is much easier to spot than an illegal copy of my key file - which
I can't really detect.
And we are talking about the average user that can not easily control
what processes are running on their computer and if it's good or bad.
For them it's much easier to lock important keys away in their desk than
it is to keep a computer free from malware.

@_date: 2015-02-27 21:12:25
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption 
So what exactly is the purpose of the keyserver then ? If you expect me
to still verify fingerprints out of band, why would I grab a - probably
bogus key - from a keyserver first place ? I could immediately ask my
peer to send it by mail.
The keyserver would make sense, if my mail client would automatically
fetch the public key from a server, based on the e-mail address of the
sender and some identity data (e.g. fingerprint) in the mail signature.
It would them prompt me, if I want to add that key to my keyring and
optionally perform some additional out-of-band checks.
Because normally I exchange keys in the context of establishing a
relationship with the sender of the e-mail. The context (mail arrived
expectedly, had a phone call just before, answers my request) allows to
me to make a cautious decision about the level of trust I have in the key.
I have been using GNUPG for ages now, but I verified fingerprints only a
hand-full of time. Most of the time, I ask my peer for his public key
and wait for the mail to arrive. For me web-of-trust and key signing
parties don't make any sense, because I'd rather start a communication
with a bogus key and establish trust in my genuine peer from the
conversation we are having.
I like the way Threema does it: I can immediately start a secure
communication and if I need I can elevate the trust I have in the key.
But most of the time I'm communicating with people I know anyway.

@_date: 2015-01-24 18:14:01
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Talking about Cryptodevices... which one? 
And I would love to use that last device to store my PGP keys as well.
Unfortunately there is a certain resistance to support other devices
than cards conforming with the OpenPGPCard specification.
I want a device that can store all my keys independently of whether it's
a GNUPG key, a SSH key, a X.509 key, a DNSSEC key, a OpenVPN key,
because at the end it's just a private key - there is nothing special in
a GNUPG key that prevents me from storing it on a device other that a
And I don't want to be limited in the number and types of keys on that
device. And I want a secure key escrow scheme where I can backup and
restore sensitive key material - functions the OpenPGPCard specification
does not provide for.

@_date: 2015-01-24 17:57:15
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Talking about Cryptodevices... which one? 
Can you provide any evidence for that claim or is this just paranoia ?
Working in the smart card industry for close to 30 years now, I've never
come across an incident where a smart card was deliberately backdoor'ed.
Most smart cards used today in security sensitive mass applications like
banking cards, signature cards, national id cards or passports must be
independently evaluated and certified under the Common Criteria scheme.
I can not image a way to introduce a backdoor without being detected
during evaluation or in the secure delivery procedure. I can hardly
imagine a smart card manufacturer or evaluator that has to take
liability for a security product with a deliberately introduced backdoor.
I agree, that we've seen bad implementations in smart cards. We've even
seen certified products, that generated not so random numbers (Even
though this was the classical case of a developer trying to be smarter
than the user guidance allowed him to be).
Still smart cards have a case: They link the private key to a protective
and controllable piece of hardware. I can disconnect the card from the
PC and I can rest assured that no copies of the key exist and the key
can not be misused (Unless someone steals card and PIN). That is an
important security attribute that no software keys can provide for - at
some point in time the software key must be somewhere in memory.

@_date: 2015-01-27 18:19:52
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Talking about Cryptodevices... which one? 
Quite typically not. The platform we use for the SmartCard-HSM generates
a random AES key during platform initialization and encrypts all key
material in EEPROM under this key. The only time the key is handled in
plain (plain meaning within the protected enclosure of the secure
microcontroller) is when the crypto unit performs a private key operation.
While the device is at rest, key material in EEPROM is encrypted, the
AES key is stored in a CPU memory area separate from the main EEPROM.
The same should be try for OpenPGP cards based on a JavaCard applet.
Can't tell how it is done on other OpenGPG compliant cards.
Of course a more important aspect is resistance to various side channel
attacks (DFA/DPA and a like). Mitigating that risk is quite challenging.

@_date: 2015-01-27 18:23:45
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Talking about Cryptodevices... which one? 
Yes, but that uses a plain import/export of private keys, which defeats
the purpose of using a smart card to protect confidentiality of the keys.
I'd rather want a proper key escrow scheme were private keys are never
exposed at any interface.

@_date: 2015-01-27 19:14:23
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Talking about Cryptodevices... which one? 
The encryption on the card is unrelated to the PIN. It's rather an
authentication object that blocks private key operations until the user
has entered the correct PIN.
With a retry counter of 3, I'd recommend a 6 digit PIN.

@_date: 2015-01-27 21:01:02
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Talking about Cryptodevices... which one? 
Against certain hardware attacks that try to extract information from
EEPROM cells on the chip. The AES key is not stored in main EEPROM area
of the chip.
Encrypting keys at rest is just an additional measure beside all kind of
other tamper protection mechanisms implemented in modern smart card
micro controller.

@_date: 2015-03-12 17:13:52
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Enigmail speed geeking 
There are USB-Sticks with an embedded smart card controller that take
away the burden to find a working card reader (which _is_ a real pain).
The one we use has a standard CCID interface that works without driver
installation on the majority of operating systems.

@_date: 2016-02-24 20:12:13
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Nitrokey HSM and GPG 
Dear Martin,
the Nitrokey HSM has an embedded SmartCard-HSM which is only supported
by gpgsm. Unfortunately you can not use a key on the device as gpg key,
but only for S/MIME. GPG only supports cards that conform to the OpenPGP
Card Specification, which the SmartCard-HSM doesn't.

@_date: 2016-11-11 13:36:26
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: PCI DSS compliance 
The SmartCard-HSM supports n-of-m authentication using n out of m
"other" SmartCard-HSM cards/token to authenticate towards the device
with the private key. You need at least n authentication steps to enable
key access. Authentication is done using a public key based
challenge-response protocol, so that it also works remotely.
The scheme was specifically designed to provide shared control for
sensitive keys (like Root-CA keys).
The SmartCard-HSM is supported by gpgsm, however there is currently no
support for n-of-m build into scdaemon.

@_date: 2018-12-13 10:48:52
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Smart cards 
So you really believe that international payment organizations or mobile
network operators worldwide or border control authorities rely their
risk management on a piece of hardware from well known chip manufacturer
that could easily be subverted by a national security agency ?
I you believe that, then an Intel Management Engine, a ARM Trust Zone or
the baseband processor in mobile phone isn't anything better. Then it
doesn't help if your software is open source, because your keys are
"open source" as well.
I've been working in the smart card industry for over 30 years now and
the tale of subverted smart card chips has been around for ages. It's
one of the often told myths - but there hasn't been any evidence that
this has already happened.
Yes, this technology is far from being perfect and so are people
implementing code of those devices. We've seen a number of security
flaws in smart card systems, that is unfortunately true. Still, I would
rely on a smart card well designed for the purpose of keeping things secret.
Fact or fiction ?
And why ?
But that has nothing to do with smart cards.
I believe you are working for one of those nations' spy agencies and are
unable to break in. So you want us to believe that those devices can be
broken. so we leave our keys unprotected. Sounds absurd ?

@_date: 2018-12-13 11:31:55
@_author: Andreas Schwier 
@_subject: Smart cards 
Shared secret or asymmetric authentication with secure messaging like
Chip Authentication from BSI TR-03110.
That also helps to transmit the PIN securely.
