
@_date: 2004-12-13 16:36:03
@_author: Henry Andrew 
@_subject: OT: Question re: reply format of this mailing list 
Hope I don't offend anyone by posting off-topic, but i'm curious as to
why you all reply to messages by attaching an in-line message and
writing your replies within the original message under the relevant
parts?  Personally I think it is quite difficult to read the reply this
way, especially in plain-text mode.  Is this something that has been
decided at the list-level or is this considered to be generally good
Personally, I tend to strip the original mail altogether and just retain
the subject line, so that I don't get a mailbox overloaded with multiple
copies of the same data [text].  If there is something that I feel needs
to included in the reply, I include just that specific text within
quotes above my reply.  When I then come to search for a message thread,
I don't need to plow through several instances of the same text, and can
simply read the thread by date order.  Is there anything fundamentally
wrong is doing things this way?
Sorry for getting on the soap-box--just curious as to 'why'!

@_date: 2004-12-15 14:24:35
@_author: Henry Andrew 
@_subject: Windows Client 
I'd also like to know if there are any useful front ends out there.
WinPT at last glance was quite buggy and lacking in features, and has
not seen a significant update in a long time.  I currently use GPGShell
3.30, but am not overly impressed with the sloppy integration between it
and GPG.  If Enigmail can write a graphical front end to the GPG
interface (interprocess communication), whilst not actually containing
any encryption code (which is what GPGShell purports to do), then there
is no reason other than lack of knowledge or unwillingness to implement,
why this cannot be implemented in GPGShell, to remove the need for
command prompt windows and PAUSEs.
That being said, GPGShell does make life a lot easier when using GPG,
and until (a hopefully well integrated, clean front end) GPA is
released, seems to be the best option at the moment.

@_date: 2004-11-19 11:10:47
@_author: Henry Andrew 
@_subject: Determining algorithm to be used? 
If I encrypt a file, how can I determine which algorithm was or is used
to encrypt it?  Is it the first algorithm in the list of algos on my
If I update prefs to make sure AES256 is first, will encryption
automatically use this algo??
I want to stop having to use --cipher-algo aes256 every time I encrypt.

@_date: 2004-11-30 13:55:57
@_author: Henry Andrew 
@_subject: Public key server doesn't accept photos. 
I tried to upload a public key with photo to MITs key server and they do
not support this.  Does anyone know of a key server that does support
photo keys?
If I upload a photo key to another key server, will that key fail to
register with all those key servers that do not support this feature,
once synchronisation begins?

@_date: 2004-11-30 15:24:31
@_author: Henry Andrew 
@_subject: Cannot remove key from key server? 
I am trying to remove an old key from MITs key server and i'm not sure
how to do this and would appreciate some help.
Om MITs site they say that you cannot remove a key but you can upload a
revocation certificate.  Does this mean that I use --gen-revoke for my
key or do I edit the key first and use the revkey command??
I tried the second option to revoke a subkey (not really understanding
what the effect of this will be), then generatde an armoured public key
and tried to upload that to the server cia their web interface, and the
key server gave the following fail message:
Now, back to the photo question.  This key has a photo attached, and
when I tried to --gen-revoke and upload the key, the server gave another
message, but said there were no new keys in the text.  I then thought
that maybe I had uploaded this key before adding the photo, so I took
the photo UID away and tried again, which resulted in the error above.
Assuming that the photo *did* exist when I uploaded the key [to another
server], then how can I revoke it?
Thanks for all and any help!
