
@_date: 2012-08-29 11:28:52
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: What is stopping PKI from growing was: Re: what is killing PKI? 
Hello List!
I'm (for some of you) your worst nightmare. Somebody who does not master
the fine arts of cryptography, yet has an oppinion about cryptography. I
might say I enjoy reading the thread on PKI, but I wasn't able to read
it all.
Please understand this is not a flame against Landon, but rather at the
whole culture of having a debate that puts people into two groups: a
small one formed by initiated and a huge one with lay people. I am using
his message, yet the ideas were already used on other debates and on
other sites / forums / mlists. Bottom line, it's for everyone who might
feel ofended by it and not for those who might find it anything but
That's one of the best examples of a straw man fallacies. I'm quite sure
it wasn't intended, as you were probably just fighting an older
argument. Yet, someone might pick it up and use it.
I think the argument with the envelope instead of a postcard is dated
before considering encryption as an electronic envelope. Anyway, while
the argument is in my oppinion brilliant, the explanation is childish.
Or, if you preffer, it looks laid like an egg by the mind of the
stereotypical nerd living in a basement. The real postman has way too
much on his hands to waste time with every private message. Yet, the
message might be delivered into the hands of a servant or family member.
It's them, the people around, who are the most interested to find out
the juicy story.
Bringing in economics it's something that pops in more often year by
year. Economics is a silly way of putting things. And what you are
pointing out it's the accountancy, or bean counting if you preffer, and
not economics. With other words, I might not know much about
cryptography and its use, yet you guys don't know much about economics
either. From an economic point of view, bordering marketing, it would be
far better for me to invest into wonderful / interesting postcards which
I might obviously stamp with my Business data, thus providing a vehicle
for my brand. Even if the accountant might point out it's cheaper to
have bulk envelopes and use regular copier paper.
To expand the divagation: there are the financial point of view, the
accountant point of view, the economics point of view. We can expand to
the marketing point of view. All these are put in a blender with some
liquid, say barf from the chief editor and processed untill smooth.
Everything is than baked in whatever form the chief editor wants and
delivered to the masses as economics. Yet, it's still extremely
important to make the difference.
 > While we're kicking around pet theories though, I still think web mail
I find it sickening the absolutist way of thinking when there's the
place for relativism. I know both terms have various meanings nowadays
so bare with me.
Terrorism is relative. I make you live in fear. I am a terrorist. You
find a way to threaten my family in a desperate and ilogical / aberrant
attempt to stop me. Bravo! You are a terrorist too.
Media and political voices today are doing what has been done for
millenia: impose an absolutist view. I am terrorised by that guy I have
a right to do whatever is neccesary to stop him or her. With a wonderful
omision: nobody ever steps forward to specify what falls into whatever
is neccesary. With other words: the assumed victim can prove far more
vicious than the former agressor.
What Microsoft is doing around the world is indoctrination. Although
it's a light indoctination as college students around the world don't
feel an impulse to call the BSA hotline when they get an unlicensed copy
of some software.
What people should do is educate. Not indoctrinate. And even accept the
possibility people would choose otherwise.
But you are right with the first part of this paragraph. While every
once in a while there is a talk started somewhere, somehow about
cryptography and how people do not use it, there are far less on campus
training sessions. Highschool teachers are not stimulated with some
credit points somewhere if they follow some classes about privacy. It's
mostly a dry exchange of theories of why the World is the way it is now.
Really, while people are giving savant talks about why OTHER people are
not going their way, there are only a few who do the actual work. I read
about high entropy. Most wikipedia articles are written by math majors
who are pretty proud of the painting they could do with MathML. Can I
use an .ogg music file as a key to a truecrypt container? No, you should
use a high entropy pass phrase. How do I calculate if my password is
high entropy enough? I want to see numbers, as in password lenght.
Everybody gets it when somebody tells them a 4 letter password is weaker
than a 9 alphanumeric. I've seen quite a few debates. Using logarithms.
Each has a better idea which logarithmic value would be better. But how
to give a benchmark? Myself I agree with the author of that cartoon [1]
saying through 20 years of effort, we've successfully trained everyone
to use passwords that are hard for humans to remember, but easy for
computers to guess.
[1] I see webmail as far from a barrier. Get one plain text editor with
encrypt / decrypt abilities. Than just copy and paste the armored text.
What can be simpler? Why do I have to handle a buggy slow beast like
thunderbird or evolution when I can do it with the balast provided by a
modern web browser? If the browsers were of a smart design I could do
everything on a 386. So, instead of having a complicated system with
problems, just use a web interface and do all the mails offline in a
folder. Faster, more portable.
Nice story. Yet, when I search ?Yahoo webmail? on Google there isn't an
article in the first 25 links about the privacy issues of Yahoo. Yet,
Yahoo advertises it's secure. You do have the nice ideas. But I don't
see ANYTHING beyond that.
Why look down at people? Lay people? A concept invented by the religious
It's not so much people are stupid. It's much because nerds have
entrenched themselves in so many layers of silly talk that marketers
were able to easily pull a nice one: The Cloud! Alice sees a nice window
on her end of the cloud. For her, her window is magicaly tied to Bobs
Also I can tell you from my personal experiece the whine about not
having a Facebook account is just intelectual masturbation. Sure, a nerd
would have been shocked for a normal person not to have an email address
in 1998! But his social skills were close to zero. Meaning the effect is
also close to zero. Now people want to know fast everything there is to
know about you. So Facebook is the answer. Have a personality. Get some
social skills. Be interesting. And in no time people will change from
strange looks to ?tell me more about not using Facebook?.
It's cute to develop bondage though some sort of initiation, say
Dungeons and Dragons if you like a clich?, but it's still jacking off.
The world is the thing out, at large, and not some meetings in a
Also, from what I know and not some nation wide socio?economic study,
people are extremely concerned about their privacy. That's because of
two facts. One is the media fetish with fear. The other one is some well
made information campaigns. So people do know Facebook leads to divorces
and loss of money. But how can they still push the photo with that drunk
dead prostitute to all their friends? They want something about privacy
and security of communication. They have no alternative. And the
temptation is so strong they fall back to what they know.
Even if gpg is easily obtainabe, that is, still, almost nothing. Gpg is
not a portable app. One must read a few cryptic pages. Even if clear,
they are boring. Generate a key. What size? The answers are quite
liberal: it depends on what you need. It should be *2048 or read some
more dry text*. Alice gets Bob to install it too. Maybe Bob can't
install it as it is a laptop from work. Boom! The dark basement
wide?rimmed dork concludes: it's because lay people are not so smart
like us. Fast forward 5 years from now, when he'll get a hair cut and a
necktie as a token of his obedience to the firm and CEO, and the same
dork is going to be quite inquisitorial in his attitude towards
installing foreign, unauthorised software on the company laptop. Why, oh
why? Something breaks, he has the images. The laptop is back to square
one in less than half an hour. But he's now not a regular nerd. He's a
cool geek. And he has more than 50 security arguments of why he must not
waste time with mere mortals.
You see, it's disgusting. Education. Or indoctrination if you preffer.
Knowing about entropy. Knowing about what the cloud really is. Than back
to the real life. It's from these people that the system admins are
selected. They move out of their dirty basements. Maybe they have enough
money to trick a girlfriend. And than they are the ones imposing all
those restrictions. Mind you, is the CEO wasting sleep nights reading
long man pages about making and storing a copy of every employee's email
both outgoing and ingoing? Is the financial analyst blocking USB ports?
Is the personal secretary of the President of the company making the
software that lists login and logoff times for every white collar
employee and the proxy that tracks their every move? Puhlease!
See above. Alice finally gets it. And she wants to comunicate secure
with Bob. Bob CANNOT do it. Why? Not because he is stupid. Not because
he lacks the special culture of the powers of two and an understanding
of binary representation of a decimal number. But because a servant nerd
is going to do anything in its power to stop this. If the same over the
average intelligence social unfit would have written a company policy
that everyone should have gpg installed on their work station and
everyone should have one key for all business matter and one key for all
private matter upon the penalty of something, now life would be
different, don't you think?
Or what are you offering? Bob should carry a second laptop for private
matters? I used to have a bag of phones: the smallest number was 4.
Should I put two laptops on top of that? And some bike gear also. Now
that won't make me fit. That would lead straight to spine surgery.
Now, Thunderbird is a pain in the behind. A team is trying hard to bring
the anonymity of Tor to it. I hope they would be able to do it. It's
large. It's slow. It used to have issues with the protocols. But, it's
portable. Enigmail is an extension and that makes it rather portable.
But gpg4win is NOT.
Even if installing the three is quite easy, how about the bashing around
with ?you have to choose a good passphrase or it's worse than before??
Does Alice have to waste a month online trying to make sense out of
what's written about having a good passphrase? And why? To find out
she's only a lay person with wrong assumptions? No. Because she is only
human. She is going to do it the way she knows it and pray nothing bad
happens. This is what people have done for millenia. This is how, with
modern medecine, homeopathy thrives. Why risk dying in the hands of a
surgeon when you can be sure everybody dies sooner or later?
Also I think people like you should work more and more on their pleasant
side. Learn some skills that don't involve machines. Relax. Just because
other bullied you, you don't have to be a bully.
Or put it this way: what makes you sure your way is the good way? Just
because you think you are smart, makes you smart enough to think for the
others as well? What happens when you are in the wrong, even if you know
what you say is gospel truth, and other people start imposing their ways
upon you? How would that feel? I can assure you that a social unfit
person would fare much much worse than one of those lay people outside.
Question: sure, it's nice to see the signature used here, on the gpg
list. But why do you people use it? Myself, an outsider, see it as a
geek code. Sure, Werner is the gpg master. And somebody might
impersonate him and talk about a terrible breach of security in the
latest pack and offer an alternative download. But how about you, the
rest? What difference does it make if I would impersonate you or you or
you? I'd say get a cute tatoo some place obvious. It's far nicer.

@_date: 2012-08-29 11:49:06
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: A password, a passphrase, how about a passfile? 
I felt offended by my own email: What is stopping PKI from growing. So
I come with a question: some security apps like TrueCrypt and KeePass
allow the user to use a keyfile instead of a password.
Now, given a file filled with values 0 to 255 as random as they
possibly can get, a keyfile is the ideal key. Only that can be mistaken
by the bad guys as encrypted data. So, thanks to the guys with the
deniabily feature enabled in their cryptography apps, one risks to get
a few nails pulled at best. Or it can turn back home in more plastic
bags he or she can count. I'm thinking, as a lay person, how would a
simple, regular, obvious file fare as a keyfile?
Would a 6Mb wav fit the bill? Would a 3.5Mb compressed flac file do any
better? Would a 125Kb jpeg of a grandmother be better or worse? Would a
rather random 60Kb quote from the Shakespeare, the Bible or the Koran
in ASCII or UTF-8 be better than my 26 hard to guess password? How
about a 2Kb useless, pointless pdf? Or it's 3Kb standard, plain zip?

@_date: 2012-08-31 14:07:19
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: What is stopping PKI from growing was: Re: what is killing PKI? 
Thank you Faramir!
I was so afraid nobody would feed the troll and the archives would split
the OP and the answer because of the passing month.
A user with an attitude. A newcomer with an idea. Anything that disrupts
a pecking order is a potential nighmare as it might imply the subject
might be subjected to beak hits in the cranial area for the following
The reality there are only a few masters of cryptography. The others
just translate the math into scripts the best they can. Which means less
than optimal.
The other reality is that other people don't bother to read and
comprehend something unless they see a gain, they can feel a profit,
whatever that might be. Which, in the light of the ?knowledge?, makes
them stupid. Stupid for not thinking the same way as the subject, the
self of the idea generator if you like.
Thus a pornographer in Islam is far more willing to encrypt his
transactions than a highschooler who writes about what ?everybody
knows?. Only to find out 10 years later that there were people that it
would have been better not to know.
Tech. Skill. Being smart. Being less smart. Being not smart at all. Why
all this? The carrot at the end of the rope is enough for an ass. People
don't go though 4 years of University to be more educated. They want
access to those better paid jobs everybody talks about. Bringing to the
table a fake aura of erudition is only a side effect. It's nice, but not
good enough. Exaggerated sex and drinking records are far easier to
bring to the table for far less effort.
Manuals are long and hard to understand because they were produced
through the same process: reward. Only a few accidental professors do
try to teach students something. Most want to further their academic
career. Which is why, each of them, good or bad, chose that particular
path in life. In their world a 50 page book made out of a single diagram
populated with very basic language is risible. And a 5 000 page compact
text is very academic?ish. Read that and that's what you do have on your
hands: a very compact typed succession of words. Those words can become
meaningful if the student is particularly attracted to the subject and
is ready to absorb almost anything in relation.
You have to see it in perspective. In 19 century US people were actually
punished for teaching dark skinned individuals how to read. It was THE
law. Yet, some of those ?darkies? went to great lenghts to learn it. The
same way a dedicated scientist would read any kind of junk in hopes of
finding a gem that would further one's knowledge.
Make education available to everyone no matter the color of the skin and
some people would still not know how to read. Make it mandatory and some
would even rebel against it. The same goes for the sciences. Make a
vaccine. Many would ignore it till it's too late and there's an oubreak.
Make it compulsory vaccinations and people would develop legends.
Against the process, of course.
The trick is to make it so simple people won't be able to resist. As
long as the alphabet is a dry succesion of signs there would be people
who don't know how to read. Make it fun and it would be hard to stand.
Make reading fun and people would go from being able to sign their names
to being able to actually read.
Now, make cryptography simple is bound to make it weak. But I don't mean
to make it simple that way. Make it obvious. The computer does the work.
If it does the work for the bad guys decrypting messages, why shouldn't
it work for the common man as well? After all, we're past the days of
Enigma. Today I can't imagine a room filled with people with pens and
papers scribbling fast theories of how to break a gpg ascii armoured
text. Today it's the day of the dictionary attack.
I wonder how would be in the day when I would ask the next search
engine: I had a highschool friend that went around calling himself John
when his name was actually Sam. He's probably balding by now and must
have a huge beer belly as he used to love that drink. And poof! There I
have a screen filled with pictures of potential people. Today it's only
the dictionary attack. Facebook indexes everything and given the data
given by the antourage of a particular user the system can pull him out
of the crowd for me or for anybody asking. Recording conversations goes
the same way. I want to search anybody who says a particular word.
Nothing smart. Actually the very fast process pushed by the future IBM
to the National Socialists. So, at least for me, it's hard to see what's
smart or inovative to what Google or NSA are doing today.
Back to what you have written: just ?stay with us? is not enough. The
man of the 2001 needs defaults. The ability to further ones knowledge is
a nice feature, but less relevant. I think it never was. But that's only
So does the envelope. A white envelope, unless dropped in a private
meeting, means anybody can feel to be the recipient. So there should be
at least a recipient. But, usually it's quite easy to locate the sender
too. Centuries back, that could be avoided through means closer to
stegranography: send a messenger who would not catch attention directly
to the intended target.
The envelope example has some shortcomings. The sender was easy to find
out. The recipient was obvious. Yet, the text, now, that was a problem.
Writing was not for everyone. And people could learn different
alphabets. And write gibberish. See Helsinki slang.
Here, you are wrong. There is no unless. Take Soviet Union. Some say
they reached the one fifth mark of the population doing the spying on
others. The proportion is irelevant. Today, the NKVD siblings have the
same purpose, no matter what the charter says. And they are ready to be
somehow next to everyone. In a way, that's a very good sign. It's a
dumbing down of the organisation. Back in 1960 they had to prioritise.
They had to schedule whom to monitor and whom not.
Also, in the Politics of Fear if you are not with me than, surely, you
are against me. So, it used to be information gathering and bullying the
boss' enemies. Today it's personal. It'd ideological.
My provider gives me an option to send plain text so there's no problem
here. But your idea is way better as it is more portable.
As a former pine user I find it a disgusting waste. Kidding. But take a
look at its history. Some insecure protocols, yet simple. And badly
handled. No privacy in mind. No security in mind. After all, this is the
15th major version and there still are some issues. And it's a mammoth.
100Mb of memory for an IMAP check?
Also, enigmail is the fruit of the plugin concept. So the plugin
platform gets the merit and not Thunderbird. Thunderbird does not care
much about security in the general sense. More about things that can't
be shifted to anybody else.
For a while.
Yes, the PortableApps guys offer the whole pack of three, all portable.
See? You're misusing terms. Living into a large Panopticon and calling
another one paranoid, even yourself.
Oh, really? And you've been a registered user of the list since 2011.
What does initiation mean to you? Does it have to include severe
beatings? Sexual assault from your peers? Does it need incantations and
certain uniforms?
It can be on the top floor of the tallest building eyes can see. Does it
make it less of a Dungeon?
Of a version that is going to slowly die. In an age where install means
being able to control your terminal, which is a no?no.
Sure. Somebody who can't even get administrator rights on a system, what
can he do? The system, the operating system can spy on you. Just like
with enigmail on thunderbird, it can be a particular driver on your OS. I don't know the way out. So I'm glad I'm not a developer of security
They should be stimulated. They should know is old wives talk: you
should know better! Or that's the way it is!
Because the complicated part is far from building or installing an app.
It's the whole system that is rotten. The TCP/IP is made so anybody can
put a third and a fourth man in the middle. HTTP is so visionary and so
plain text. Take Yahoo for example. They have put the login page through
SSL. Nice. Yahoo Messenger protocol sends it all in plain text. Chat
programs store the passwords in plain text. And there are enough holes
in that protocol that any feature can be changed. Say one user is
?invisible?. Well, whole sites are dedicated to seeking them online.
There's one invisible noun. Yet, with Yahoo there are two switches: one
for the web and one for the messenger.
GPG? GPG is fine. Yet, GPG does not come with a text editor embeded.
Which editor? Any! Take your pick. Most are made by people with the IQ
of a frozen hamburger. The original text has one copy in memory, one in
the temp folder (it used to be directories, no?), maybe one in the
journals. All in plain text. Isn't it a bit silly to debate the entropy
of a pass phrase?
Well, the bad guys still have to match the key fingerprints or IDs. If
they are on a key server, that's fine. Anyway, there has to be a WOT in
place too. I can generate a new key with your handler and email in no
time. And put it on every known keyserver. Does it mean it's you? You
can't even kill it, as you can't generate a revocation key. But that
leads to deniability which is another can of worms.
The Tor interaction with Thunderbird shows bad practices. I'm sure there
is a lot more just based on how they develop things.
Not connected with Thunderbird, GPG, or any app mentioned here. But
there used to be a real problem with buffer overflows. It was simple. It
was obvious. Developers knew about the potential. Yet nobody cared less
than the developers. They only fixed bugs rated dangerous. The ones
writing that junk are the teachers of today Python and PHP hackers. And
their software is safe because Python takes care of buffer overflows?
It's the same bad practices that reproduce themselves at an amazing
rate. Sendmail would have to worry about libc. And they had the decency to
generate workarounds for the libc bugs if needed. Thunderbird depends on
many packs. The plugin interface is not safe. It was not supposed to be
safe. And they are only bothered by the obvious memory leaks. And that's
still good. So many projects are happy to shift the blame and say: it's
not us, is one of the packs we use and the bug has been filled.
All this because I just gave an example of how Thunderbird is broken.
Also, you seem to have driven around the point of the message.
Anyway, myself I like a good debate.
Only that ?out of our scope? is a bit too much. Privacy is exemplified
as the confidential talk between a patient and a doctor. And the dorks
stop here in their analysis. It's already too much. Time for a WoW or
something else.
The patient is presumed sick with a Cancer. The doctor sends an
encrypted message. Nobody can read it. Yet, the patient is gloomy. Do we
know the content? Sure. So the pretty good privacy has failed miserably.
The patient has a private and confidential chat with a representative of
a medical laboratory specialised in blood analysis. Do we know the
answer? Yes. We're not sure what particular strain of the virus. But
that's less relevant. Or maybe the patient is happy. So the answer is
negative or with no important impact in his life. But, is it? Maybe the
partener does not know that. A wonderful gesture of protecting the
partner can turn into a relationship breaker. Some would not stand to
lose the relationship, so they would expose the partener too. Pretty
good privacy? Next to nothing.
But in the world out there there are not just STDs, terminal illnesses
or teen pregnancies. A wistleblower or a political opposition member
need privacy too. Yet, they can be torn to bits and their secrets
extracted through the wonderful and never dying security concept of the
rubberhose hacking.
You can argue that they need anonymity too. I say the first implies the
latter. One might be gloomy for a number of reasons once the others
don't know the sender was from oncology, or even in a medical job.
PortableApps.com. Wonderful project. I love them and used them whenever
I'm on Windows.
Actually, I was going for clich?.
And I don't imagine. I exagerate. In order to make a point. This list is
wonderful. No sarcasm. But some of the energies could flow better, in my
oppinion, if directed on a different course. Yes, there is an
initiation. Even if that's not quite as dramatic as people imagine
things when they read about initiations. Same way as a ritual can be as
simple as start walking with the right foot when one's on the way to
something important. You don't need the silly costumes and pomp of an
Easter Mass or a Royal Wedding.
I'm sorry. I'm an asshole. I've seen and ignored bits of messages and
today I'm too damn lazy to even search for them. I am also afraid at
being told I point fingers. If I point any fingers, are at the keyboard.
Myself I used to hoist a booored face when repeatedly asked the same
question over again till I understood it's not the same mouth that is
asking the question.
That should explain it. But beware. A friend was just suspended on
Ubuntu forums for pointing out through ridicule the stupidity of a
moderator. For the moderator there was no need to have HTTPS support for
Ubuntu forums because lots of others don't have it too. And a second
moderator pointed out smartly how his skill with Google can show there
is no need for SSL because their master, Canonical, does need it.
Hahaha. That is a story I enjoy each time I read it. You are probably
not aware, but some of the high masters of hexadecimal good and evil in
some large multinational corporations didn't know that either. For each
it all started with some fake memo sent from the CEO. What's worse is
that it has never crossed their minds for a moment that the technique
could have been used before in their corporation for smaller names. At
this point I raise my hat to the work done by black hats everywhere.
But you can sign your mails with ?Zzz? without the quotes and have the
same effect. You can argue somebody would impersonate you on this list
or another and... the chance can be as high as having your key stolen if
you are not careful.
For that a very important aspect is the handler should become an
identity. At that point it's getting harder and harder to impersonate
you. But that can take years, and strong key generation is much shorter
But I am an outsider of this list. I haven't been involved on this list
since the days of the, than, new site when there was a debate between
having index.html.en or index.en.html.
I am an outsider for Thunderbird too. I hated all Netscape derivates.
I'm not saying I was a IE supporter. But bad design is still bad design.
I bought the lie of Firefox and dumped it when they started growing
bigger and against their own statements just to please Google and other
corporate friends. I'm back because NoScript can't fit well on other
browsers. But Thunderbird is still just a once in a decade GUI to backup
mail accounts.
The fact that I know how easy can one use a text editor to encrypt and
decript does not make the perspective brighter as all text editors I use
are unsafe. Thus, one have to encrypt the whole system and hope the
memory modules are cold the time someone touches the box. Not much
optimism there.
I know password strength is related to the entropy. I fail to see the
point in some of the tomes I have read. I can use capitals and numbers.
Or lowercase US version of the latin alphabet, as the computers still
aren't smart enough to handle other languages without complicated
translation libraries, and maybe numbers / digits and a space. Vs having
lowercase, uppercase, digits, signs and tremble day and night about the
entropy. The way I figgure it's either badly understood by me or badly
defined by the others. Because ?Clich?? can be cracked even easier than ?Jimi Hendrix?, yet
having a Hendrix poster behind me won't help with ?greatest1guitarist?,
but some warning mechanisms against weak passwords will aim for my head
for that last one. Dictionary word, no variation, no signs. Heaven
forbid I double some letter!
Alice is Alice Cooper and I always felt nerds were so nasty to make
stories about Alice and Bob (Geldof), and have Charlie and Chuck and
Dave and so on. Yet only Eve is the passive attacker.
As for having the geek as the good guy, I'm against. There's nothing
worth praise in beeing a geek. Thus the use of the uglier nerd. There's
an article about this written by a guy with much better command of the
English language:
Cheers!

@_date: 2012-07-20 17:51:38
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: KeePass or any other password wallet to store and transport keys 
I don't know much about security and cryptography. So what do you
think about this combination? Is it any safer or is just a waste
of time with the conversion to ASCII and back?

@_date: 2012-07-21 20:57:30
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: KeePass or any other password wallet to store and transport keys 
My fault. Keepass or other password wallet to store and transport keys
instead of the regular keyring.

@_date: 2012-07-22 01:26:03
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: KeePass or any other password wallet to store and transport keys 
Hmm? that's an excellent question. I never formulated it this way. I
guess computer theft. The other possible scenarios are far less

@_date: 2012-07-22 23:51:19
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: KeePass or any other password wallet to store and transport keys 
Having a few private files opened with the key that resides on the same
hard drive unit, which I know it's a no?no.

@_date: 2012-07-23 01:22:59
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: KeePass or any other password wallet to store and transport keys 
Interesting. But I meant in my original unclear post something along the
change of encryption. Moving keys off the keychain into armored text
strings pushed as comments into empty or bogus entries into a password
Very interesting. So having a keepass database or a gpg keychain on a
Truecrypt drive might make them both more vulnerable?

@_date: 2012-07-23 01:39:12
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: KeePass or any other password wallet to store and transport keys 
Yes, security through obscurity. A possible attacker won't know for sure
which key is the useful one without opening the keychain. Or can he
While we're at this one: the reason I am using KeePass is because I have
a hard time remembering one strong password. Having about 50 of them, a
different one for each account, it's a true pain. But a passphrase is
something completely different. It's harder to type. It employs far less
characters. Yet it can be looong. How about that? Is that any better? 45
ASCII lowercase with a uppercase ASCII and a couple of signs is better
than 16 random alphanumerics and signs?

@_date: 2012-07-23 13:21:09
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: KeePass or any other password wallet to store and transport keys 
I don't want to make it really stronger. Just less usable for the
everyday thief. I don't want something like a WEP password. I use
KeePass as it is a comfortable option. It has much overhead than a plain
text file, yet it's portable. I use TrueCrypt drive as an enhanced zip
archive. Now, GPG, with its asymetric encryption, sounds better, but
it's less portable. Altough there are more systems that have it
installed than systems with TrueCrypt. In my case TrueCrypt is only a
wrapper around a GPG keychain, a database and some backups.

@_date: 2012-07-24 01:45:31
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: KeePass or any other password wallet to store and transport keys 
Yes, that sounds a lot better than what I had in mind. It's also a way
to combine the two, but with less overhead.
That's true. And that reminds me that my data on a TrueCrypt drive is
still available in plain for all to access in the TEMP folder if I use
unsafely designed apps, which means most of them.

@_date: 2012-07-25 14:29:32
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: KeePass or any other password wallet to store and transport keys 
I keep the key on the same phisical drive as the encrypted document.
That's security through obscurity assuming the other one won't know
where to search for the key, which is not stored with the right
extension or in the most common place.
So he or she will have to locate the right key. Reasonable would be to
keep the key away, at least on some removable media.
If only dictionary attacks would be the the problem than any longish
verse from a popular band could do it. Just add a comma in some weird
place and you have broken even the lyrics hacker.

@_date: 2012-09-05 09:39:00
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: A safe text editor 
Could you recommend a safe text editor, in the sense it does protect
the edited contents in memory, but, most important, on the disk (temp
files and such). Having functions to interact with gnupg would be even
The point is to edit a text and have it all encrypted on disk. I'd like
one that goes for .asc instead of .txt.

@_date: 2012-09-09 22:04:59
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: A safe text editor 
Actually he misunderstood my request either. So there's no problem here.
It's sad to see that Pretty Good Privacy is just about pretty good and
nothing more. People don't seem to care beyond playing 007. In a way
it's dramatic given the Industriaised World is all about crunching data.
Jake Applebaum was right: people should read IBM and the Holocaust.
Myself I've appreciated much your input. Searching a drive for a
particular string can work wonders without any need of more elaborate
hacking skills.

@_date: 2012-09-09 23:32:06
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: A safe text editor 
I just asked around about this issue. And all I get is people telling me
how their fav text editor can juggle with private keys too. Than I have
to ask some more questions and end up in the same point: they never
understood what safe meant. So they never bothered to take the word into
account. So for them it translates what text editor can do scripting
In theory there is no issue with that PGP offers. Given I use the old
spy technique of dropping a message. This way I can use an embassy
computer. That is cut off from unauthorised physical access and has no
network connection. I can upload my message on a virgin piece of media.
And find some public toilet to hide it behind the plumbing. Someone
might find it by accident. But the encryption is so strong the message
is rather pointless.
The problem is with the user base. Let me check. Wikipedia says 1991 is
the year PGP was born. 1995 is the year Internet for the masses was
born. Some time later the 24/7 unlimited net connection became available
to the masses. Malware, OS bugs. Searching high and low and nobody I ask
has any idea of some basic tools that go hand in hand with such a strong
encryption tool. So there might be something in the high waters of the
20+ pages of Google search, but it might be labeled pre?alpha or be
unused for the past decade.
So how does one work safely with GPG with 2 to 10 copies levitating in
the cloud or on the hard drive? In theory one might just pull the
network cable out and boot into a second OS. In the same Imaginationland
people have been doing only art and phylosophy since 1960s when the
machines started to do all the phisical work for each to have food and
shelter for free.
Don't get me wrong. I'm not judgemental. Everybody with their own
fetishes. But I'm starting to see the futility in the search for

@_date: 2012-09-11 00:13:15
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: A safe text editor // why?? 
Why? For the same reason people are on the Internet when the postal
services around the World are fastest than ever and book publisher are
delivering each year more books than in the previous. PGP/GPG exist for
the exact same reason. I can get a feather and write my letter. Each
character written with a wider stroke is a dash and the regular ones are
dots in my own gang private Morse Code. I can send the ISBN of a very
common book and we can encode somehow the date into the page numbers.
Than send the coordinates of the words I want to use. Or get our own
private twist to one of the speedwriting alphabets. Steganography? Get a
business. Say as a photographer. Send a complimentary framed photo. On
the glued side of the frame there is a message. Sky is the limit!
The irony: there are probably millions of text editors. And they are all
working for the Big Brother.
