
@_date: 2009-12-15 23:45:43
@_author: Kaori Ari 
@_subject: The number of lines of a key opened in a text-editor 
Hi everybody,
I really don't know whether I'm asking a stupid question or not. It is about
the length of a Public Key of GnuPG. Such that:
When I open the back-up of a public key in a text editor (say "pkey.asc" in
Gedit), I see a long 'meaningless' text. It's OK. It is a perfectly
justified text (I don't know why and how) and I or the editor can count how
many lines there are.
The longer the key strength is, the more lines there are (I guess).  DSA
type has constant strength: 1024 bytes. El-Gamal is between 1024 and 4096
If El-Gamal is 1024 bytes, then the number of lines of its public key in a
text editor is around 25.
If El-Gamal is 4096 bytes, then it is around 40.
That is reasonable for me.
However, I have checked many public keys from the server (pgp.mit.edu) and
found some exceptions. For example, one of the Debian maintainers' public
keys has El-Gamal 2048 bytes strength but has 340 lines (!!!?) when opened
in a text editor.
I've tried to obtain such a long key, but I couldn't.
The questions are:
- How can it be possible to obtain such a long text of a public key although
it has 2048 bytes strength or whatever?
- Is such a long text public key more secure than what we get regularly?
My apologies regarding possible mistakes in the language...

@_date: 2009-12-16 04:25:45
@_author: Kaori Ari 
@_subject: The number of lines of a key opened in a text-editor 
Thank you Robert, "byte" or "bit" difference is essential for me. I also
attach importance to such things. Have a nice coffee drink :)
Thank you Olav, I've dumped the text and seen that all Debian maintainers (I
guess theirs) had signed it (about 130 signs). I've got the point. I've
tried to add an extra email address to my key and it increased one more line
in the text.
Thank you Daniel, but at first I couldn't manage the command. After a while,
instead of it, I try
gpg --list-packets abc.asc > example.cert.
(greater sign ">")
By the way I've just noticed that Gnu Privacy Assistant (gpa) GUI lists all
the signatures on the public key.
Best regards,
