
@_date: 2012-10-29 13:05:56
@_author: User 
@_subject: new release of GPA 
You may want to take a look at GPGshell for an alternative. It works
well on WinXP - Win7, and it is 64-bit compatible. I'm using it without
any issues. From what I can see, it actually has more functionality
too. It's available here:

@_date: 2012-10-29 15:28:02
@_author: User 
@_subject: new release of GPA 
It is free and it says "Freeware" right on the page where the reference
to downloading it was shown:
And there was no disrespect intended from what I can see. "The fact
remains that..." the GnuPG product is apparently broken and the OP was
looking for a GUI program. Not everyone wants to use a CLI.
Well have you seen what all it can do? At least twice as many of the Gpg
commands and options are accessible from the GUI, and how many
enhancements to GPA have there been in the last few years?  Seems like
the GUI and the Windows port in particular exist out of deference at best.
Listening to its users?

@_date: 2012-10-29 16:37:09
@_author: User 
@_subject: new release of GPA 
Just because "you" have decided to cherry pick your definition of the
English word "free" does not make it more or less so. The word not only
can be used to mean "unconstrained", such as you seem to want, but it
can, and in fact more commonly does, also mean "obtainable without any
payment". And you will find both these definitions in the online Free
Dictionary here:   Oh, and you
should feel "free" to quote me on that if you like.
The fact remains true nonetheless: it is free of charge for me, or you,
to use.
Now you are making up stories because no one ever said that GnuPG CLI
was broken, the whole discussion is about the GPA product, which is in
fact broken.  If you had bothered to read the OP, you should see that it
is too:
"The latest beta version fails to work properly on my 64-bit Windows 7
OS. Whenever I open the File Manager, either with tool or from the menu,
the program stops working and closes with an error message saying
"gpa.exe has stopped working." Working without this feature in GPA is
rather restricted. "
 So, I checked it out and, indeed, upon trying to open the GPA File
Manager, the program gives a message saying it has stopped working, and
then it terminates.  Or are you inclined to find another convenient
definition to rationalize that this does not really mean it is broken? :)  Sorry about that, Robert, but it is surely broken, and it even tells
you so.
I could yes, but perhaps you should look for yourself since you have
never seen it, by your own admission. Anyway, how can you honestly
continue to justify your position of respecting that this topic not be
discussed when you yourself continue to respond with one reason after
another in your defense?  Your very actions are contrary to your
purported opinion.

@_date: 2012-10-29 17:31:42
@_author: User 
@_subject: new release of GPA 
You are obviously a troll, and not a very good one at that.  Good riddance.

@_date: 2012-10-29 17:37:53
@_author: User 
@_subject: new release of GPA 
As someone who appears not yet to have leaned how to reply to someone
else's post (all your responses were to your posts, not to the correct
post), do you really expect someone would take you seriously when it
comes to evaluating anything else?  What a joke!  :)  You must live in
la-la land, where all trolls like to linger.

@_date: 2012-10-29 18:11:56
@_author: User 
@_subject: new release of GPA 
He's a troll who couldn't find his way out of a wet paper bag. He
brought this up, not me. Or is "Robert" one of your sock puppets? If you
want to follow him down the "useful avenues" of la-la land, jump aboard.
 Me, I already know what the words "free" and "broken" mean. If you let
someone confuse you about such a simple topic, what the hell business do
you have looking at encryption software anyway? Your everyday
terminology is already encrypted in your mind.  :)
