
@_date: 2012-04-04 14:03:26
@_author: auto15963931@hushmail.com 
@_subject: pinentry 
I use gpg on Windows OS. On the command line when I use this gpg -d filename.asc
a pinentry window pops up requesting my passphrase. If it happens that the message was encrypted with the option --throw-keyids, then the pinentry window, not knowing which key was used, starts with one of my keys arbitrarily and requests the passphrase for it. I have two questions about this procedure.  First, if I know which key was used and I want to select it, I can click the "Cancel" button at the time I see the arbitrary key dialogue window, and then the program will select another key, again apparently arbitrarily, and so on in succession, until it gets to the one I want, at which time I can enter the correct passphrase and get the decrypted result.  However, much of the time I find that using this procedure does not cause the pinentry dialogue to move from one key to another but instead causes the dialogue window to close after either the first or second clicking on the cancel button instead of continuing on down through the complete list of keys I have available. It just fails to decrypt.  This failure occurs mostly when I first try to use the procedure, but then it starts working properly after a few tries even though I do exactly the same steps each time.  Why does it fail initially?  Is this a known issue?  I have noticed a number of instances of failures during batch decryption too, even though the pinentry dialogue does not arise of course. These failures result in the "--status-file" indicating that the decryption failed although in fact I can find the decrypted message present. Secondly, what is the correct way to handle this sort of procedure under these circumstances so that indeed all the keys would be tried each time?  My initial thought is to include the option "--
try-all-secrets" in order to prevent the failure and premature closing of the decryption attempts during batch processes. Thanks.

@_date: 2012-04-04 20:51:16
@_author: auto15963931 
@_subject: [admin] Re: signature verification data 
Shalom to you likewise. My bad, Werner! Thanks for the reminder about
your preferences.
What is this url for: gmane-discuss at hawk.netfonds.no?  How is it
different from this one: gmane.comp.encryption.gpg.user? I mean, do they
differ merely in having different routing protocols but have the same
distribution destinations? Thanks.

@_date: 2012-04-07 10:31:57
@_author: auto15963931 
@_subject: pinentry 
Hauke, hello. I expect when I get to the bottom of it all, I will find
the fault is caused not by Windows but by my error or need for an
adjustment of some kind. I was hoping that my description would trigger
someone's idea about a similar experience so that they could provide a
pointer to jump start my fixing the issue. Anyway, I have made some
This part of the problem still exists. Individually trying to decrypt a
file encrypted with throw-keyids will fail, often but not always, to try
all the keys before aborting the effort. I can prevent the problem by
using "--try-all-secrets"; but, so far as I can see, this problem arises
only during individual file decryption and not during batch decryption
procedures. At least, this has been my experience up to now.
It is a puzzling phenomenon and not apparent to me what is behind it. It
almost seems like a memory thing or caching issue, but I'm not sure, yet.
This part I have solved. My batch routine was overwriting the good
output after the routine looped through the files again.  I have changed
it now to circumvent the occurences and I get the correct results.

@_date: 2012-08-01 09:50:45
@_author: auto15963931 
@_subject: message signature types 
Charly Avital:
So the last question is just how do I go about checking whether one of
these smime.p7s certificates has been revoked. What is the process of
revocation in general? Thanks.

@_date: 2012-08-01 11:54:57
@_author: auto15963931 
@_subject: message signature types 
Werner Koch:
I already have Gpg installed, as well as GPA, but I have not used them
for smime, which is, I think, what I hear you say I can do? In any case,
when I right-click the certificate in Win7, I see no option that would
lead me to believe that my system is currently capable of viewing this
certificate. I opened it in a text viewer application, but it appears to
be binary, not really a text file that I can see. So, what would I need
to do at this point to take a looksy at this certificate file, which I
detached from the message of which it was part? Thanks.

@_date: 2012-08-02 10:35:01
@_author: auto15963931 
@_subject: message signature types 
Werner Koch:
I tried looking at this certificate with GPA but it failed to import it,
etc. It said there were no keys. On the other hand, I would like to be
able to simply view this certificate to see its content: signer,
authority, expiration, etc. Is this possible using anything from gnupg
program or GPA. For example, I was able to locate a program on the web
that allowed me to view the detached smime.p7s signature file. I am
looking for this kind of functionality with gpg or gpa.  This is the
program I found:
I don't really want to make use of any program like this if I can get
the same information with my existing programs, but this functionality
is what I want. With it I can read everything about this certificate. Is
doing this much possible? Thanks.

@_date: 2012-08-17 09:56:56
@_author: auto15963931 
@_subject: how vulnerable is "hidden-encrypt-to" 
Is there any way on heaven or earth for someone to discover from a
message, one sent to them or to another person, whether the encrypted
message had been made with an option "hidden-encrypt-to" or what key ID
had been used in conjunction with that option? Thanks.

@_date: 2012-08-17 21:05:32
@_author: auto15963931 
@_subject: how vulnerable is "hidden-encrypt-to" 
Hauke Laging:
Hello, Hauke
Apparently, that it was used could be seen, but to whom it had been
encrypted could not unless one happened to have that key. In the example
of yours it appears as though the message was encrypted to two different
keys, one of which was hidden and the other not. Is that right?
Incidentally, when I looked at your reply and noticed it was signed, I
tried verifying the signature. However, the signature appeared to be
invalid according to the message I got:
OpenPGP Security Info
Error - signature verification failed
gpg command line and output:
gpg: Signature made 08/17/12 10:16:27 Central Daylight Time
gpg:                using RSA key 5BA0F8B53A403251
gpg: BAD signature from "Hauke Laging " [unknown]
Why is the signature failing? Thanks.

@_date: 2012-07-31 11:57:17
@_author: auto15963931 
@_subject: message signature types 
If this is the wrong place to ask, please point me in the right
direction. Where can I learn more about importing, if such a thing is
even done this way, and making use of message signatures which utilize
an "smime.p7s" file? I got a message from someone who uses this, and I
need to learn about verifying and downloading from a keyserver files
like this. Especially important for me is learning how to check whether
it had been revoked, etc.  Where is a support group for this sort of
signature if this is not it? Thanks.

@_date: 2012-03-04 21:13:58
@_author: auto15963931@hushmail.com 
@_subject: invalid gpg key revocation 
Hello. Supposing I create a key with an arbitrary user ID, and it contains an email address that is not real but exists only for sake of having a key to use for signing and encrypting with a pseudonym, and supposing I make the public key available by putting a copy of it on an anonymous website so that others can import it and be able to identify things I have written and signed as valid and legitimately belonging to me, how is it then possible that someone else would be able to get the key revoked even while I had not published it to a key server at all? I mean, suppose someone wanted to "mess around" with me and have my key revoked.  How could that have been done? Can it be prevented? Thank you.

@_date: 2012-03-05 17:12:24
@_author: auto15963931@hushmail.com 
@_subject: invalid gpg key revocation 
I am 99.9% sure no one has gotten access to my machine or my keys. If they had, I have to believe that there would have been more damage done than this, and that does not appear to have happened. I mention the details, which may seem irrelevant, only because sometimes the devil is in the details.  This event has in fact occurred, and I need to figure out how to explain it and prevent it. There was no revocation certificate for the key in question. There has to be another explanation. If this was user error, then I want to find that as well. What can be looked at on the revoked key to see how or under what circumstances it was revoked? Thanks.
On Sun, 04 Mar 2012 22:29:30 +0000 Hauke Laging

@_date: 2012-03-06 18:36:07
@_author: auto15963931@hushmail.com 
@_subject: invalid gpg key revocation 
Okay, there are a lot of responses, and I need to get to the bottom of this as quickly as possible, but I also want to do so methodically.  Let me respond to the points raised as best I can until this is resolved. bounces at gnupg.org]
seem like
 or
could not
I agree that user error is a possibility, but I am not certain how to prove it. I can reproduce another public key just like the one that was revoked except using a different name. I can use the same program, same method and same machine, and I can post it to an email here just as I posted it to the other site I mentioned. This way you can see the result plainly. At least we can determine whether the key is getting made correctly.
I have to reiterate, but not eliminate the posibility, that someone having access to this machine is extremely unlikely.  This machine is not in a public place or workplace. It is at my home, and I do not have any guest accessing it. My family members would not, and could not do this anyway. It is fully encrypted and well protected.  I have a good deal of anti-malware and firewall protection.  Impossible, no; improbable, highly so.
bounces at gnupg.org]
However, only
and the
your secret
Looking at this instruction, I think you assume that I have imported the revoked key onto my keyring. I have not done so.  On my keyring is the valid key, which is not revoked.  The revoked key appears to be on a keyserver.  When I do a search and view the result online, I can see my key ID number and user ID plainly identifying this key as having now been revoked.  I have not imported it. The really wierd part is that I never publicly put it on a server myself. I guess someone else did that as part of this malice after I put it on a website for importing.  I am reluctant to import the bad one because it might mess up the good one. So, I am not sure how to look at the certificate with your command, which appears to require that I export it. Does it not?
usually the
and is
when the
revoker wants to
set their
that date.
They can
without access
bounces at gnupg.org]
auto15963931 at hushmail.com:
which no
I have generated the key on my main PC, which, as far as I know, and I am no slouch when it comes to security (and, no problem, :) I do not think you suggested I am). My machine is well protected with firewall and antimalware.  It is always, separated from internet, no; as this email indicates. I do not make documents on one machine, save it to CD and move media to another machine for using on internet.  Frankly, if I had to do that, I would consider moving. :)  If my machine has been compromised in any way, I need to ascertain that much and fix it. Still, I find this possibility extremely unlikely in all honesty.
This key has been generated by a well know software, whose name I will withhold at this point until I appear to have eliminated the issue of user error. If I am to blame, I do not want to brandish someone else's name unfairly.  Nevertheless, I am perfectly willing to use a different software to try to reproduce another key, and I am perfectly willing and capable of using the CLI of gnupg if need be; in this way I can be sure that the program itself is not your limits
Granted that motivations are difficult to ascertain, but this is no small event. I have created a key in a manner that I believe is secure. If it can be revoked, what else can be done with it? I need to figure out what happened and prevent it. If I am to blame, I need to fix my mistake so that it does not happen again. This is borderline to identity theft.
signature that

@_date: 2012-03-06 18:59:48
@_author: auto15963931@hushmail.com 
@_subject: invalid gpg key revocation 
bounces at gnupg.org]
short period
I do in fact use gpg-agent and a cache >0, but this machine is not in a workplace or public location. It is in my home, in a place where visitors have no access, and my family would not have been able to do this.  My machine has considerable security. I am not saying it would be 100% impossible to get access, but I am saying that if there is a possibility, I am not aware of it and I need to be so that I can prevent it recurrence.  I do believe that there is another more plausible explanation.
For instance, what procedure occurs at the server itself that allows the revocation to occur?  Is it a fully automated event? Is there a way for a person without a key to issue a command to the server in any way to make this happen? (e.g. an
This is good information, but I personally would give it a stronger name than prank.
This does sound like a reasonable consideration, in my opinion. At least, I would like to have that option configurable.

@_date: 2012-03-25 06:33:37
@_author: auto15963931@hushmail.com 
@_subject: signature verification data 
When an encrypted file sent to me is both encrypted and signed, when I use a command like this:
gpg -o file-out -d file-in
I can see the signature verification data appear as standard output, in the terminal, while the file-out contents are separated from it.  Is there a way to have the signature verification data appended to the file-out text message itself or possibly some other way of preserving this verification data and keeping them together? I am referring to the command line interface, but I noticed that GPA also keeps them separated. Thanks.

@_date: 2012-03-27 06:33:15
@_author: auto15963931@hushmail.com 
@_subject: signature verification data 
Daniel, hello.  Okay, I can accept that.  But I have a couple of questions still. First, in response to your scenario for the deception.  It sounds like a prudent recommendation if the intention was to deceive someone else; however, if the goal was to have a record only for myself so that I could later review it to see whether I had gotten a message that was legitimately signed, then my combining them does not seem capable of misleading me since the message, if it had been falsified with bogus signature information, would also contain accurate information from the real process, showing me whether the signature was valid or not.  Would it not?  I mean, if there had been no signature in the first place, then the validation process I put the message through would indicate as much. Nevertheless, I do prefer your suggestion and I intend to adopt it in all cases, if possible.
Secondly, I am having a little difficulty getting the signature validation information that I need. I can get the information when I am decrypting in a single file mode, but not when decrypting in batch mode. I need this to work in batch mode. I am working with it in a Windows OS. Here is the command I used in decryption of a single file:
(dir /b file-in >> status.log) & echo:|gpg --verbose --
status-fd 1 file-in >> status.log 2>&1
Using that command my file is decrypted, and, along with the name of the file itself, the signature validation information and decryption information is put into the file named status.log.  Specifically, the information that comes from using "--status-fd" as an option does indeed present the signature information needed. The reason I use the first part of the command (i.e., dir /b file-
in >> status.log) is so that the name of the file is also put into the status.log file, since the information coming from "--status-
fd", so far as I can tell, includes everything I need except for the name of the file it is pertaining to.
However, since I need this to work in a batch decryption process, I pretty much need to use a command like this (as far as I know anyway) within a For loop:
(dir /b %%G>>statuses.log) & gpg --batch --passphrase  --
verbose --status-fd 1 %%G >> statuses.log 2>&1
This works fine except that the informationcoming from "--status-
fd" omits the part about the signature.  In other words, this option "--status-fd" produces different output in batch mode from what it does in single-file mode.  It would great if I could get the name of the file being processed without having to use the first half of this two-part command, but I cannot see the file name without it, neither in batch mode or in single-file mode.
What I need, ideally, is the information provided by "--status-fd" option as it appears in single-file mode but while doing the process in batch mode, as well as the name of the file itself so that I can know which file the information pertains to when I later go back to review it.  Any ideas about that would be appreciated.

@_date: 2012-03-27 06:46:42
@_author: auto15963931@hushmail.com 
@_subject: using this list 
I noticed that this list is also available on gmane as "gmane.comp.encryption.gpg.user", which allows retrieving the messages in a newsreader in lieu of in email.  I prefer the newsreader format.  Is there any reason I cannot remain subscribed with this same email address as the user ID but stop having the emails sent to me, while instead start getting the messages with a newsreader and use the newsreader for continuing my correspondence so long as it is done with the same user ID? Does that work? On the other hand, can anyone send a message to the list from gmane while using any arbitrary ID? Thanks.
