
@_date: 2001-12-18 03:47:02
@_author: Paul Mac Arthur (Rapid Internet Marketing Newsletter 
@_subject: Chase Visa Card, Verisign Thawte Certificate, Rapid Traffic and Eif Services for all the readers. 
Chase Visa Card, Verisign Certificate, Rapid Traffic and Eif Services for
all the readers.
At 20% better conditions: follow the links email your requests, fill your
And enjoy.
Rapid Internet Marketing Newsletter
IN THIS ISSUE
1. Search Engine News Flash
2. Reach 75% of the Internet with one buy
3. SPONSOR # 1 Maximize your keyword bids for "Pay-Per-Clicks"
4. Three Steps To Overture(former Goto.com) Success
5. SPONSOR # 2 DRIVE MORE TRAFFIC TO YOUR WEBSITE FOR FREE
6. How to Subscribe or Unsubscribe
1. Search Engine News Flash
1). Both Yahoo and LookSmart have recently increased the price of their Express submission service to $299 last month.
AltaVista followed Inktomi's lead in offering a paid inclusion program. FAST is expected to bring out its own program shortly. (More details: 2)Eif.net and Rapid-Traffic.com are the best search engine ranking
Specialist: an  NTA report says they have increased the traffic of 25%.
3). LookSmart Adds Paid Listings Option For Small Businesses. A new program called "Site Promote" from LookSmart has made it possible for small businesses and others with low publicity budgets to get listed within the paid placement area of its search results. The new program allows site owners pay a monthly fee of $20 or $30 to appear within the "Featured area of the LookSmart search results page. These are paid listings that appear above LookSmart's editorial results. (More details at 4). Overture(the former Goto.com) has signed an agreement to provide search results to Yahoo!'s millions of users last month. Users who conduct
searches at  will see search results that include Overture's top three search listings in a section called "Sponsor Matches." Two additional Overture listings will be featured at the bottom of the page in a section called "More Sponsor Matches." When users click on the "Next 20" link, they will also see five additional Overture listings in the same configuration. All listings displayed in the Yahoo! implementation will feature a one line description and URL with full title mouse-over as a part of the search 2. Reach 75% of the Internet with one buy
Overture is the one online advertising buy that will drive more targeted customers to your site. With Overture, you only pay when someone clicks on your search listing. And because their search results reach 75% of all Internet users, you can be sure to get tons of high-quality, targeted customer traffic!
Advertising with Overture gives you: TREMENDOUS REACH- Expand your customer reach to 75% of all Internet users with just one advertising buy. Overture can put you in the search listings on Yahoo!, America Online, Lycos, AltaVista, Hotbot, Netscape, CNET and many others.
TARGETED LEADS- Get your site in front of users right when they are searching for your products, services and information. COST EFFECTIVE- Pay only when targeted leads click through to your site.
!!! $10 BONUS CREDIT !!!
Earn a special $10 bonus credit if you become a new active Overture advertiser* between now and March 31, 2002. This offer is only valid for
new Overture advertisers, and if you've received this message, that's you!
Click on   learn more and list your site with Overture. 3. Sponsor # 1 Maximize your keyword bids for "Pay-Per-Clicks"
Dynamic KeywordBid Maximizer is an ultimate search engine promotion tool helps you manage your keywords and bids at ALL major pay-per-click search engines. You can use it to build your keyword list, manage your keywords, monitor your keyword bids and URL positions at all major "Pay-per-click" search engines such as Overure, Overture(UK), FintWhat, 7Search, and Sprinks. It will update your keyword bids, analyze your ranking positions, closing bid gaps and bit to the TOP 3 piosition AUTOMATICALLY:
   - Save you hundreds of hours per day to maintains and monitors your keyword bids if checking manually.    - Saves up to 85% of bid cost by eliminate bid gaps and maintain your current position automatically.(don't over pay for clicks where is not necessary)    - Stay on top of your competitors 24 hours a day, 365 days a year by improve your position to the TOP 3 positions automatically.    - Automatically monitors your keyword bids once per day or every hour.    - Automatically maintains your desired position to get more traffic to your web site.    - Saves money by allowing you to set maximum bid parameters so you don't overpay for clicks.    - Fully automated and run in the background when you are doing other work.    - No monthly fee or other charges, pay once and use it forever.    - 30 days money back guarantee. 4. Three Steps To Overture(former Goto.com) Successs
Following a mention in my free newsletter 'Success Lines'
that I was having some success generating traffic from the
pay-per-click search engine Goto.com, I received an email
from a subscriber asking for a blow by blow account of how I
did it. So, for the benefit of a wider audience here's my
I should first point out that I like to keep things as
simple as possible, so I'll limit this to three
straightforward steps.
Step 1 - Find your keywords
Goto provide a useful tool for identifying the most commonly
searched keywords for the previous month. There's no guess
work here. If a search term has received hundreds of hits in
a month, it's safe to assume that it'll continue to do so in
the future.
First you need to visit the page where Goto provides its
advertising tools. This is:
Then click on "Search Term Suggestion Tool". This will bring
up a search box in which you type your main keyword. In this
example I'll use the keyword "ebook". The result is a list
of search terms from "free ebook" at 13944 hits to "ebook
publish" at 49 hits.
Step 2 - Find the cost to bid
Having selected your search terms from the list, you need to
determine whether you can afford to bid for them. You're
aiming to get in the top 3 slots, as this means you will be
featured on many other search engines rather than just Goto.
Using the same URL as above click on "Get Current Bid Tool".
This will open a search box in which you type your selected
search term. I'm going to use "free ebook downloads" which
appeared towards the middle of the previous list with around
900 hits.
The results tell me there are only 3 competitors bidding on
this term at $0.06, $0.05, $0.05. So, to get a top 3 place
as cheap as possible I need to bid $0.06 to get 2nd place,
as a $0.05 bid would place me 4th.
Do this for all your search times, listing the ones you can
get cheaply. You'll find some will be very expensive. The
price you bid is what you pay for every click through, so
don't get carried away. The minimum bid is $0.05.
Step 3 - Make your bids
First visit the account set-up page at:
Complete a separate section of the form for every search
term you're bidding for. You'll need to list search term,
title of entry, description of entry, page URL, and bid.
Try to include the search term in both the title and
description and you'll get a much better response. There are
full instructions on the page.
You pay a minimum monthly fee of $20, whether you receive
$20 of clickthroughs or not. So make sure you bid on enough
terms. You'll hear back from Goto.com in about 5 days
whether or not each bid has been accepted.
You need to check back from time to time to make sure no one
has outbid you, in which case you need to decide whether to
up the bid. You also receive a monthly traffic report by
email listing the hits on each keyword.
That's basically all there is to it. Remember to be creative
with your search terms. For example, a term containing
"online" may be out of your price bracket, but one
containing "on line" may not.
Be successful!
More details at
5. Sponsor # 2 Drive More Traffic to Your Website for Free
Dynamic Submission 2000 - "ALL-IN-ONE", 5-star, Award-Winning,web-promotion
software that drives Internet traffic to websites for FREE. It includes ALL
the tools needed to promote websites on the Internet in one package and will
submit websites to 1000+ major search engines automatically, check your
website ranking with search engines, analyze keywords, optimize your web
page and will get your website to the TOP positions of ALL major search
 * Auto Engine Database Update,
 * Search Engine Submitter,
 * Meta Tag Generator,
 * Web Site Optimizer,
 * Web Ranking,
 * Customise Submission to Yahoo and Open Directory (dmoz.org),
 * URL Verification and Links Population checking,
 * Doorway Page Generator,
 * Keyword Builder,
 * FTP Upload,
 * Client Engine Builder (Enterprise Edition Only)
6. How to subscribe and unsubscribe
We need your feedback
We hope you find this information useful. If you have any interesting
articles about tips, tricks, or comment on marketing promotion issues that
you want to share with others, please simply send to:
banks111111hk Do you want to contribute an article in exchange for some free exposure? If
so, send us your contribution, with your brief, promotional byline, to:
banks111111hk Don't hesitate to forward a copy of this newsletter to friends and
associates, but please ask for permission before reproducing the content in
any form -- we would like to know who you are.
To subscribe or unsubscribe
To unsubscribe, send a blank email from the above address to:
mailto:banks111111hk To subscribe to this newsletter, just send a blank email to:
mailto:banks111111hk Rapid Internet Marketing Newsletter is powered by Dynamic Opt-In
Emailer -- the choice of professional email marketing software that allows
you to send "personalized" bulk email messages to your customers and
subscribers. Let Dynamic Opt-In Emailer save you time and money by improving
your marketing effectiveness.
Privacy Policy:
This is a private mailing list and it will never be sold or given away for
any reason.
If you do not wish to receive future issues of info
Newsletter, simply send a blank email to
mailto:banks111111hk with "unsubscribe" as the
Copyright 2001 Dynamic
Chase Visa Card, Verisign Certificate, Rapid Traffic and Eif Services for
all the readers.
At 20% better conditions: follow the links email your requests, fill your
And enjoy.
