
@_date: 2006-02-15 00:18:04
@_author: Jim Berland 
@_subject: Necessity of GPG when using SSL 
Hi everybody,
I understand the use of GPG end-to-end-encryption and use it with a  few of my contacts. What I want to make sure is the following.
I am going to move to China for some time. My email ISP is located  outside China and I connect to it via SSL. So if I am only concerned  about the Chinese (whatever the reason; maybe my doubts are  unreasonable?) and not about the complete end-to-end-encryption of  GPG, the SSL encryption alone will do the job. Is that correct?
Thank you

@_date: 2007-05-07 16:27:55
@_author: Jim Berland 
@_subject: Extra key best solution for very insecure locations? 
Hello everybody,
I'm trying to find the best solution for using GPG on a USB drive
while travelling.
I read the FAQ about subkeys which suggests to only use subkeys on
insecure computers. As far as I understand this, though, anybody who
got hold of my private subkeys would still be able to read all my
previous mails. The document was obviously written with workplace
computers and such in mind, rather than heavily infected Windows PCs
in internet cafes.
Is there a possibility to have an additional encryption subkey, that
is not used until explicitly asked for by the user? That way I could
ask people to encrypt to that subkey only while I'm on the road.
Since I assume that this is not possible, the best solution I can
think of is to have another mail alias for my domain with another key
for it. It would be easy to ask people to use that email address for a
while and with a helpful email program (e.g. Thunderbird + Enigmail)
the key selection/download would be easy, too.
I think this strategy is going to work well enough, but I still want
to ask around, if there are other opinions and experiences.
I am thinking about getting a smart card by the way, but I'm not sure
how I feel about having to carry a card reader around. Furthermore you
cannot count on having two USB ports on any computer.
Thank you for any comments

@_date: 2007-05-16 20:08:02
@_author: Jim Berland 
@_subject: GnuPG for a small company -- Questions before I start 
Hello everybody,
I am going to try to set up GPG for our small company (about 15
people) and would like to ask you guys for some help. Following I will
write down my thoughts on this, that I had so far. Comments would be
highly appreciated since I do not want to start this before I don't
feel confident and have a complete plan.
So I am thinking that each co-worker needs his/her own key (signing
and encryption subkeys) with the main key held back by the company.
That way they cannot sign other keys, a lost password wouldn't be a
problem and all emails would still be decryptable if necessary.
I understand concerns at this point, but I think it is reasonable, if
employees are taught about the situation. The keys are to be used
professionally only and I am going to offer my help if people become
interested in having GPG for private use. We have, by the way, the
means to store the main keys very safely.
To have an internal Web-of-Trust there should be a main key (for the
company itself) signing the employee's keys and collecting their
This far, I think, this is a good system for company-internal
encryption. Following are my questions that arise when I think about
using GPG with the outside world.
Other companies should be able to trust the signatures of our
employees. I was thinking that it should be all about the main key, so
that somebody can trust a new contact from our side immediately,
because that new key is also signed by the trusted main key.
But how to make the main key a trustworthy one? The way of spreading
the key personally when representatives visit other companies is
unrealistic. The best thing I could find is to join the CACert.org
A Web-of-Trust of companies, that do business with each other, is
surely not desirable since their relations are going to be public on a
key server. While it's easy to prevent unwanted signing on our side
(crippled keys), what is the best solution (to try) to ensure, that
the main key or any other of the company's keys are not signed by
somebody else? There is no technical solution for this, so I wonder
how others deal with this. All I can think of is a policy website.
Does somebody have information or experiences with any of these problems?
Thank you very much for your help
P.S.: I never came into contact with certificates like the ones from
Thawte or CACert.org before and I don't know anybody who uses them.
Considering the problems I see with GPG for this task, though, I
wonder if certificates would do the job better or easier. Is this even
the way other companies are going?

@_date: 2007-05-20 20:50:27
@_author: Jim Berland 
@_subject: GnuPG for a small company -- Questions before I start 
Hi Alex
The main goal is to prevent employees from eavesdropping on each
other, since we had cases of stolen information. But even without a
motivation like that, I think encrypted email should be set up where
There are other flaws in the computer system that would have to be
addressed (a secretary has root access to the server to let her start
the daily backup process after work), but I'm not in charge of that. I
only want to offer my help for a GPG solution, that would help a lot
in that enviroment.
I might ask some questions related to smartcards soon, that I believe
to be a good idea there, if I cannot figure everything out by myself.
I am going through the mailing list archives right now.
So the goal is to secure email communication between our employees and
I think I am able to set this up now. The setup you describe is very
similar to what I'm thinking of and thus confirms my ideas.
Since I'm going through the trouble of setting everything up and
teaching our employees, though, it would be great to also use GPG with
business partners. I don't think it's really going to happen, but
being ready for it would be a good idea. Especially since we could use
GPG to sign emails and maybe raise some interest.
In the case of communication with others, I want to use GPG to encrypt
and sign messages to proof the identity of the sender.
It would be nice if you could write something about how GPG was used
with outsiders in those cases. For example:
Do you sign the other company's employee's keys and exchange them or
do you only local sign them? In case the other company has an org key,
too, do you sign and exchange it or only lsign it?
Do you publish the org key to enable others to set a trust level, that
allows them to automatically trust the employee's keys signed by it?
I didn't tell you much new in this email, I'm afraid, but I really
don't know what else to mention. Sorry for that.
Thank you very much for your help!

@_date: 2007-05-28 17:46:54
@_author: Jim Berland 
@_subject: Several questions about SmartCards 
Hi everybody,
I tried to research most of my questions concerning the use of
smartcards, but I have a few things that I want to make sure.
_About smart cards:_
I understand that OpenPGP is a smart card specification that is not
very common among smart cards, so I should stick with the ones from
kernel concepts. It is similar with the card readers.
Is it correct, that this limitation changed with Gnupg2? I read that I
could use other cards now, but it wasn't clear enough (for me), which
ones those are. It's about PGP/MIME that is making it possible to use
other cards or something.
What would be the benefits of non-OpenPGP cards? Longer Keys? Different keys?
_About card readers:_
Did I understand it correctly, that card readers with a pin-pad don't
add extra security when used with GPG? I read that the benefit of the
pin-pad readers used with some applications is, that the pin never
reaches the computer and thus cannot be sniffed. Used with GPG this
doesn't apply though. Or is a pin-pad card reader used with GPG(2)
still a possible counter-measure to a keylogger attack?
Now assuming that pin-pad card readers don't add extra security, isn't
the number-only passphrase, that you would use with them, even riskier
than a simple card reader and a good passphrase?
Could I buy pin-pad readers, but ignore the pin-pad and use them like
simple card readers?
To make life not too hard for our people I would like to either have
long passphrase caching times with the gpg-agent (thinking of 4 hours)
or have them enter a shorter pin on the key-pad each time it's needed.
Which solution would you prefer?
I guess you are now going to ask me what the threat model is and I'm
afraid that I can't give a perfectly precise answer. Anyhow, the
computers are running MS Windows and are networked. I can definitely
see people opening email attachments to let a virus or whatever
strike. For that reason I liked the pin-pad readers, if they did what
they promise. The smart cards might be stored in a company safe or
actually taken home by everybody. I don't know yet. Storing the cards,
that are only to be used as an employee of the company, at the company
sounds reasonable to me and considering who has access to the safe a
short pin would (in my opinion) still be good enough. Please don't get
caught up trying to get this threat model perfectly right, but rather
concentrate on the other questions. I can figure this out by myself, I
_About other uses of the cards:_
To do something else with the smart cards other than using it for GPG
is not important, but might be very interesting. For example, would it
be possible to use it to authenticate for a Windows Remote Desktop
_At last, a possible technical problem:_
I read on the Microsoft website that it is possible to use smart cards
(readers) in a Remote Desktop session. Does this apply for the OpenPGP
card and an appropriate card reader? This is a requirement, because
all the work is done on a terminal server. The employee's computers
are complete computers and not thin-clients, although they don't do
more than a thin client would, I think.
Thank you very much for your help
