
@_date: 2002-08-08 01:09:01
@_author: Ben Escoto 
@_subject: How to split up gpg data into multiple volumes? 
Hi, can anyone here tell me how to split a large amount of gpg data
into multiple files so that individual volumes can be read separately?
Here are a couple of options for discussion's sake:
1.  Stream in and out of a gpg process.  Split the output up at the
    appropriate intervals and save it.  This is what I'm doing now.
    It works, but is it possible to read one volume without starting
    from the beginning?
2.  Keep streaming data into a gpg process until its output surpasses
    a certain volume size (say 50MB).  Then close that process, and
    make the next volume using a new gpg process.  This way each
    volume can be decrypted individually.
    But is there a security risk here?  The volumes will all be
    slightly different sizes, and it seems that other people can infer
    stuff about the data from the volume sizes.
3.  The ideal way:  I encrypt each file separately, and when I near
    the volume limit, I tell gpg to "round" the data out, so it
    produces a file of exactly the required length.  Can this be done?
So is there a "right" way to split gpg data up into volumes?  If it
matters, I trying to encrypt tar files.  Thanks for any insight.

@_date: 2002-08-08 02:24:01
@_author: Ben Escoto 
@_subject: How to split up gpg data into multiple volumes? 
...
  DC> This makes guessing information much more difficult ("is it a
  DC> small file with little redundancy or a large file with lots of
  DC> redundancy?").
  DC> I don't think you have much to worry.
  DC> However, if you wish to have the files the same size, perhaps
  DC> you could add some garbage data at the end of the original
  DC> files.
Thank you for the reply.  I realize there probably isn't much real
risk, but I am writing a backup program (see
 so I wanted to try to
cover all the bases in case it would be a problem for someone.
    About the writing garbage data at the end, that is a good idea.
I believe it is part of the tar standard to ignore any data past a
block of nulls.  So I could just add garbage (incompressible data) to
the end of the tar to fill it out, and assume that, say, 8kB of
garbage will extend the gpg file by 8kB.
    Things will still look a bit sloppy since all the volume sizes
will be slightly different, but I don't think anyone could complain
about information getting leaked out.  Thanks for the suggestion,
seems very reasonable.
    (Of course, coming up with uncompressible data might be a chore..
I suppose I could try recycling the gpg output..)
