
@_date: 2009-05-08 16:30:39
@_author: Coffman, Beth C 
@_subject: Decryption streaming 
What is a good way to write a C++ app to decrypt multiple large
PGP-encrypted files simultaneously into memory?  I cannot have the
plaintext output in a file on disk at any time.  Preferably, one block
of data from the file will be decrypted at a time.  Therefore, the
entire file or files will not need to reside in memory.
The information contained in this message is proprietary and/or confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please: (i) delete the message and all copies; (ii) do not disclose, distribute or use the message in any manner; and (iii) notify the sender immediately. In addition, please be aware that any message addressed to our domain is subject to archiving and review by persons other than the intended recipient. Thank you.

@_date: 2009-05-12 10:09:45
@_author: Coffman, Beth C 
@_subject: Decryption streaming 
Thanks.  Does documentation exist anywhere for the individual methods
within the libraries?  What about examples?  I'm not sure what methods
to use from GPGME to accomplish my task.  There is a lot of gnupg
documentation in general, but not on using the individual methods within
the libraries.
It looks like minip12.c  decrypt_block from gnupg-2.0.11 might do what I need, but I
don't see anything documenting what the "salt" and "pw" parameters are
supposed to be.
What I am looking to do is read and decrypt a small subset of data from
a file at a time, process it, delete it, and move on to decrypting the
next subset.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2009 9:20 AM
GPG (the program) can decrypt as a stream.  You can either write a
program that wraps around it, or use the GPGME library to do the work
for you.
The information contained in this message is proprietary and/or confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please: (i) delete the message and all copies; (ii) do not disclose, distribute or use the message in any manner; and (iii) notify the sender immediately. In addition, please be aware that any message addressed to our domain is subject to archiving and review by persons other than the intended recipient. Thank you.
