
@_date: 2002-11-21 01:39:02
@_author: Ben Mord 
@_subject: error generating key in windows binary dist of 1.2.1-1 
I just installed the windows binary distribution of 1.2.1-1. More
specifically, I unzipped the file with this md5sum:
d385797fd71e7fec960cd6fafbde4044 *gnupg-w32cli-1.2.1-1.zip
Anytime I try to generate a key pair, I get the following error:
The instruction at  referenced memory at . The
memory could not be "read".
If I step into the debugger, I then see the following error:
Unhandled exception in gpg.exe (ADVAPI32.DLL): 0xC0000005: Access Violation
It doesn't matter what key length I choose, and using all defaults (except
supplying something for name, email address, and comment of course) produces
this same behavior.
Does anybody else have this problem? I'm using Windows 2000 SP1. Any reason
to hope that building from source would fix it, or will there be another
release soon? And yes, I even tried rebooting ;)

@_date: 2003-01-29 19:41:24
@_author: Ben Mord 
@_subject: random seed file questions 
My apologies if this email was already sent to the list. I mailed this a couple days ago, and am resending because it never seemed
to go through.
It is my understanding that GnuPG stores a random seed file in its working directory. This file is changed each time you use GnuPG.
I have looked for more information about this file in the manual and faq, but have not found it. (There is some information in the
man page.)
If the confidentiality or integrity of the random seed file is compromised, should all subsequent messages created with it then be
assumed to be compromised? Or all subsequent messages generated within a certain time period?
Suppose you reuse an old version of this file, such that exactly the same random seed file state was used for multiple messages. For
example, suppose you restore your gnupg working directory from an old backup, and then use this to encrypt or sign more data files.
Or suppose you copy your gnupg directory to multiple computers, and then use multiple copies that all started in the same state.
Would this be insecure?
Suppose you have reason to believe that your random seed file has been compromised, or that you are using the same version of this
file multiple times (e.g. restored from backup, or copied and then used on multiple computers.) Is there a way to tell gnupg to
regenerate the seed file from scratch, perhaps using random input from the user?
How is entropy gathered in the windows port? If you elect not to use the random seed file, then is security weakened, or only
performance? On Pentium III architectures, is the built-in hardware random number generator used? See below:

@_date: 2003-07-03 17:43:02
@_author: Ben Mord 
@_subject: random seed file question (take two) 
There is a random seed file used by GPG I believe to accumulate entropy over multiple sessions, speeding secure random number
generation. This file is stored in the gnupg directory, and I understand that its contents must remain confidential or else
subsequent messages (at least the first several) might be more vulnerable to cryptanalysis.
My question is about the (mis)administration of this file.
What are the security implications of restoring the gnupg directory (including the seed file) from backup? This implies reverting
the state of the seed file and then likely encrypting new data under its old state, so it is possible multiple messages will have
been encrypted using the same seed file state.
What are the security implications of copying this seed file to multiple computers? If someone wants to use gnupg with the same
keyring on multiple computers it seems likely they will simply copy the entire gnupg directory. But this again implies that they may
send multiple messages (one from each computer) under the same seed file state.
Is there a way (or will there be a way) to regenerate this seed file from scratch after restoring from backup or copying to another
computer? Perhaps I am proposing a new feature, unless simply deleting the file already induces gnupg to take the time to create a
securely random seed file.
Perhaps this seems anal, but I remember that an early implementation of SSL was defeated due to inadequate pseudo-random number
generation (PRNG). Even if the PRNG in gnupg is very good, I worry about whether certain user actions might accidentally undermine
the PRNG - or perhaps this has already been considered?

@_date: 2006-04-10 10:44:01
@_author: Benjamin Mord 
@_subject: Automated processes 
(Don't encrypt the passphrase - if you do, then you still need a
passphrase to decrypt the passphrase, etc... etc...)
Asymmetric cryptography can be extremely handy for automated
encryption/decryption scenarios. For example, I sometimes have a
somewhat vulnerable general-purpose machine encrypt data using only a
public key, and write it somewhere shared. Then I'll have a tightly
secured single-purpose machine later read and decrypt that data for some
purpose. This is analogous to a one-way mail drop, where you trust the
mailman more than the general public. I use this technique in scenarios
where although both machines are somewhat trusted, one is machine is
more trusted than the other. This way the machine that does the
encryption has no knowledge of how to decrypt, so that if compromised,
only the data that it processes from point of compromise going forward
is in any kind of danger. (At this point you've reduced the security
problem to one of monitoring or periodic cleaning, e.g. periodic reboots
while running off read-only media.) The second machine is entrusted with
knowledge of how to decrypt, but in exchange it is tightly secured and
specialized for a single task.
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:gnupg-users-bounces On Behalf Of John M Church
Sent: Friday, April 07, 2006 10:16 AM
I think it's simplistic to just brush-off this request as a user who wants convenience.  There are very valid reasons for automated decryption.  I'm working a similar project (and have my own issue - see "Automated Decryption via Script Running Setuid" written 4/5/06).  Seems
to me if you protect your script and you are behind a firewall you're not 'trading security for convenience'.  You can even encrypt the passphrase in your script if you're afraid someone with sudo or root priveldges could open your script.
Gnupg-users mailing list
