
@_date: 2005-11-28 03:25:41
@_author: Bob Proulx 
@_subject: no-ask-cert-level, default-cert-level, and keysigning 
I recently signed a key using gpg-1.4.1 and see that (at least on my
Debian Sarge system) no-ask-cert-level apears to be the default
default-cert-level is "0 (no particular claim)".
In the old days I remember it would always ask this question upon
signing and so assume the default must have been ask-cert-level.  Now
it does not ask and unless you add that option ahead of time it will
create a signature without any claim.  I have been out of touch and
thought I would ask about the current status of these levels in a
signed key.  I would appreciate the education.
If a key has been signed with a default-cert-level of 0 is it possible
to go back and edit the key signature and increase the level on a key?
I could not find a way to do this.  The best I could find was to
delete the key plus signature and sign it again using a different
level.  Of course that worked.
Is this cert level no longer considered useful?  Should I not include
a cert level with keys I sign now?  Or should we always add that
option when signing a key?  What is the standard proceedure?

@_date: 2005-11-28 03:26:34
@_author: Bob Proulx 
@_subject: How to unsubscribe? 
That should definitely get you off of the list.  Most likely the
address you are trying to unsubscribe does not appear to be
subscribed.  Such as it being forwarded from some other account.  In
those cases that mail is being forwarded but you can't send from the
forwarded address you will need to enter the address to which you are
subscribed in the web form and confirm it from the mail.
In general if you are having trouble with a mailing list and can't get
the list robot to work for you then normally the best source of help
is the list owner.  Send to the listname-owner address.  In this case
it would be gnupg-users-owner  The -owner address will go
to a real person who would be able to help you with the list
Bob "the -owner person for many gnu.org lists"

@_date: 2005-11-28 16:45:20
@_author: Bob Proulx 
@_subject: no-ask-cert-level, default-cert-level, and keysigning 
Ah...  That makes sense.  But I did not realize that before.
Okay.  I was thinking that somehow in the trust model the different
levels were used differently.  Such as something like three signatures
of trust level 2 or one signature of trust level 3 were needed to
trust a key, or some such.  My memory is vague.  Thanks for the update.
