
@_date: 2018-03-21 08:10:39
@_author: BRIONES Bobby 
@_subject: GnuPG installation 
I have the following questions about the abovementioned package,  can someone help me please:
What access do I need to be able to install the software?
Do I just download the software and install? What about access to our existing folders used in our SFTG/transfer of files?
Bobby Briones
Technical Test Analyst
IT | Corporate
T (0288492011)
M (0431459917)
Every journey matters
Roads and Maritime Services
Level 4 27-29 Argyle St Parramatta NSW 2150
Before printing, please consider the environment
IMPORTANT NOTICE: This email and any attachment to it are intended only to be read or used by the named addressee. It is confidential and may contain legally privileged information. No confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistaken transmission to you. Roads and Maritime Services is not responsible for any unauthorised alterations to this email or attachment to it. Views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender, and are not necessarily the views of Roads and Maritime Services. If you receive this email in error, please immediately delete it from your system and notify the sender. You must not disclose, copy or use any part of this email if you are not the intended recipient.

@_date: 2018-03-22 07:27:02
@_author: BRIONES Bobby 
@_subject: GnuPG installation 
Thanks for responding.
We are using linux.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, 21 March 2018 10:25 PM
You may want to mention what OS you are using.
Before printing, please consider the environment
IMPORTANT NOTICE: This email and any attachment to it are intended only to be read or used by the named addressee. It is confidential and may contain legally privileged information. No confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistaken transmission to you. Roads and Maritime Services is not responsible for any unauthorised alterations to this email or attachment to it. Views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender, and are not necessarily the views of Roads and Maritime Services. If you receive this email in error, please immediately delete it from your system and notify the sender. You must not disclose, copy or use any part of this email if you are not the intended recipient.
