
@_date: 2011-07-19 01:45:43
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: Can version 1.4.11 be configured to use IDEA? 
Looks like the answer to my question iz: Not legally. I was thinking
that IDEA was more than ten years old, which I thot meant that the
patent on it was expired. Silly me, though, looks like patent law
changed for about seven more years of length. So, while I'm waiting for
six months or whatever, I might az well change the password (and
encryption algo) on my private key with gpg 1.2.2., and then migrate to
Hopefully, I can use the same key with PDF. Kuz, if not, then I *do*
know how to convert PDF keys (S/MIME) to PGP format, and I want only one
key for everything. I revoked a subkey before I realized that people
need it to encrypt messages to me.

@_date: 2011-07-19 02:55:11
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: Can version 1.4.11 be configured to use IDEA? 
To make a long story short.
I created a key with jenuine pgp 10.
I exported it with IDEA.
I made gpg 1.2.2 work with IDEA.
Making gpg 1.4.11 work with IDEA failed.
I changed my pass-phrase using --crypt-algo CAST5 with 1.2.2.
Now, enigmail works, so I am one happy camper.

@_date: 2011-07-19 19:57:01
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: secring and dropbox 
Your brain. You hav to remember it, so you are better off constructing
it in the first place. Remember that you will hav no automated retrieval
process, where a friendly program reminds you of your passphrase. It iz
almost a shame that the most retrievable things are sentences with
non-sensical images in them, like Harry Lorayne's pimple-moose for
pomplemouse, the french word for grapefruit: He would hav you imajin a
moose with giant grapefruit pimples to remember that french word. You
can then insert punctuation and numbers that don't go on facebook,
anywhere, cut some of words down to initials or consonants (or out, if
it's long enough). Then, add a pattern in your casing. There could be a
program like "crack" applied to input passwords, measuring strength. Of
course, if you are confident that your private key ring will never go
anywhere, and that you can revoke it if it does (JENERATE A REVOKATION
CERTIFICATE. Store it on that USB key that is chained into your coat.)
It would of course be a nuisance to hav someone publish your revokation
certificate, and nothing like losing money at Mark Twain Bank. If your
friends are good enough, then you can leave a revokation certificate
with them.

@_date: 2011-07-20 15:44:03
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: Can version 1.4.11 be configured to use IDEA? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
gpg --sign message.txt
notepad message.txt.asc
Clear message answer.
Cut and paste message.txt.asc into answer of message.
It is a compressed, ascii-armoured, and signed message.
It handles long lines without pgp/mime (which currently
doesn't work for me), and it survives whitespace corruption
such as what you might get from cutting and pasting a
message from an archive. "gpg -sa message.txt" does the
same thing. Notice the omitted Teh that would make it a

@_date: 2011-07-20 16:21:29
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: secring and dropbox 
Never let simple embarass you.
For me, it is key.
For someone else, it might be poetry.
For someone simpler than you, it might be obfuscation. :)
I took that for a joke. Someone should put a ;-) in the doc.
Discarded Acronyms: Wake On Packet: WOP.

@_date: 2011-07-20 19:30:16
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: Where are those stubs.. 
Time, trouble, or tickets; you'll get what's paid for.
(It's not finished. Vocals in it are straight a-cappella.)

@_date: 2011-07-28 05:00:58
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: How secure are smartcards? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
In my entry on a related thread, I was thinking that one of the simpler
ways to foil attacks on bank cards would be to make a smart card play
dumb and accept any old pin (symmetric encryption key for a private
key). That would (almost) force attackers to communicate with a bank on
every trial, except there *might* be a way for attackers to get the
public key for a pair off a card. Since attackers can't read the private
key (at least not without frying or bridging key bits), they can't tell
that it iz no longer based upon probable primes. The bank would come up
with "no such ID", or "BAD signature", and they might be watching for a
lot of noise like that. Now, I am thinking that for a card to reveal its
public key more than once might actually be a weakness, however
A bank card does only hav to communicate with one other entity, so I am
not sure that this can't be done with symmetric keys throughout.
The other way iz to introduce increasing delays for bad PINs.
I like my first impulse better, though, forcing attackers to actually
use a badly decrypted private key to communicate with a bank.
That boy so horny, even the Crack of Dawn ain't safe!

@_date: 2011-07-28 05:53:41
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: Including public key 
It depends on the environment of your receiver.
Would they be subject to seeing your signature replaced?
Do any policies concern the use of cryptography at their workplace or
domicile, say in jail or in a country where Blackberry crypto is an
issue (India, if I remember correctly)?
Do they live in a country that accepted U.S. export restrictions on
cryptography (probably Russia)?
Is your recipient a public figure (about whom there might be motivation
to pull a Murdoch) or an ex convict (about whom there might still be
search warrants)?
In any of the rejions where cryptography is controlled, it is a better
idea (than simply sending a public key with no signatures on it other
than yours) to be creative with the hash on your public key; perhaps
telephone verification, perhaps you can personally meet someone on the
web of trust.
While the Physics of public key cryptography are air tight,
it depends on signatures on your public key to become robust
in the real world. I suspect that you are more likely to get
those if you release your key on servers, and sign a lot of stuff
that people consider important. Attaching a photo to your public
key might help. So might putting a phone number on your public key.

@_date: 2011-07-28 09:22:52
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: Including public key 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Do not sign my photo until you see me in person, although it would be
tricky to fake photo-id production on skype. Photo-id doesn't make very
good single frames, but change the angle on television and those chrome
things flicker and move...
That is what a signed mp3 in my comment is about, and just in case you
do not follow links in message source [comments] very often...
(I will never call it a thumbprint or a fingerprint; key hash)
Kleopatra won't handle that file...says no data, and gpg will handle it
on a command line, making an mp3 out of it.
Additionally, you can do a reverse lookup on my phone number and at
least see if I am lying about my given and family names, according to a
corporation that my library used to verify my identity.
My bottom line is that photos and phone numbers do not hurt.
Quantum Mechanics do it on fields and in time.

@_date: 2011-07-28 12:15:16
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: Including public key 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
The only reason I am not using HTML5, yet, iz because it requires
knowing CSS to set link, vlink, and alink colours. What you are talking
about only requires HTML 3.2 (which haz been a standard for ten years,
and even now there is a portion of internet traffic from I.E.6.), which
supports colour in body tags, while HTML5 does not; yet another
"standard" that is not backward compatible.
Not recognizing a public key from "stamper" is being not backward
A signed photo means a *bit more* than photos on facebook. A signed
phone number means a *bit more* than a link to your phone company. That
is especially true when three identifiers are linked to the same key,
separately, so that you don't need to know all four (voice, name, face,
and e-mail address), and so that you can let other people confirm only
what they've experienced, az in perhaps they should not feel qualified
to sign my given and family names, yet they're confident of my e-mail
In my case, that iz likely, because I yuuz only screen names on USENET.
The bit more is potential for privacy, and insulation against "identity
theft". Someone could simply copy your web site and change a few things
to steal your identity, at least until you found out and complained to
their ISP.
That's why "void" appears in my public key. Neither PGP 10, nor gpg
were going to allow me to leave my given and family names blank;
separate, and yet _linked_ elements of identification.
Like I said, it is more authentic and therefore more useful when pieces
of your identity are linked in dijital signatures. It would be a bit
tricky to do that with HTML. You could do it with PDF, because there iz
a standard for signatures (and probably compound signatures) on PDF.
There isn't one for HTML, AFAIK, that doesn't require s/mime or some
complicated and little-used piece of HTTPS or HTTPD.
Line for Darth Vader in Star Wars to sanitize:
"(Exhale, Inhale) Luke, you are my bastard!"

@_date: 2011-07-28 14:26:04
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: Including public key 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
paypal and your bank are unlikely subscribers to this potential
standard. You will notice that neither one allows your browzer to store
a password for them. They also time out; expire logins. That's how
concerned they are with authenticity; not even someone else from your
home. I do not really see how an open login system can *increase*
security. However much you use the math, if you are effectively logged
into all of the servers you ever used at once, then the openness of
your computer (say if it is on, and you head out for soda without
logging out) is an authenticity threat. You do not want to explain
someone else's actions to admins on wikipedia: You will be lucky if
they believe you.
I found JESUS! He was in my trunk when I got back from Tijuana.

@_date: 2011-07-28 23:03:17
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: How secure are smartcards? 
You could use random symmetric encryption keys and encrypt them with a
short passphrase: Decryption would be two steps. Or, you could disable
the command for exporting a private key; import only. Iz GPG in ROM on
this card, then?
Xerox and Wurlitzer will merj to market reproductive organs.

@_date: 2011-07-29 20:22:12
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: Including public key 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I was just looking at the pgp global directory signing key (the machine
that signed my key). About twenty revokation certificates are on it,
including prz at mit.edu
I do not hav a webcam, and I do not know why
you want me to create feedback.
Not if she wants any coherence in the tune; not that there is a lot,
mind you: It was straight a-cappella. All you can ever do is make a man
in the middle attack harder. Live conversation makes it harder.
The picture of a thumb in PGP bugs me.
PGP also features a list of words, instead of hexadecimal.
It calls *that* a biometric print; not unless you voice it somewhere,
and it won't work with GPG, which would need the same dictionary.
A link is from my phone number on my web site:
 to my snail address if you want. In 1990, if
I wanted to do a reverse lookup, I could go to the library. There they
had about nine square metres dedicated to phone books in North America
(I think that's where they drew the line, anyway). My library also had a
reverse directory for Edmonton. By 1996, they were doing the same thing
with a computer and disks; much less space, many more search options.
Today, I do not hav to go anywhere, my white pages are useless for
looking up businesses, and reverse lookup (for this country) iz at:
 (under other search options)
They required my social security number.
Nobody is perfect. I am nobody. Therefore, I am perfect.
Why would anyone go to such lengths to impersonate me electronically?
"Enerjize", said Kirk, then a pink drummer bunny appeared.

@_date: 2012-08-08 03:24:10
@_author: Jay Litwyn 
@_subject: Malformed Revokation Certificate? 
As long as the signature names what it signs, I do not see why a
revokation certificate should not work on its own. It does when I
import a revokation certificate to my own key.
I had trouble finding a binary of anything more recent, and I had
trouble configuring the 2.x version that I installed with enigmail
to use pgp2 and support IDEA. In fact, I've forgotten where the
configuration file for 2.x is, and it still is not configured with
IDEA support. A lot more keys are on my keyring for v2.0.17.
I have trouble enough getting any correspondent to use cryptography
when they should be using it. OH...I was going to revoke _this_ key,
and because gpg 2.0.17 skips v.3 signatures, I still will.
