
@_date: 2013-10-10 13:45:07
@_author: Brian J. Murrell 
@_subject: my gpg key does not conform to rfc4880? 
I was told by a developer of a piece of software that my key does not
conform to rfc4800.  He said:
  According to   signatures of version 3 don't have subpackets, which are only
  available in version 4.
  Looks like your key from 1998 is not compliant to RFC4880.
Do I have any recourse other than to generate a new key?

@_date: 2013-10-10 15:12:35
@_author: Brian J. Murrell 
@_subject: my gpg key does not conform to rfc4880? 
Ahh.  Interesting.  I will point that out to him.
Yeah.  I have considered both of those things also.  I guess the only
thing that was holding me back was that the existing key has an
investment in signatures on it though.  What I am unclear about is how
the authenticity and trustibility of my new key will be regarded in
relation to the existing key with all of the signatures on it.

@_date: 2013-10-16 08:04:39
@_author: Brian J. Murrell 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
If you worked in a corporate environment, would you trust the HR
department there to have verified the identity of employees well enough
to leverage that into signing a GPG key?
Let's say such an environment had an messaging system where employees
had to authenticate with their corporate IT credentials in order to use
the system.  Would that, and the assertion by HR/IT that a message that
I get from Bob really did come from the employee HR verified as Bob
(i.e. when they hired him) be enough for you trust the key you get from
Bob enough to sign it that it really is really Bob's?
I guess what I am describing is a virtual key signing party where the
verification of IDs is being done by the corporation instead of the

@_date: 2013-10-16 16:19:19
@_author: Brian J. Murrell 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
So yeah.  The parameters were a big vague, in retrospect.  So to set some...
The corporation itself does not use GPG and thus is not signing any GPG
keys for their employees.  I'd be surprised if many corporations were
using GPG in preference to SSL (i.e. S/MIME).  To be honest, I'd imagine
"certificates" and "SSL PKI", etc., all bundled up into shrink-wrapped
software that runs on Windows servers, bought from companies that can be
sued, etc. just seems so much more "corporate"-friendly than GPG.
So that said, the corporate infrastructure (i.e. being satisfied enough
that Bob is Bob to hire him and put him on payroll and deduct and remit
income taxes to the government and provide benefits and insurance to,
etc.) would be nothing more than a proxy for meeting an individual and
seeing their "government issued" ID in order to be happy enough that Bob
is Bob for you to sign his key saying as much -- assuming you have a
secure channel to verify that the key you are signing is Bob's.
So to answer previous questions/suggestions, there is no corporate GPG
key to sign Bob's key for other GPG users (employees or otherwise) to
put trust into.
The corporation would not have a copy of the private key since the
corporation is completely uninvolved other than (unknowingly) being the
identity-checker and providing the means to authoritatively communicate
with Bob (i.e. when I "message" bob at corporate.domain I know it's Bob
that I am talking to -- somebody in IT doing a MITM attack aside -- but
maybe that's enough of a risk to make this infeasible).  You would have
the same trust that only Bob has Bob's secret key as you would any other
GPG user whose key you signed.  Any given GPG user's competency in using
GPG (i.e. keeping secret keys secret, trusting other, etc.) is up to
you, as it always is.
The misunderstanding that the corporation is somehow involved with keys
and signing I think was the biggest misunderstanding.  They are not.
They provide nothing more than asserting that Bob is Bob and providing a
means of ensuring that I am communicating with Bob when I think I am
communicating with Bob -- again, IT launching a MITM attack aside).

@_date: 2013-10-17 06:37:35
@_author: Brian J. Murrell 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
Why would it be?  There is no reason, with this verification scheme that
anyone's private keys (or public keys for that matter) go anywhere near
the company's computer.

@_date: 2013-10-17 15:42:37
@_author: Brian J. Murrell 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
Look at my update to this thread yesterday.  I already said in that
message that the HR department is NOT signing keys and that the
corporation in fact is not even involved with GPG in any way whatsoever.
No.  This has nothing to do with corporate key use.  This is merely a
way for individuals, as individuals to enhance the certification of
their keys by having a "virtual keysigning party" within their company.
 This is no different than going to your LUG and having a keysigning
party there.  The LUG itself does not participate in any way (i.e.
signing keys, etc.) other than to provide a venue for the people to meet.
In my proposed scenario, the corporation is doing nothing more than
providing a means for the participants to know that Bob is actually Bob
because the company has checked his id and said he is and providing an
authenticated means (again, IT being a black-hat aside) to communicate
with Bob and verify fingerprints, etc.

@_date: 2013-10-18 16:26:43
@_author: Brian J. Murrell 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
That's correct.
Indeed!  I completely agree with your prior opposition to people signing
keys just because somebody they trust signed one and how trust
relationships work to avoid the need to do that.
I'm still not convinced, but that is why I brought it up for discussion.
 :-)
Right.  They key signing party relies on a means of communication that
can be considered authenticated.  It could be e-mail (closed corporate
e-mail system, not an "across the Internet e-mail) or it could be
"credentials required" (again, closed, corproate) instant messaging for
So that is, account compromise aside, you know that when Bob sends you
an e-mail or an instant message, it did come from Bob because only Bob
knows the credentials to be able to send messages in the messaging
system from his account.
Indeed, corporate messaging account compromise, or IT black-hats are a
risk here.  I guess it would be up to the individuals to assess the risk
of such a thing just like one has to asses the risk that the ID that one
is verifying at a traditional key-signing party is fraudulent or not.
It is odd.  But I understand it.
Interesting perspectives, indeed.

@_date: 2013-10-25 12:54:19
@_author: Brian J. Murrell 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
Indeed.  You have it exactly.  Sorry I was not more clear about these
details in the beginning.
Indeed.  Those are all things you'd have to take into account, just like
having to take into account the risk of IT being involved in a black-hat
role in all of this.
I have to admit that any/all of those possibilities make me wary of such
a scheme.  I think I'd have to be able to "test" Bob on the other end of
the OOB comms channel to use such a scheme.  That seems to imply some
level of familiarity with Bob, which might not be unreasonable
considering we might work together.
