
@_date: 2003-03-04 16:11:01
@_author: Brent R. Waters 
@_subject: New crypto idea implemented in gpg 
I am a graduate student at Princeton University working under Ed Felten. I
recently worked on a new type of cryptography scheme that I call an
Incomparable Public Key scheme and implemented the idea in gpg.
The basic idea is that some private decryption keys there can be several
equivalent, but incomparable public keys. This means that data encrypted
with any one of the equivalent public keys can be decrypted by the one
private key, but holders of public keys will not be able to tell if they
are equivalent (thus the incomparable part).
This is helpful in the following example. Suppose you are
anonymously receiving encrypted messages by instructing different senders
to an anonymous newsgroup such as "alt.anonymous.messages". If you were to
give two different senders the same public key to encrypt messages with
this could potentially result in a loss of privacy. For instance, suppose
I had one sender send information about Princeton U. and instructed
another to give me information on cryptography. If they got together they
could possibly deduce my true identity from their combined knowledge.
Worse, if there was a third sender whom I asked to send me information
about 'Joe Millionaire' with the same key and he got together with the
other two I would be embarased that people know about my Reality TV
An obvious solution to this problem is to create a new key for every
sender to use. However, for n senders this would require n attempted
decryptions of any message on the newsgroup. If an Incomparable Public Key
scheme were used I could give each sender a different, but equivalent
public key and I could maintain my anonymity while only having to attempt
one decryption per newsgroup message.
Anyway, I implemented this idea into gpg to allow people to try this out
in the real world. The code and a paper describing the idea in more detail
is available at  . I would
like to hear questions or comments from anyone who gets the chance to try
this out.
I should emphasize that this is not part of the standard GuPG line in any
way. I basically took the code a few months ago and put my own idea into
Brent Waters
P.S. I am really not a Reality TV fan.

@_date: 2003-03-07 19:05:02
@_author: Brent R. Waters 
@_subject: Gnupg-users digest, Vol 1 #1117 - 3 msgs 
I put up a page with a couple of keys at
You can also generate you own with the code. If you can find any leakage
of the key's source I would be interested to hear about it.
If all of the Incomparable Public Keys that were equivalent were signed
with one private key this could be a problem. For this reason the scheme
implemented only has an encryption part and no signatures. This goes a
little against the grain of gpg, which normally expects keys to be signed.
Let me know if you come up with anything.

@_date: 2003-03-11 21:07:02
@_author: Brent R. Waters 
@_subject: New crypto idea implemented in gpg 
I took Werner's suggestion and moved the Incomparable Public Key algorithm
to  instead of  There has also been a suggestion that I should
make my code be able to produce Incomparable Public Keys in such a way
that they can be used in standard GPG (presumably they could become
something like ElGamal encrypt-only keys). While this is an intriguing idea
I think for now I will shy away from it. In addition to possible coding
nuances I am concerned about interfering with the OpenPGP standards in
some way (I already managed to do that with my initial choice of the
algorithm number).
If people are interested in trying out this idea they can use
the code that I put up. (My code should be able to handle the other
OpenPGP stuff also, although since it is a test version it is probably
best to separate the two.) Werner has informed me that if the idea works
well there is a decent chance it might become incorporated into the
standard at some time in the future. So it looks like there is a chance
that it could become part of OpenGPG in a clean way.

@_date: 2003-03-17 22:26:02
@_author: Brent R. Waters 
@_subject: New crypto idea Implemented in gpg 
Sorry for the late response Dave. There is an issue with making use of
signatures. In my scheme two senders have different public keys, but the
incomparable property is such that they cannot tell if they are equivalent.
(i.e. if there is just one secret key that can be used to decrypt messages
from either public key). If that secret key (or another common secret key)
were used to sign messages then the two senders could try to verify the
same message with each of their keys. If only one key could verify a
message then the keys are not equivalent, if they both could then they are
equivalent. Using the secret key for signing would thus remove the entire
benefit of using Incomparable Public Keys.
As far as the self signature goes there are a few options that I can think
of. One is to leave it the way it is. Another would be for the secret key
holder to have a unique signing key for each distributed key, but use the
same decryption key. This might allow for quick decryption, but also
have some benefits of signed keys. This could be more of a pain in key
management though.
Anyway I am open to hearing more comments.
