
@_date: 2007-01-19 13:10:25
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: signatures using S-Trust smart card 
Have there been any advancements in using these cards? (I'm currently
consider to buy one.)
What was that for an agreement?
Do you mean that these are not "real" certificates according to SigG?
Best wishes,

@_date: 2008-06-21 22:35:03
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: gpg unusable from within an initrd 
I've just seen:
No idea which problems gpg has... :-/

@_date: 2009-02-10 14:50:27
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: gnupg on celeron and atom cpus 
Does anyone of you have an idea whether it could make problems to use
gnupg on Celeron or Atom CPUs?
I mean could this have an effect on the PRNG, e.g. that the entropy is
worse? Or something similar?

@_date: 2010-08-08 00:07:34
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: policy url is not set on selfsigs 
I've just realised that policy URLs (--set-policy-urls) seem to be not
set on self-sigs (e.g. when resigning the key via changing the prefs or
If that's not a bug,... why have you chosen not to put it on self-sigs?
AFAIU RFC4880 it's just the policy under which a signature was made.
So one could under the url used for the selfsigs find, the policy of the
key itself (e.g.).
btw: Can anybody tell me what --sig-keyserver-url is? Is that simply for
setting the perferred keyserver sig subpacket (23)?
Why does it say something about data signs? I thought that should go
onto self-sigs?

@_date: 2013-10-26 23:44:38
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: 2048 or 4096 for new keys? aka defaults vs. Debian 
Well with that "argument" you can always defeat any crypto... a "real
attacker" will not care whether you use 786 bit RSA keys or 16k bit
keys... he comes for you and tortures you until you happily give him
anything he wants...

@_date: 2015-02-27 19:16:17
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption 
I really cannot understand why ct/heise and some others run these
Anti-OpenPGP campaigns recently, while at the same time hypocritically
claiming they'd be in favour of cryptography for people.
- Per se, users will need to have at least some basic understanding of
cryptography - otherwise anyone could trick them into doing anything.
I'm talking about things like "don't blindly sign others keys", or that
one cannot securely communicated with a peer unless one has more or less
directly exchanged some credentials (e.g. fingerprints) with that.
- Apart from that, OpenPGP isn't that complicated, there are many
front-ends which allow the end user to use gnupg in an easy manner.
- If one wants real security, one will never get around that mutual
authentication / credential-exchange ... and THIS is the actual thing
that makes OpenPGP (in contrast to X.509 and friends) "complicated".
And this is also why I'd call ct/heise anti-cryptographers:
For some months now they demand "cryptography made easy" and to kick
everything else into the can.
They basically demand stuff like "TextSecure" which they advertise as
the best secure messenger out there - while it actually doesn't even
demand users to mutually verify any credentials at all. And even if they
do one hasn't even a way to mark a contact as validated or not (bug open
for ages now).
This is basically what they want: Anonymous cryptography, whose complete
security is based on some good luck whether you've communicated with the
right peer the first time.
But instead of just advertising that crap, they seem to also have went
on some stupid anti-OpenPGP campaign... o.O

@_date: 2015-02-27 21:24:11
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption 
Well not necessarily - at least not in the sense of exactly one power
having control over the whole key network (as it would be the case in
IMHO the current situation with keyservers isn't perfect:
- Usually (AFAIK), only one of them is used for queries/submissions...
  if that one is evil, that you have a problem (at least until the next
  submission/query).
- Nothing is authenticated (well there is hkps, but the problem here is,
  that one single person holds the control over the effectively only
  used CA... and while I don't think that Kristian is evil ;-) ... it's
  a conceptual problem).
  => thus an attacker can easily do downgrade/blocking attacks... like
  filtering out any revocation certs.
- Nothing is encrypted (so everyone eavesdropping will know that I just
  downloaded the key for nsa-whistleblowers at wikileaks.org... and five
  minutes later I'd be beaten to death).
Ideally, every keyserver would sign his responses (with OpenPGP of
course ;) )... and GnuPG/etc. would ship the keys of (at least some of)
these servers.
This is of course some effort to collect/verify and even then Werner&Co
wouldn't know whether can for example trust me as a keyserver operator
or whether I'm secretly paid by the BND.
But(!) when each request (queries / submissions) would be made to a
handful of randomly chosen keyservers (say 20?), there are good chances
that at least some of them are not evil and any forgery would be at
least noted.
Ideally, gnupg.org would then also run a keyserver, which is always
included in the list.
Why? Well most people don't audit the code of GnuPG, so when they trust
them already with respect to that, they can also trust them with respect
to a keyserver.
And people should be able to specify additional always-in-the-list
keyservers,.. like I would specify my own or ubuntu employees would
specify the one from canonical - if it's running ;) ).
As for the privacy component: The above schema obviously makes
encryption for privacy useless... (an other issues, like keyservers
doing caching, could also make it defeatable).
So I think the way to go here would be Tor.

@_date: 2015-02-27 21:25:40
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption 
Find trust paths, signature updates, self signature updates, key
revocation certs (but beware of the issues I've described in my mail a
few seconds before)...

@_date: 2015-02-27 22:28:12
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption 
To be honest, I don't think that anyone using Windows, Android, MacOS or
any other [semi-]proprietary system actually wants to be secure -
neither do I think that we should waste our resource on securing them
which is per se not possible.

@_date: 2015-02-27 22:30:41
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: trust paths (was: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp 
I meant in the sense that I want to trust e.g. Werner's key but haven't
met him in person yet,... but I might have an indirect trustpath to him
via some other persons (which I do trust).
Obviously I'll need any intermediate keys (and enough of them that I
personally decide it's trustworthy).

@_date: 2015-02-28 00:20:12
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption 
I rather meant Android here, which may have an open source core, but in
fact most people use a binary only installation from a not trustworthy

@_date: 2015-02-28 07:11:01
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption 
Well, that might be... but with respect to this question, there is only
one correct opinion - at least as long as we have no crypto system that
can do without mutual authentication and still provide mutually
authenticated identities ;-)
And whether or not there are journalists at heise who don't agree, their
current voice seem to be that of an ignorant... and people will read
these articles and the seed of the though that crypto "must be easier"
will be laid :-(

@_date: 2015-02-28 18:21:04
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption 
"In practise"... I guess that's also what most "normal" people believed
about their security before Snowden.
And a phone number is really no secure credential at all to prove one's
identity. o.O
Not sure what you refer to,... but if it's authentication schemes like
ZRTP (which TextSecure wouldn't use)... I'm quite sceptical about these.
The idea behind them (authentication via voice and some random string
which the peers say to each other and compare) may sound nice at a first
glance,... but little is known how good (or not) powerful organisations
can real-time fake voices. And even if not, how difficult can it be for
an organisation like the NSA to spy on you for a while and record enough
of your voice and then do a MitM?
You seem to have missed all the years long discussion about how easy it
is to hack mobile systems? Even for novice criminals, etc.?
And this even assumes that everything in between (network operator,
phone manufacturer, OS manufacturer) is actually not evil, which is
unlikely as well.

@_date: 2015-02-28 18:56:13
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: trust paths 
I'm not sure but I fear you have some deep misunderstanding of
cryptography... or at least that's how I understand your message (but
maybe I confuse something).
"Well-known", "often seen enough" or "not having heard any noise about
it" are absolutely no ways to prove the validity of a key's named
If there was only one "Werner Koch" on the keyservers, and that key was
signed by thousands of other famous names (Linus Torvalds, and that
like) you still couldn't be sure of anything.
An attacker that MitMs you could just set up a fake web-of-trust in very
little time and when you ask your favourite keyserver, block any of the
"real answers" and instead deliver you his faked key space with all the
mutual signatures and so on.
And you'd think "Only one Werner Koch, with an  email, even
signed by all these other people - that can't be coincidence, some of
the must have checked his ID, and if it was an impostor, I'd surely have
read on heise.de about it" - while in fact no one else than you ever saw
these faked keys.
If the attacker is powerful enough (and this is still way below of what
intelligence agencies can do - rather the level of what your network
provider can do), they can also intercept anything you'd send back to
the web with these forged keys, so they'd truly be never discovered.
btw: These kinds of things are just what one can heise accuse of: they
give people an all to easy sight of crypto security, so that they'll
believe things are secure by using one's phone number, or by using
pinning techniques like HPKP.

@_date: 2015-02-28 19:07:59
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption 
Admittedly, when it comes to "unnoticed mass surveillance" anonymous
cryptography (like TextSecure does for most users, since they aren't
pushed to validate - and even if, one cannot mark who was validated and
who not)... *might* help somewhat against unnoticed mass surveillance,
that is when something like DH is used.
But this assumption is largely based on two things:
- That's resource-wise too costly for them to MitM everyone
  => and given what we've learned from Snowden (and what "paranoid"
     people already assumed/knew before)... I really doubt that this
     would be any bigger problem for them.
     Apparently they sit at all the bigger internet exchanges,
     transatlantic cables, etc. and all the big US players (FB, Google,
     and Tier-1 content providers are anyway forced to cooperate with
     them)
- That people actually eventually check their keys, so that they'd find
  out whether their anonymous DH was attacked by some MitM.
  This might be done by some "more advanced" people who even know about
  what a fingerprint is, and when their client actually exports it to
  them (which may not be the case when you do something like whotsapp?
  or any other system used by the masses, which just promises you to be
  "secure".

@_date: 2015-02-28 19:17:56
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption 
I guess you've missed some developments in research here (see Daniel's
post) - and this is just the publicly known research.
They don't need to know any content. And they don't need to fake her all
the time.
When "they" MitM you, they just need to wait for the time when you'd
actually to mutual authentication via saying some "code" or whatever the
ZRTP implementation gives you.
Only then they need to mute the real "her" and let the faked "her" say
the code for their (evil) DH connection with you - and vice versa.
I'm not sure what the most recent ZRTP implementations do... but is it
more than numbers, letters or simple words?
Nothing one couldn't fake or perhaps pre-record somewhere in the real
Of course they might still not be able to imposture her completely - in
the sense that "she" tells you to send all your savings via PayPal to
calestyo at scientia.net (which would be surely a good idea ;-) ) - But
it's enough for them to eavesdrop.
btw: I don't think that GnuPG's only intent is to fight against mass
I mean mass surveillance *is* of course a problem - but at least none
that will usually have any directly measurable negative effect on the
victim (again I'm not talking about the negative effect on his liberties
The NSA has definitely read most of my mails (as they go to public lists
^^) but since I'm no criminal, neither someone like Snowden, Greenwald
or Assange - they simply don't care about me.
But such people or Iranian dissidents and that like ... probably want
some system which not only protects them against mass surveillance but
also gives them at least the best possible safety against dedicated
surveillance of single targets.

@_date: 2015-03-03 16:48:31
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption 
no it's pretty useless from a security POV and they don't need it.
Unfortunately it seems that you miss(understand) some of the basic
paradigms of security here:
Actually the opposite is the case - removing keys from the keyservers
(even if they're allegedly spam) would be a big security compromise of
the whole system, as potentially important information (revocation
certs, valid keys, etc.) would be removed as well.
And who should in the end decide which key respectively which identity
is valid?
For there may be many Richard Stallmans, and if even such famous person
uses an address like stallman at gmail.com, he could later give it up and
someone else takes it (or vice-versa).
If such keys would then considered spam,... then good night.
While that's unfortunate... it's part of the game and as long as you
aren't a keyserver operator/developer this shouldn't make you any
concerns - unless of course you use the keyservers to authenticate (i.e.
only one Richard Stallman -> that must be him) ... but then you're
doomed anyway and no one will, should or could help you.
Actually the contrary as laid out above.
For that reasons the keyserver used to generally refuse removal of keys
for years, and exceptions where only made on selective servers and then
only to obey some stupid laws which actually degrade security here.

@_date: 2017-02-24 00:39:17
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: SHA1 collision found 
What I always kinda wonder is, why crypto or security experts, at least
in some sense never seem to learn.
When MD5 got it's first scratches, some people started to demanded for
it's ASAP retirement (which didn't happen... partially also with
arguments that it's not yet broken for these and that purposes in
practise)... in the end people waited so long until it was in a way
already too late.
Remember the forged MD5 based X509 cert? And this was made by some
"good guys" god know how many actual attacks may have been driven by
much stronger organisations where people actually were harmed in the
SHA1 may have been phased out (more or less) in the X.509 world, but
it's still pretty present in many other places.
It's known to having issues for some years and for the same number of
years many experts still defended it as not being broken for these and
that use cases...
And now were again in the situation that it's still used in production
(probably for years to come), and we have at least a collision.
That may not be the one big fire alert where everything burns down...
but it should be really a ringing bell...
Now every time when new algos come up or e.g. when ideas for the next
OpenPGP version is started,.. a big bunch of experts seem to go for the
most conservative way possible. And I'm not talking about the good
conservatism (i.e. using algos based on long standing and well
understood math)... but rather things like let's better not use SHA512
or SHA3 when we could also just use SHA256... let's better not specify
large curves when we can go by a much smaller one.
And every time the same argument is brought up, that these would be
still way enough to take hundreds of years to be cracked... but so far
(as with SHA1) it was always broken much earlier.
The last time when I followed discussion about the next OpenPGP it
seemed people rather wanted to hard-wire only a few algos for
everything, which would be just the same problem as with SHA1,...
instead all algos should be pretty easily exchangeable.
So when the same happens for the next OpenPGP version just with SHA256
I'll bet that we face the same problems with SHA256 far earlier than
everyone wishes.
Not to talk about the more and more realistic threat posed by quantum
IMO we should rather go for the stronger algos, or even combine algos
when this makes sense because their underlying math is different that
breaking one would still not directly affect the other.
And we should rather make any crypto algo as easily exchangeable as

@_date: 2018-06-07 14:50:43
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: better passphrase hashing with gnupg? 
I have the following scenario:
I'd like to archive private data to e.g. some cloud storage for backup
Basically I'd see two ways to move on from here:
1) Put the data in on or more disk images which are encrypted with dm-
crypt/LUKS (e.g. using aes-xts-plain64)
2) Put the data in one or more tar or dar archive files, which I think
is a bit more flexible.
With (2) I'd guess gnupg would be the tool of choice (or is there
anything else well-maintained?) and using e.g. AES256 should provide
adequate security.
In both cases, I'd want to put the actual key alongside the archive
(i.e. also backing it up the the remote storage, as I'd be screwed it I
loose the key when I just store it locally).
For both (LUKS/OpenPGP), the actual symmetric key is anyway alongside
the image/archive encrypted by some passphrase (respectively the
pubkey, in case of asymmetric encryption with gpg).
Now here's the question/problem:
- LUKS/cryptsetup, at least in it's more recent version already support
Argon2 and even for the older version there was a noticeable effect
when increasing the hashing iterations (like taking several minutes for
cryptsetup to actually "open" the device).
For gpg there is --s2k-* especially --s2k-count, but even when setting
this to the max value of 65011712... passphrase hashing seems super
I'd be totally happy if a single passphrase try (for an attacker) takes
like 10 minutes (just to be on the safe side)... but that doesn't seem
possible with OpenPGP/gpg right now?
What would you guys suggest in my scenario?
Is there a way to chain Argon2 with current gpg versions (not having to
wait until this gets integrated in a new RFC in some future)?

@_date: 2018-05-18 19:51:03
@_author: Christoph Anton Mitterer 
@_subject: Kommentar: Efail ist ein Megafail =?ISO-8859-1?Q?f=FCr?= 
I think heise is generally becoming more and more part of the rainbow
press in gerneral.. but their repeated fake news about crypto and weird
claims "crypto must become easy" (in the sense of: people shouldn't
need to mutually authenticate) starts to get really dangerous for the
unaware people believing their shit.
