
@_date: 2016-04-06 07:38:04
@_author: CANNON NATHANIEL CIOTA 
@_subject: Using gpg for ssh access 
Hash: SHA512
     Can someone inform the correct procedure for using gpg to access
     ssh?

@_date: 2016-08-08 22:09:51
@_author: Cannon 
@_subject: GPG smartcard shrinks in size 
Using the OpenPGP Smartcard V2.1 used to store 4096 key. Then was used
to store 3072 length key for short time. Problem is that I am unable to
use it for 4096 keys anymore. How to reset card so I can use it again
for 4096 key?
Thank you

@_date: 2016-08-08 22:29:02
@_author: Cannon 
@_subject: Signing statement with master key? 
This is a hypothetical scenario.
Lets say if I have a keypair.
The master key is set to SC (signing and certification) which are the
default settings. The master key pair is only used on airgap with safe
data transfer between airgap and network connected computer.
Is it safe and possible to use the master key (not subkeys) to sign a

@_date: 2016-02-21 05:13:36
@_author: CANNON NATHANIEL CIOTA 
@_subject: Compact smartcard reader with pin entry? 
I have a securely generated and stored PGP key on a smartcard. I wish to use my smartcard for email signing & decryption. Problem is that I am unable to do this since my current CAC reader does not have a built in pin entry. No point in smartcards if a keylogger can just simply harvest the pin then make use of the smartcard for signing/decryption whenever it is plugged in. This is a very real possibility. In fact there is a case where malware has done this in the past on DoD systems.
All the smartcard readers I have seen are unnecessarily massively bulky the size of a brick or untrusted hardware. What are recommendations for a compact CAC reader with built in pin entry from a trusted brand that works with GnuPG smartcards?

@_date: 2016-07-01 16:45:42
@_author: Cannon 
@_subject: Accidentally used SHA1 
I accidentally messed up. Used the wrong gpg.conf when generating a
signature on a message. The incorrect config was used causing my message
to be signed using SHA1 instead of SHA512. I did not realize this until
after message was already irreversibly published.
Does using SHA1 in past make my key less secure or does this only make
the signed message more prone to collision instead of key leak?

@_date: 2016-03-02 05:23:53
@_author: CANNON NATHANIEL CIOTA 
@_subject: Question about getting started with PGP and smart cards 
I am very experienced with PGP and smartcards.
For GPG & PGP use I recommend the Gnupg OpenPGP smartcards available at  which supports 4096 keys these are the best smartcards there are for GPG use. For getting started with GPG and smartcards, my recommendation would be to:
1- Use an airgap system with linux, i.e. raspberry pi or spare laptop to generate the keypair offline. Can use a live distro as another option. Just be sure you generate the keys and upload to smartcard offline. If generate GPG keys on a system that saves information i.e. something that is not a live system, make sure you use whole disc encryption.
When using GPG use secure GPG configuration: 2- When using GPG use gpg --gen-key --expert so we have more options. Generate 4096 RSA with certification flag, then create 3 seperate subkeys for each purpose (encrypt, signing, authentication). It is better for crypto security to not use one key for more than one purpose. After we have our primary key with the subkeys, we will want to generate a revocation certifacte.
Here is a good guide: 3- We will want to then upload only the 3 subkeys to the smartcard. Then change the default admin pin and user pin on smartcard. Never enter admin pin on a non-airgapped system.
4- After generating key and uploading to smartcard, create backup of your full keypair and revocation certificate onto a CD or DVD or USB drive encrypted, then store in a safe place. If use encrypted media for backup of keys and revoc cert NEVER forget your passcode.
Smartcards are best way to use PGP since your key is always protected, though however if use smartcard is used there is a chance that a keylogger could capture your pin code. If you are worried about an adversary using a keylogger to log your pin then stealing your physical card then you would want to use a smartcard reader that has built in pin

@_date: 2016-03-17 01:32:21
@_author: CANNON NATHANIEL CIOTA 
@_subject: Using gpg for ssh access 
Hash: SHA512
Trying to figure out how to use GPG for accessing servers via ssh. I have a key with an authentication sub-key, and used gpgkey2ssh to convert that subkey to an ssh key then saved the output in .ssh/authorized_keys file. Still unable to connect. I suspect I am missing a step or doing something wrong. I am unable to find any up to date or working guide on how to accomplish this. Can someone inform the correct procedure for using gpg to access ssh? (Please do not mention 'monkeysphere', that is not an option).
