
@_date: 2003-06-11 11:25:54
@_author: Charles Logan 
@_subject: gpg/pine/crypto plugins 
Does anyone know if a specific mime type needs to be added to allow messages with full encryption (encrypted with cryptplug plugins) to be viewed in a reader such as Pine?   Using the 'old' way with inline gpg encryption, all works fine with Pine (with the proper display filters) with Pine recognizing the message as gpg encrypted, prompt for a passphrase, and display the decrypted message if all is correct.  When the 'new' crypto plugin in is used, Pine seems unable to recognize the file types, showing 2 parts, a "version code Application/PGP-ENCRYPTED"  and an  "encrypted data  Neither can be directly acted on with Pine, but can be saved, and then decrypted and viewed using gpg directly on the saved files.  There seems to be some confusion in replies I've received to this question from mail client lists.  If my understanding is correct, the 'old' method only encrypts the message body, when using the plugins, the entire message content is encrypted and attached, as well as a separate signature that is sent as an attachment itself.  It seems to me that using the plugin method, all that is failing is Pine being able to determine the type of attachment the message contains.
Those knowlegable with Pine and filters have hinted it's a problem with the way the filter builds the message, while those more fluent in the plugins say that the messages adhere to rfc standards and the mail clients and filters will have to adapt.  Meanwhile I remain confused and somewhere in the middle.
For now, knowing which recipients are using Pine and having trouble, we can use the inline encryption for messages to them, and use the plugin for others using a client that handles the message alright.  If any of this has made sense, and if anyone can shed any light, it will be appreciated.

@_date: 2003-06-16 17:40:02
@_author: Charles Logan 
@_subject: gpg/pine/crypto plugins 
Thanks!  I'll check them out.  Why pgp4pine works for some users and not others on the same machine is still a mystery.  I've verified the rc and conf files for the various components, gpg, pine, pgp4pine are identical between working and non-working users, only differences are the user specific names and servers, everything else is a carbon copy, yet pine refuses to use the filter for certain users and works fine for others.  I didn't think to check .profile, .bashrc, etc to see if there is something in there that has a bearing on reality.  I'll run these other wrappers up the flag pole and see if anyone salutes!   Thanks again!
