
@_date: 2004-04-20 01:45:10
@_author: Dave Symonds 
@_subject: Remote signing 
Hi All,
I have a slightly unusual setup that I would like to use GnuPG in, and wanted
to ask for some guidance. At my Uni we have a Sun machine that runs all the
mail stuff, and where I mostly prefer to do all my mail reading/composing from.
However, I don't want to entrust my GPG private key(s) to that system, and
would prefer to keep them on my laptop (or a USB key). What my ideal setup
would be is for my mailer (mutt) running on the mail server to call out to
a little script that would connect securely (via ssh) to my laptop, on which
would pop up a window showing the message and prompting for the passphrase to
sign that message (encryption isn't so important at the moment). The signed
message would be sent back, and then emailed out.
This seems reasonably secure to me, and shouldn't be too difficult for me to
code up. Does this sound like a reasonable approach? Has it been done before?
Am I completely daft?

@_date: 2004-04-20 14:07:21
@_author: Dave Symonds 
@_subject: Remote signing 
I think you have it slightly backwards...
The Sun does all the normal mail handling, but there is no console that I
use to access it directly (only via ssh).  The ssh connection from my laptop
to the Sun is the only true TCP connection (made easier with a ssh keypair,
private key on laptop). Other things can be tunnelled through the ssh
If the Sun machine is compromised, then I can see nothing compromised. They
can, of course, send mail as "me", but it won't be GPG signed. The GPG private
key is stored on my laptop (with a passphrase), but is never sent over the ssh
tunnel. When signing needs to occur the MUA will call out to some program or
script that will use the ssh tunnel to send the email message back to the
laptop, on which it will be displayed for checking. GPG signing takes place
on the laptop, and the signed message is returned to the MUA.

@_date: 2004-04-20 14:37:01
@_author: Dave Symonds 
@_subject: Remote signing 
All private keys are kept on the laptop, as is the GPG operations. The
passphrases are entered directly onto the laptop. Emails are entered into
the Sun via the ssh tunnel, but the actual privacy is not really an issue,
only the integrity.
The ssh connection that is opened from the laptop to the Sun is opened on
the laptop, and the "returning" connection for the signing is tunneled
through this existing connection.

@_date: 2004-04-27 02:31:20
@_author: Dave Symonds 
@_subject: Remote signing 
Yep, that all looks correct.
That is a good point. I thought about that, but the three factors that stop me
doing that are:
I'm going to look into (1), but surely this kind of setup has been faced by
people before. Anyone seen something like this done?
