
@_date: 2003-10-31 17:38:29
@_author: Dave Della Costa 
@_subject: help needed desperately: gpg --decrypt hanging 
Hi folks,
I'm working on a RedHat 7.3 system.  We were having some problems
importing keys into an Outlook PGP plugin yesterday, and RedHat 7.3 has
1.0.6, so I upgraded to 1.0.7 per the FAQ's instruction for getting PGP
to play nicely with GPG (this didn't work by the way...PGP still
couldn't handle the secret key for some reason, but let's not get into
my frustration with THAT).  Anyways, that's the backstory; not my main
Basically, at this point, I am no longer able to decrypt messages!!! This is screwing up our system, and has been a really, really
frustrating thing for me--I've tried to downgrade and upgrade back and
forth between 1.0.6 and 1.0.7 several times, I've deleted the .gnupg
directory and replaced it with an old back .gnupg directory, I've
completely wiped the .gnupg directory and re-imported every public and
private key we were using by hand, nothing.  I type 'gpg --decrypt,' it
asks me for the password for the secret key, and then sits there,
waiting for eternity.  What can I do to fix this?  This needed to be
working yesterday, and our system can not import orders into our
database (we are using the perl Crypt::GPG package in our import script,
FYI).  I've searched through the last year or so of the archives but I
can not find anything relevant, my apologies if this is a common issue
and I missed it.  I kind of hope that is the case.  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
Thank you,
Dave D.

@_date: 2003-10-31 19:47:02
@_author: Dave Della Costa 
@_subject: help needed desperately: gpg --decrypt hanging 
Sorry Steve, I don't think I explained the problem well enough.  If I
run, on the command line:
gpg --decrypt
Then I pass it the encrypted text to decrypt, and then I give it the
password, it just hangs!  It sits and sits and sits...and we get
Thanks for your help!

@_date: 2003-10-31 20:58:12
@_author: Dave Della Costa 
@_subject: help needed desperately: gpg --decrypt hanging 
Yes David, that does work--here's the body of an email I send to someone
else, didn't realize I wasn't sending to the list, sorry:
I understand.   So, I give it input--a piece of encrypted text, and it
gives me this output:
You need a passphrase to unlock the secret key for
user: "xxxx xxxxxx "
2048-bit ELG-E key, ID XXXXXXXX, created 2002-02-18 (main key ID
Enter passphrase:
I then enter the passphrase, and I see this, and nothing else, until I
hit ctrl-c:
gpg: encrypted with 2048-bit ELG-E key, ID E66D9B0B, created 2002-02-18
      "Jason Feingold "
So, I guess this is improper usage then?  Why does it let me get this
far, i.e. asks for a passphrase and whatnot?
The other thing that is strange to me is that the Crypt::GPG package
that I'm using with perl worked fine before I started messing with this
stuff yesterday, now it does not.  I assume this is because it is
somehow using the same method to hand information to gpg for decryption,
but I'm not positive.  Obviously that is not a question for this list. But I'd like to verify that the usage I'm trying above is incorrect and
then I'll try to figure that out.
You're right, these two methods *do* work.
So, worse case scenario I use some shell scripting making these sorts of
calls rather than the Crypt::GPG package with I'm guessing tries in the
same way to decrypt as I am above.
I was able to run gpg --edit-key on the key I've been trying to use to
decrypt with, I changed the owner trust and then ctrl-c'ed out of
there.  So I guess that is working fine.
Absolutely; I understand.
Thanks Newton.

@_date: 2003-10-31 21:01:25
@_author: Dave Della Costa 
@_subject: help needed desperately: gpg --decrypt hanging 
Hi Steve,
Yes, the Halloween bug is hitting us all here in NYC too. :)
Well, the first problem is that I'm not able to use gpg from the command
line, in at least one fashion (see my message to David Shaw on the
list).  The next issue is that Crypt::GPG (perl module) now appears to
be broken, because, I'm assuming, it is using the same method to decrypt
text through gpg.  Of course this is not the realm of this list, but I'm
hoping that if I get gpg working or at least understand why it doesn't
work the way I think it should, then I'll figure out the Crypt::GPG
issue...we'll see.  Just to avoid restating the issue--check out the
email I sent in reply to David Shaw's--that better explains what's going
Thanks for your help,

@_date: 2003-10-31 21:44:53
@_author: Dave Della Costa 
@_subject: help needed desperately: gpg --decrypt hanging 
Steve, thank you so much--now I understand why I am getting the response
I am getting with gpg.  I will try to figure out what is up with Crypt
now...again, many thanks.
