
@_date: 2008-02-11 16:30:17
@_author: Dave (My-IOP 
@_subject: need example of passing clear text to gpg from another app without 
I want to pass clear text from a text editor to gpg for encryption (on a
Linux system). Currently it is being done by writing the clear text to a
temp file and having gpg read that temp file and then write it back out as
an encrypted file. Obviously, it would be much better to avoid ever writing
the clear text to disk.
How can I pass the clear text to gpg via a pipe and avoid using the temp
file on disk?
I am a noob (to both Linux and gpg), so a very clear example is greatly

@_date: 2008-02-11 20:00:48
@_author: Dave (My-IOP 
@_subject: need example of passing clear text to gpg from another app 
Hi Luke,
Thanks for the feedback. I'm using Cream, which is based on Vim. It is
similar, but the script commands are written with a different style --
everything is a function, for example. (I'm no expert on it by any means --
just a noob.)
The problem I face is that Cream apparently has to pass the clear text to be
encrypted as a command argument when only a portion of the text is being
encrypted.  For example, if I have the following text:
Line one.
Line two.
Last line.
Say I want to encrypt line two in place in the document. The result should
look like this:
Line one.
Last line.
I do not know how to get Cream/Vim to pass the register contents that hold
the selected text to gpg via a pipe (without a temp file being used). I now
know how to do this sequence of eventgs on the command line, but not in
Using temp files, the code looks something like this:
" cut selection into register
    normal "xx
" encrypt
    call writefile([ tmpfile)
 " command
        silent execute 'silent! !gpg -ae --default-recipient-self -o "' .
tmpfile . '.gpg" "' . tmpfile . '"'
The main issue is how to avoid using a temp file and that's where I'm stuck.
I have some help from someone who knows Cream well, but he doesn't know gpg
well. (And unfortunately, I don't know either of them well!)
P.S. Should I reply to all when replying to this list?

@_date: 2008-02-12 13:32:26
@_author: Dave (My-IOP 
@_subject: Safe decryption with GnuPG? 
2008/2/12 Anders Breindahl :
Hi skrewz -- is it possible to make the vim plugin work similar to the gedit
gpg plugin? What I want to do it encrypt a portion of a text file -- not the
whole file. In gedit, I can select the text to be encrypted and choose a
menu option to encrypt it. The original text is replaced by gpg ascii
armored encrypted text in place. The decrypt option reverses the process.
If gedit can do it, I would think vim can do it too. Unfortunately, as a
noob, I don't know much about (really nothing) vim scripting. Is there an
existing solution for this?
