
@_date: 2005-10-06 21:52:38
@_author: Derek Price 
@_subject: RFC - CVS Signed Commit & Replay Attacks 
Hi all,
I mentioned on this list a few days ago that I am implementing
gpg-signed-commits for CVS.  This is somewhat of a new area for me, and
I was hoping to trust GPG to solve most of the security issues, but it
turns out this doesn't cover the possibility of replay attacks.  We've
been discussing this for a few days on bug-cvs but it feels
somewhat like we are stumbling around in the dark and I was hoping for
some comments from people more familiar with this sort of thing.  The
current end of the thread is here:
. Probably not more than two messages back in that thread are particularly
relevant, unless you want to laugh at our ignorance.
For background, the gpg-signed-commits design is Wikied here:
.  If
you would care to comment on any other shortcomings in this design, that
would be welcome too.

@_date: 2005-09-21 19:56:03
@_author: Derek Price 
@_subject: Extracting a single signature from a file containing multiple 
Say `gpg --detach-sign' were used to create several detached signatures
and they were concatenated into the same file.  Is there a simple way to
separate those signatures again?  Is there documentation of the gpg
signature file format online?
(I am looking into allowing CVS revisions to be signed in the CVS
repository, potentially by multiple users, and I want to know if I can
store multiple signatures in a single binary string (I know that gpg
--verify can handle this) or if I need to keep them separate, to allow
for admins to later delete single, possibly expired, signatures from the
signature blob by keyid.  Once I get the signatures separated again, I
can exec gpg to extract the keyid, but if I cannot separate them, this
won't work to find and delete a single signature from the blob.)

@_date: 2005-09-22 03:29:07
@_author: Derek Price 
@_subject: Extracting a single signature from a file containing multiple 
Thank you very much.  That will be useful.  Is there some way I can
extract signature information from individual signatures without running
gpg --verify?  i.e. key ID, date, anything else that is available when
the signed data may not be?
