
@_date: 2008-03-17 16:42:49
@_author: Karl Voit 
@_subject: How to establish a company web-of-trust 
I want to establish secure email communication in our company
(Windows, Outlook, gpg4win). I do not want to maintain a keyserver
by myself.
My attempt: every employee generates his own keypair and exports the
public key to a keyserver. I as the admin downloads his key from the
server, compares the ID with the employee and signs the key with the
"central company key".
Any communication partner can check, wether the key of the employee
was signed by our official "company key" which is downloadable from
our web site.
So far so good - I think.
But: what if an employee quits the company? Can I revoke the
signature? WinPT (as a key management frontend) does not seem to
provide this feature.
Thank you for your ideas!

@_date: 2008-03-17 17:23:39
@_author: Karl Voit 
@_subject: How to establish a company web-of-trust 
I just found out that WinPT does not provide all options that gpg
(command line version) provides :-(
So my current attempt is: the employee has to add the company key as
a revoker and then export it to the keyserver. So the company key is
able to revoke any employees key.
This seems to be a clean attempt for me now.
Any suggestions?

@_date: 2008-03-17 21:11:30
@_author: Karl Voit 
@_subject: How to establish a company web-of-trust 
The official public key from our company is on our company website.
Thanks for the hint I forgot to mention.
So either with revoking the signature or (or better "and") revoking
the key with the "add revoker"-method, the concept is OK. Right?
I don't want to get into any troubles in future because I forgot
some issue I did not thought of ... :-)

@_date: 2008-03-17 23:13:26
@_author: Karl Voit 
@_subject: How to establish a company web-of-trust 
Great :-) Thread is getting even more interesting *g*
But we have a quite flat thrust network with one central company key
and the employees keys that gets signed with the company key.
Our communication partners have to check the signature of our
employees keys and its up to our partners that they check from time
to time wether there was a change in the relationship between our
employees and out company key - I guess this is the most difficult
But we do not want to use S/MIME for several reasons and our
communication partners already are using OpenPGP-messages. So this
decision is already done by facts not by arguing. Although I share
your point of view.
Absolutely. I (as the person responsible for company security) have
to check every key that I am signing with the company key. I have to
explain the important issues of key management to my employees
(non-it people for most of the part). I do this by giving exact
instructions with screenshots of every step - WinPT is helping here
because it is mouse-oriented :-)
So I have to check the proper security in the system - which is this
thread-part here - and I have to make sure, that every party
understands the system which I do with exact instructions for my
employees and for instructions for our partners.
I know that there might be some pitfalls concerning employees that
sign everything or make other mistakes that can have an influence on
our web-of-trust. But the alternative is worse: plain text - oh
sorry ... HTML-Emails without encrypting or signing at all. And this
has to be considered as the default method in companies these days
Well I will see how this turns out. Most of my employees dont want
to learn anything at all that is not 100% part of their work. And
cryptography is surely not 100% part of their work. Social problem.
So this also would imply usage of S/MIME.
100-250 emplyees will be the target. But not all of them need GPG.
Sure. But I guess that scripts is not user-friendly enough for my
employees :-(
Well, good night for tonight ... says the unlucky dog ;-)

@_date: 2008-03-18 08:50:55
@_author: Karl Voit 
@_subject: How to establish a company web-of-trust 
I was afraid of this sentence :-)
I can not assume on this. I am in the automotive business and most
of the employees here was studying Mechanical Engineering. So
IT-knowldedge is not their primary goal and most of them do not want
to learn IT although I try my best to enlight something ... :-)
I thought of that too.
I have to admit, that I do not want to generate the keys by myself
because I am lazy and we do have four bureau buildings that make
physical meetings more difficult and sending keys over the Exchange
server is not quite ... good :-)
So I tried to generate a system where I can get the keys from the
keyservers and check them (correct key-id, added revoker, ...)
before signing.
Sorry, this is my first thread on this list :-)
But usually flaming stops after some years working in the
real-world-IT-business. I am even working on Windows the whole day
(in the company)! =:-|      (made an attempt for a flamewar? *ggg*)
Wow, I did not knew that! I'll have a look at these options but I
guess I stick to the revoker-method (also because every day there
are more employees that need to use GnuPG right now and I do have a
stress in making all these decisions).
Make my life *possible*! :-)
gpg4win: collection of Windows-tools like gnupg, WinPT (key-mgt),
GpGee (Windows-Explorer extension), ...
So I am using WinPT and the corresponding Outlook-plugin.
I try to do this by giving very detailed instructions with a lot of
screenshots on our local intranet webserver.
