
@_date: 2005-03-17 16:20:33
@_author: Grimes, Dean 
@_subject: Porting gnupg 
I have successfully compiled and installed gnupg-1.4.1 on SCO OpenServer and
everything works great. However, I have approximately 500 remote servers I
need to install it on. I tried tarring up all of the installed binaries and
associated directories and installing it on one of the remote servers but it
won't run. These systems are identical in configuration except for the GNU
development system not being installed on the remote system.
I have successfully propagated other applications such as PHP, MySQL, Apache
and others via this very same method. Is there something specific I need or
should know in order to propagate GnuPG? The system just immediately kills
the application whenever an attempt is made to execute it. It acts like a
missing library. If I install the GNU development system and compile on the
remote system everything runs fine. Any ideas?

@_date: 2005-03-17 19:28:20
@_author: Grimes, Dean 
@_subject: Porting gnupg 
My problem is that libz on some of the remote systems is not current. I'm
compiling on the development server with 1.1.4 now and some of the older
remote systems have 1.1.3. I guess I have some recompiling to do to bring
all of the remote systems up-to-date.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, March 17, 2005 10:49 AM
* On 2005.03.17, in
I'm taking a guess at your problem, based on something I've seen on
Solaris. Recent versions of gcc will configure themselves to use a
shared libgcc.so, and that library will then have to be in the runtime
on each target system. It seems rather a poor idea for gcc ever to
configure that way, unless it's the stock vendor-provided compiler for
the system. I'm not sure what the value is believed to be.
There are several solutions to this, if it's your problem. The easiest
is to delete libgcc.so from your gcc library directory. On my system, it
was at [/usr/local]/lib/gcc/sparc-sun-solaris2.9/3.4.1/libgcc.so* . You
also can modify the specs file.
You'll need to recompile gnupg (or distribute libgcc.so) in any case.

@_date: 2005-03-18 22:23:47
@_author: Grimes, Dean 
@_subject: Searching Mail Archives 
Is there a mail archive search function/screen that allows searching the
mail archive for specific key words? I'm new to GnuPG and would like get
more familiar with the application without asking 500 questions right off
the bat. I have read all of the documentation on the gnupg.org site but I'm
still not quite sure about some of the functionality as it relates to my
environment and requirements.

@_date: 2005-03-21 20:25:01
@_author: Grimes, Dean 
@_subject: Multiple Subkeys/UIDs 
I have been searching the mail archives for a while but have not yet found
any discussion related to the situation I have. I'm new to GnuPG and data
encryption in general so if some of my ideas or thoughts go completely
against common sense then.....
Anyway here is my situation. I have about 300 remote locations totaling
around 500 servers out in the field. There are several data files that we
collect on a daily basis that, even though we are dialup to these locations,
we want to begin encrypting them for transfer and storage. All of these
files come back to a central location where they will need to be decrypted
for processing and the encrypted file placed in a storage location. All of
this must happen in an automated scripted environment. This much I've
figured out how to do.
We also have a support department that will from time to time need to
decrypt one or more of these files in order to track down problems or answer
questions related to the data in the files. What I was hoping to be able to
do was create encrypt only keys at the remote locations and all locations
would use these keys for encrypting their data. My problem is having to give
the support department the master keys to decrypt the data. This isn't a
problem until some leaves the company.
What I would like to do is to assign a key to a specific user that they
would use to decrypt a file by. It would have a unique pass phrase
associated with it that only that user would know. This would be generated
by Operations department and assigned to the user. The user would be able to
decrypt only the files that were encrypted with a particular key. Multiple
users would be able to decrypt a single file using their assigned decryption
key and pass phrase. If a user leaves the company their key would be
revoked/deleted but they would never have had access to the master key. All
of the other users would still be able to use the keys that were assigned to
Is this possible to do with GnuPG? It wise to do something like this? Is
there anyone else besides me who has this situation or one similar? If so,
how did you/they solve the problem? Any help would be greatly appreciated.

@_date: 2005-03-21 23:21:53
@_author: Grimes, Dean 
@_subject: Multiple Subkeys/UIDs 
then decrypted ("for processing") and then re-encrypted.
The processing script would most likely decrypt the file piping the output
into the processing program. Once processing is complete, the script would
then mv/cp the already encrypted file to it's storage location. There would
be no need to re-encrypt the file.
No. The file would not be editable nor would any other process write to the
file. The only activity allowed on the file would be to decrypt for reading
purposes in a designated work area to be determined and set forth in the
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:gnupg-users-bounces Behalf Of David Shaw
Sent: Monday, March 21, 2005 1:40 PM
There seem to be a few ways to accomplish what you want to do here.
Can I get a little more information before I comment?  You mention
that all data enters the central location encrypted, but is then
decrypted ("for processing") and then re-encrypted.  Do I understand
that correctly?
Also: once a file is archived, is it still writable?  That is, is it
permissible to go back and edit this file to remove a particular key
from it?
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2005-03-22 03:42:57
@_author: Grimes, Dean 
@_subject: Multiple Subkeys/UIDs 
I like the idea of a check out system. This would eliminate the need to
create individual subkeys altogether. I could even use CVS as the
warehousing system. This accomplishes two goals: 1. Check in/out procedures
and 2. Logging all activity for checked out files.
I agree. There is no need to re-encrypt the files. These are trusted
employees who have the authority to view the data. I'm not too worried that
they wouldn't adhere to company policy.
However, just to be sure: There is no way to create multiple subkeys with
individual pass phrases that have the ability to decrypt messages/files
encrypted by a master key. Is this correct?
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:gnupg-users-bounces Behalf Of David Shaw
Sent: Monday, March 21, 2005 4:36 PM
That makes things very difficult, unfortunately.  Given those
restrictions, I think your best bet is to have some sort of "check
out" process when someone needs to read a file.  At that point, the
file is decrypted by the master key and then re-encrypted to that
persons key.  Your local policy and setup will need to be written in
such a way that this person cannot make their own copy of the file
while reading it.
However, given that restriction (that the user has no way to make
their own copy), I wonder what the point is in re-encrypting.  Why not
decrypt as part of the check-out and give it to them in the clear?
Gnupg-users mailing list
