
@_date: 2014-04-26 14:41:08
@_author: frank ernest 
@_subject: A few newbie Qs 
These first two may be kinda a preferences thing, but
I'm no expert in the field and I could not read the
math even if I wanted to, so try to be easy on me.
Which algorithm is most secure/is there more non-college-math
info on the web somewhere (no wikipedia please)?
IDEA, 3DES, CAST5, BLOWFISH, AES, AES192, AES256, TWOFISH,
CAMELLIA128, CAMELLIA192, CAMELLIA256
What are the "?" mark values? "Pubkey: RSA, ELG, DSA, ?, ?"
And similar to the above question, what is the hardest to
break (I understand that there is no chance of a brute force
attack, see the question below for a better idea of the attack
I'm concerned about)(no wikipedia please)?
How sensitive is an email to assumption based deciphering?
For instance: Normal people start their emails with "Hello",
"To whom it may concern", "Dear so-and-so" and people generally end
their emails with "Thanks", "Sincerely, name", "Yours truly, name".
Now, "name" and "so-and-so" can easily be determined by the public key
of the person to whom you are sending data and your name can also
be determined based on which email address you sent the message from
so that gives crackers and the feds respectivly:
Hello ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?5
To whom it may concern ?23
Dear + name, ? ? ? ? ? ?10+
Thanks ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 6
Sincerely, + name ? ? ? 16+
Yours truly, + name ? ? 20+
chars of preknown text (not to mention that most messages in english
contain a large amount of "e"s,) to work with.
So, how hard is it, knowing some of the message, to discover the whole
thing and/or the private key of the user?
Is it polite to post saying that you want to sign keys with somebody on
a random mailing list? I can't decide, for though it is a recommended
practice in the "keysigning howto" guide, I've never seen anybody do it and
it is off topic on most lists. This, is of course, ignoring the fact that
a "web of trust" can't be built unless people try to reach out to one another
and sign there respective keys. The main reson I'm asking is, because
I live out in a rural area and am unlikly to meet anybody who knows more
about a computer then that you can't juice it, pick it, or mate it....
Is there a way to tell gpg2 to encrypt the body of a message with something
other then AES? (I've read that it uses AES for the body and ?I've read that AES is a fast, but not very good method of encryption.)
If my key expires, is using the same passpharse on another key a safe/ok
thing to do?
Is there a limit practical or imposed on the lenght of a passpharse?
I'm thinking of a 740 char passphrase that, though containing
sentences and, therefore, making sense, (though perhaps only to
some sick people like me,) and also containing repetitions of words
4+ chars long, is really easy for me to remember.
Do you think that it would be a good passphrase?
Is exporting a public key a great way to announce that you can't
wait to be spammed? (Your email is included in the output, as is your name.)
If multiple people sign a cert and return it to me how do I merge all the
signatures back into my key on my computer?

@_date: 2014-04-28 15:48:04
@_author: frank ernest 
@_subject: A few newbie Qs 
The fact that you can't use the plain text and the cipher text to recover the private key is simply AMAZING. You really should mention that fact in the faq.
Ok, how about this one?
I also fequent the nano and curl mailing lists.
So, what you are saying is that past 384 chars, a longer passpharse ceases to be worth the effort?
Did your figuring take into accout the fact that I'm using puntuation marks too (max 68+26*2 chars of entropy?)
Another worthwile Q, do people audit the gnupg source code for bugs? If so how often? (I'm thinking as I write this of an idiotic but in the openssl package. (The C in C is soft for S as in SANITIZE, not like K for KILL yourself.)) Yes, I could audit the source, but not for logical errors as I would not understand the algorithms involved.

@_date: 2015-10-12 17:32:26
@_author: David Niklas 
@_subject: How to get your first key signed 
Sorry to disappear and thanks for your answers!
As for why you can't find my key. I thought that if you upload to one
server it will spread it to them all.
My key is at biglumber.com , I'll copy it, but I'm out of time now.
Thanks again, David

@_date: 2015-09-30 13:17:17
@_author: David Niklas 
@_subject: How to get your first key signed 
I create for myself a gpg key and want to get it signed, however I've
sent out half a dozen requests and so far I've gotten only negative
responses to the effect that I must know so-and-so and we must met in
person (considering that the person responds at all).
Now, I'm a student (think penny less), and live in a rural area 100mi
from the nearest LUG and people out here are _very_ computer illiterate
to the point where educated people think that turning a computer off
will damage it, or that the computer loses power (1GHz becomes .2GHZ),
as it grows older. So no one has a key, at all. And they would not want
to help create a web of trust even if I asked and explained it to them.
They just don't believe in security around here (Oh, that would never
happen to me! There are laws against that! You are a security freak.)
I want to develop FOSS and feel obligated to get a key to protect uses
of the software I'm modifying from MITM attacks.
Thanks, David

@_date: 2016-12-25 21:50:59
@_author: doark@mail.com 
@_subject: Gpg key lost in self update 
I used a config file (hand written), and concatenated several of it's
lines to form a super long strong passphrase for my key.
Bad news is that I foolishly changed the file and lack an old enough
backup to find the original one.
Now, I've read that you could use a program to crack the private key and
I'd rather not create a new key since my original was never compromised.
Do you know of any I might use?
