
@_date: 2009-05-31 15:29:28
@_author: Doug Bateman 
@_subject: Security Concern: Unsigned Windows Executable 
Dear GnuPG Team,
I challenged myself to verify all software that I download on my new machine
is verified and signed.  Sadly, Win-GnuPG let me down.  Heres why.
Most software was distributed as a signed .exe file (using the Windows
signed .EXE format).  Some was not signed, but available via an https
connection, allowing me to verify the originating source.  And some, such as
Gygwin, WinGnuPG, and sha1sum, required I already have GnuPG or sha1sum
already installed to verify the .sig.  Of course, this creates a
bootstrapping problem for several reasons: 1) These .exe's aren't signed
windows .exe's, 2) They aren't available via https (and thus can't ensure
there isnt' a man-in-the middle), and 3) Even if I had sha1sum, I'd have to
use http and not https to download the .sig file, allowing for the
man-in-the-middle to deliver a checksum matching his hacked version.
Using GnuPG to verify downloads does nothing, if I can't verify that GnuPG
itself isn't valid.
Now yes, you'll say "You're running Windows XP, that's your problem".  Yes,
yes, this is true.  However, it still leaves the issue... why isn't an HTTPS
download or a Signed Windows .EXE available, so that users can have
confidence in what is downloaded from the GnuPG project?
Doug Bateman
P.S.  Please CC: me on the reply if possible.

@_date: 2009-06-06 21:56:39
@_author: Doug Bateman 
@_subject: Security Concern: Unsigned Windows Executable 
Hi all,
I've been fairly quite after the original post, as I'm out of the country
for the next week.  But I do want to reply (and hope to give a better reply
once I'm back home).  I do agree that sophisticated Man in the Middle
attacks are hard to do.  And I'm well aware of the idea that PGP stood for
privacy that was "Pretty Good", not perfect.  And in the chain of trust,
there is only "good enough" because the Rabbit Hole goes down forever (do
you trust your cpu and it's microcode, the bios, the people who signed a
key/cert, and yeah, the NSA could be sniffing for EM signatures of harddrive
writes).  And of course, I'd be disapointed if the GPG community wasn't
quick to raise thes issues and point out every suttle error of argument in
the original email.  After all, this is a coommunity dedicated to
establishing the meaning of a circle of trust.
But I'm afraid that RJH here is the only one who really focused on the true
intent of the original emiail.  It was really quite a simple objective... I
want "Pretty Good" certainty that the .EXE I download is the .EXE produced
by the GPG community.  And in the case of Windows, this Pretty Good certainy
when downloading the Win32 GPG client is the important first step in
establishing an ongoing PGP style chain of trust.  Using the downloaded
Win32 GPG client to then check it's own integrity, absent some other
available check, just doesn't meet what I'd consider "Pretty Good" message
integrity (nor is it "Pretty Bad"... yes, it's somewhere in the middle, as
script kiddies would find it difficult to hack and the NSA would surely win
regardless if they tried).
I really respect RJH's reply, as he gave concrete recommendations on how I
can verify the authenticity of the download.  It's a bit user-unfriendly, as
it involves getting a trusted copy of linux first, but that can be done.  I
thank you Robert.
So here's the suggestion... for only $80/year for a 3-year certificate, you
can sign the EXE using the Windows Authenticode standard (or the mac code
signing standard, or the Java Jar signing standard, and many other systems
that use CERTS for code signing).  Then, everyone downloading GPG onto
Windows, Mac, or elsewhere can verify the signature on the downloaded file.
Is it perfect, no.  Could the private key be stolen.  Of course.  But is it
"Pretty Good" by the community standard.  You bet.  And now GPG can be used
from there on, establishing access to the GPG circule of trust for that
To the community, I ask... rather than having a debate of the nature of
vulnerabilities and how easy it is for a 4-year-old linux based home router
to be hacked or which skills would be needed to use that hacked router in an
MTM attack, why not ask ourselves how we can do a little bit more to make
our privacy even more secure.  As a community, we do value message
integrity, privacy, trust, and certainty, yes?  Codomo will sell a 3-year
cert for $240.  Heck, I'll even throw in the $240 if the community agrees to
use cert to sign future Windows & Mac clients using the native OS's code
signing system (Authenticode on windows).
In summary, a program can't remain "Pretty Good" for long, if people aren't
always looking for ways to make "Pretty Good" even better.  And after all,
isn't that what this community is about?  Making Pretty Good even better,
and trust accessible to everyone, regardless of platform.
With Regards,

@_date: 2009-06-06 22:01:06
@_author: Doug Bateman 
@_subject: Security Concern: Unsigned Windows Executable 
I want to follow up with this quote from Phil Zimmermann that has always
touched me deeply, and told me what PGP and the PGP community are all about,
and why having a system built ground up for trust, is so important...
Quoting Phil's testimony before congress:
I want to read you a quote from some E-mail I got in October 1993 from
someone in Latvia, on the day that Boris Yeltsin was shelling his own
Parliament building:
*"Phil I wish you to know: let it never be, but if dictatorship takes over
Russia your PGP is widespread from Baltic to Far East now and will help
democratic people if necessary. Thanks."*
Is it unreasonable to reach out to the needs of Windows & Mac users when
authenticating their copy of GPG?  Especially when it is so easy to do?
I'll pay the $240 for a 3 year cert, if you're willing to sign the client.
To me, it's about trust, freedom, and hope.  And I want everyone to have
access to that, even the PC users.

@_date: 2009-06-12 13:02:02
@_author: Doug Bateman 
@_subject: Security Concern: Unsigned Windows Executable 
Here's an interesting question.... why does GnuPG.org bother providing a GPG
signature with it's downloaded files?
I can guess at several possible reasons other than MitM attacks: (a) To
allow users to ensure mirrored copies are legit, (b) To safeguard against
tampering with the file on the download server (e.g. hacked server,
untrusted or hacked mirror, etc), (c) general peace of mind.  And yes, in
the unlikely event of an MitM attack, it helps too, but we'll assume that's
less likely than many other possible vulnerabilities.
So this raises the question... If we bother GPG signing our distributions,
why not also Authenticode sign the .exe's so that users who don't already
have GPG installed can verify the download?  Is it about cost (~$200/3
years)?  Is it about principle?  Is it about the effort to add the
authenticode signature to the Win32 build script?
And good answer to the prior question, Rynt.  Thanks!
