
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:05:46
@_author: Ashley Holman 
@_subject: Backing up Private Keys 
Hi all,
When I export my private key using `gpg --export-secret-key --armor', and
then delete all of my keys and re-impot from the exported secret key, it
seems to give me both the public and private key back.  Does this mean that
the public key is exported along with the private key?
I'm just trying to work out whether I need to export both the public and
private keys or if --export-secret-key is enough.
Thanks very much

@_date: 2013-04-15 14:54:04
@_author: Ashley Holman 
@_subject: Backing up Private Keys 
Thanks very much for the answer.
I also have a followup question.  Is it acceptable practice to make a paper
backup of your private key by exporting it in ascii armored mode and
printing it onto some paper?  (with a passphrase applied of course).  This
would be to prevent against loss in the event of other media failing.  Has
anyone ever had to recover from a paper backup - and if so do you
painstakingly type it to your computer, or use some kind of OCR or perhaps
QR codes to encode it?
I was reading that the passphrase key derivation algorithm for GPG is
PBKDF2 and that perhaps it would be more vulnerable to a brute force attack
than another algorithm such as scrypt.  Would it be advisable to encrypt my
private key with scrypt or is it recommended to stick to PBKDF2?  What are
the strongest settings for --s2k-cipher-algo, --s2k-digest-algo,
and --s2k-count?
Basically I'm looking to have my private key really protected so that even
if it fell into the wrong hands it would be downright unfeasable to brute
force (yes I have a good passphrase - but looking to make the encryption as
strong as it can be).

@_date: 2013-04-15 21:03:20
@_author: Ashley Holman 
@_subject: Backing up Private Keys 
Thanks very much for that information.  That gives me a lot to consider and
look into.. and also some confidence in the defaults :).  Thanks also for
the link to PaperWallet. I will check that out.
What I meant by "brute force" was that an attacker could generate all
possible passphrases in a given keyspace and try each of them in an attempt
to decrypt my passphrased secret key.  Eventually one of the attempts
should succeed.  I did some calculations to try to work out how long it
might take to brute force, and the results were more like decades instead
of something more impressive like "long after the sun has exploded".
So for example's sake, lets say my passphrase keyspace is in order of
10^25.  I'll also assume that a sophisticated attacker might be able to
make 1 million attempts per second (maybe this is where my assumptions are
off - but the bitcoin network generates trillions of hashes per second by
ans =  3.1710e+11
300 billion years at that rate.  But, if I account for moore's law, I
should assume that the attempts per second will increase each year.  If I
assume 50% increase in computing power per year then I get:
ans =  65.314
So 65 years.  I know this is a really long time, but it's not as impressive
as millions of years would be.  Does this mean that people in the 22nd /
23rd century might be able to crack old passphrased keys really easily?
 (ok, maybe there are likely to be maths advances by that point anyway).
Quite likely I've made and mistakes in my calculations and/or bad
assumptions so let me know if that is the case.
Thanks again
