
@_date: 2016-12-02 10:57:14
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: How do you help someone to encrypted email (Re: How do you let 
Hash: SHA256
First let me say thank you to the developers of gnupg and all the
tools and scripts and everything else that goes into creating and
running a project as complex as this.  And thanks to all the helpful
people on the list.
Regarding WKD:  I'm sure this will be a great tool for fetching public
keys and will make life easier for many people on this list.  Thank
you for your efforts Bernhard!
(Putting on fireproof suit :-) )
My personal feeling and opinion however is that public key management
is not the barrier to adoption of gnupg for everyday users who would
like to increase their security.
I believe that outside of the lack of awareness that their privacy is
being ignored, the problem is mostly private key management and the
unfortunate fact that most of the email clients that most people use
on the most popular platforms don't support encrypting and decrypting
I'll be the first to admit that I don't know how to make it easy for
users to be able to generate a private/public key pair wherein the
private key can be stored relatively securely and be available for use
with their gmail or other email platform of choice from the desktop,
laptop, tablet, and phone.  Sure you can use a smart card reader to
solve the availability issues but then you have to deal with all the
software issues.  Most people have no knowledge about any of this let
alone the existence of tools like smart card readers.
I realize there is an argument to be made that people need to exercise
personal responsibility when it comes to their security.  But I
believe adoption will be limited to the technically adept until we can
make using encryption and decryption an understandable and short
process for people who only use their computers to run "canned"
applications and send mail.
(Thinking out loud)
I wonder if a solution akin to what the password managers do is
possible?  Maybe storing a private key in a password manager would
work for a lot of users.  It's not as if anyone would be forced to do
this.  Create a partnership with a few of the password managers that
would require a key be protected by a 30+ character random password
and then users could access their private key from anywhere once
they've logged into their password manager.  Just a thought and
clearly it's not the most secure method but maybe it is secure enough?
 Still doesn't solve the problem of having gnupg available and
integrated on all the different platforms.
(keeping fireproof suit on for a while :-) )
Thanks for your indulgence and patience :-)
Best Regards,

@_date: 2016-11-15 11:54:58
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: gnupg over Internet 
I can no longer use my laptop where I had gnupg, Thunderbird, and Enigmail
installed.  I do have my keys backed-up on an accessible medium.
Now I am thinking I might like to avoid from now on being dependent on
local hardware.  Any ideas, tips, random thoughts on how I could use gnupg
from any random Internet cafe or library computer?
Has anyone gotten around the problem of USB HDs being so easily
compromised?  It would be convenient to run gnupg from a USB stick with a
card reader plugged into another USB port but I don't believe that is safe.
For instance, I am currently using a computer (a Mac) at a local university
for which I have a temporary login account.  I have shell access but no
administrative privileges.  Even if I could install software on my account
I would not want to.  There's also no DVD installed.
Excuse the cliche but I am trying to describe being a "road warrior"
without the laptop.  Let's say no hardware at all except my card reader and
pin pad and maybe a near field radio id device and of course an android
phone :-) which I have gnupg on but haven't figured out yet how to
effectively use it.
Any help is appreciated.

@_date: 2016-09-14 12:10:29
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: What is a reliable way to backup/restore my keys and test? 
Hash: SHA256
I am relatively new to GNUPG so my apologies in advance if this
question is trivial.  I have been following the list and have seen
discussions of how to fix problems regarding backing up and restoring
of keys but I have not seen anything on how to do it properly to begin
I've just copied my .gnupg directory to a usb key as a backup measure,
which I found as a method (more or less) on
  I am planning on upgrading
my OS and I need to test this backup.  How can I make sure my private
key and trust assignments were copied properly?
Once I have completed my OS upgrade how do I restore my keys and the
trust levels assigned to them?
I use Thunderbird/Enigmail which is using gpg2 but I originally
created my key pair using gpg 1.4.  Does this have any ramifications?
$ uname -a
Linux XXX 4.2.0-38-generic  SMP Thu Jun 9 09:28:50
UTC 2016 i686 i686 i686 GNU/Linux
$ /usr/bin/gpg --version
gpg (GnuPG) 1.4.16
Copyright (C) 2013 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
Home: ~/.gnupg
Supported algorithms:
Pubkey: RSA, RSA-E, RSA-S, ELG-E, DSA
Cipher: IDEA, 3DES, CAST5, BLOWFISH, AES, AES192, AES256, TWOFISH,
        CAMELLIA128, CAMELLIA192, CAMELLIA256
Hash: MD5, SHA1, RIPEMD160, SHA256, SHA384, SHA512, SHA224
Compression: Uncompressed, ZIP, ZLIB, BZIP2
$ /usr/bin/gpg2 --version
gpg (GnuPG) 2.0.22
libgcrypt 1.5.3
Copyright (C) 2013 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
Home: ~/.gnupg
Supported algorithms:
Pubkey: RSA, ELG, DSA, ?, ?
Cipher: IDEA, 3DES, CAST5, BLOWFISH, AES, AES192, AES256, TWOFISH,
        CAMELLIA128, CAMELLIA192, CAMELLIA256
Hash: MD5, SHA1, RIPEMD160, SHA256, SHA384, SHA512, SHA224
Compression: Uncompressed, ZIP, ZLIB, BZIP2
Thunderbird 38.8.0
I hope this provides the required information.  Please let me know if
I should include something else.
Best Regards,

@_date: 2016-09-15 11:11:01
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: What is a reliable way to backup/restore my keys and test? 
Hash: SHA256
Thanks for the detailed walk-through, Robert.  Much appreciated!
Best Regards,

@_date: 2016-09-15 11:20:10
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: What is a reliable way to backup/restore my keys and test? 
Hash: SHA256
I am unable to find any references in man to export-local in

@_date: 2017-04-10 14:28:10
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: Smart card 
Hash: SHA256
What if it's your business that's the target of tier 1 Western
Intelligence actors who are interested in collecting intelligence on
said target so as to bestow competitive advantage to your competitors
for whatever the reason may be?  My explicit assumptions for such a
situation is that they don't want their target to know they are under
surveillance and as result they aren't going to be knee-capping the
target's employees to get their desired information.  Business
premises and data at rest and in transit is fair game as is the use of
malware, root kits, warrantless wiretaps, etc.
Perhaps the situation is that you're a Canadian jet engine
manufacturer that has come up with a prototype for super efficient
mach 2 capable engines for commercial aircraft :-D  Of course you want
to make sure that you and your engineers and other employees with
access to sensitive data employ whatever measures you can to avoid a
data compromise. :-D
Obviously I'm trying to lighten the mood a little and still explore
what the possibility is, if any, of protecting data from the prying
eyes of tier 1 actors who might not think that what you have is
important enough to kill or injure you for but that they would try
very hard to get by employing other efforts.  I'm not saying having a
smart card reader and a pin pad here is going to be the magic amulet
to protect your interests.
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-08-14 03:32:08
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: fingerprint of key 
Hash: SHA256
Tested on:
$ gpg --version
gpg (GnuPG) 1.4.16
$ gpg2 --version
gpg (GnuPG) 2.0.22
lsb_release -a
No LSB modules are available.
Distributor ID: Ubuntu
Description:    Ubuntu 14.04.5 LTS
Release:        14.04
Codename:       trusty
I was recently trying to compare the fingerprint of a key I downloaded
to its online stated value.  I thought I should be able to accomplish
my goal with "gpg --fingerprint public-key-file.asc".  Gpg returned
"gpg: error reading key: No public key"
So I did a search and found --with-fingerprint.  Worked as I hoped it
According to gpg(1) and gpg2(1) - "--with-fingerprint
              Same as the command --fingerprint but changes only the
format of the output and may be used together with another command."
So is this a bug in gpg or a bug in the man page or am I missing
something so trivial and obvious that I will smack myself in the
forehead when someone points it out to me?
I understand dev cycles are being focused primarily(?) on the 2.1
branch but I figured this might be worth mentioning.  I confess, I
haven't checked the archives to see if it already has been.
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-08-14 13:25:58
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: fingerprint of key 
Hash: SHA256
Hi Daniel,
Thanks for your response.  So, what you are saying is that the man
page is wrong ;-)
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-08-14 19:03:19
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: fingerprint of key 
Hash: SHA256
The situation is a little more clear since your last response.  If I
may quote you:
"the trouble with these two invocations of gpg is that they offer no
command.  Each invocation of GnuPG is supposed to include exactly one
command and zero or more options. ..."
I ran gpg2 --with-fingerprint oracle_vbox.asc which did what I wanted
and I received no complaints.
I did not and still do not want to import the oracle_vbox public key
into my key ring.  I am happy to download it and check it each time.
When I looked at the man page for how to do this it looked like gpg2

@_date: 2017-08-14 21:50:13
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: fingerprint of key 
Hash: SHA256
I perceive keys in my keyring as being ones I trust because of
out-of-band confirmation and used for two-way communications.  I think
the VirtualBox key is just to give people assurance that they are
downloading what they intended to download from the source they
expected, in this case via apt or apt-get, etc. from an Oracle repo.
To me that reads as "if you provide a key then the fingerprint for
that key will be provided otherwise your keyring will be used".
Thanks for correcting my understanding.
I'm not exactly sure what a good suggestion would be.  Would it be
correct to say that going forward usability changes would probably be
more likely to happen in the 2.1 branch?  If so I guess I should
upgrade to the 2.1 branch.
I can say that what I usually end up being challenged by is importing
keys into my keyring and on being able to choose which UID I want to
sign with.  Maybe that just means I don't know the software well enough.
For instance, last night I wanted to add a friend's new public key to
my keyring.  Gpg wouldn't add the key based on his email.  I had to
use his email to search the key server and then use the fingerprint of
his new key to add it to my keyring.
The approach I took was "gpg2 --search user at domain.com" and "gpg2

@_date: 2017-08-14 22:12:18
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: fingerprint of key 
Hash: SHA256
Actually one suggestion, the way options and commands are specified
look the same.  It might make things clearer if there was a difference
in the way they are expressed on the command line.  Perhaps keep the
"--" for options and enter commands without the "--".
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-08-17 22:39:21
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: fingerprint of key 
Hash: SHA256
Sounds like a good approach but for someone who has more public keys
stored than me.  I only exchange encrypted email with a very, very
small group of people and I am in regular voice communication with
them.  But I definitely see the merit in what you describe and believe
that it is a cautious way of proceeding.  I may even try working that
way just to practice for the day when perhaps I consider it necessary
to exchange encrypted mail with people I don't know well and don't
talk with in person or on the telephone regularly.
I guess using that approach I could import public keys from users on
this list and then assign them various levels of trust, right down to
no trust and not locally signed at all.
I suppose I chose to use apt or apt-get because it seems like a more
convenient way to update things as opposed to getting it straight from
Well, I see it potentially as less work but not less risk.  I
downloaded the key using wget and https.  Then I check the validity of
the key by comparing the fingerprint generated by GnuPG with what
Oracle publishes on the VirtualBox site.  Downloading the key once
works if I implement your previous key/keyring management solution.
Also, bear in mind, no software gets updated automatically on my
system.  I get notified of updates but when the update happens is up
to me.
What I mean is that I have 2 email addresses which each have a
different private key.  The key for duane at nofroth.com has is
associated with private counterpart to the key you fetched.  I have
another email address with a different private key associated to it.
As always, thank you for illuminating the finer points of GnuPG.
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-08-17 22:48:36
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: fingerprint of key 
Hash: SHA256
Well, I'm not familiar enough with the arcana to say whether it should
be done away with or not but, I am a big believer in software not
trying to guess what I want.  As you said, in version 2.1 GnuPG would
have complained that I hadn't entered a command, correct?  Does this
also mean it would have not carried out any action.  In my opinion
that would be the correct behaviour.  I am also a fan of the Unix
tradition of software that completes without error not having any
output unless you have asked for output.  Error output going to stderr
of course :-)
I have to admit to being a little hesitant making these types of
comments because I don't feel I contributed enough (if anything) to
have earned that right.  But perhaps as a user the comment is a small
contribution.  I hope it is seen that way and not as a complaint.
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-06-06 00:30:30
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Question for app developers, like Enigmail etc. - 
Excellent scenario and explanation Daniel, thank you!  I firmly believe
your suspicions regarding identicons will be fully shown accurate.
However, I am having difficulty following how TOFU would/could provide
better metrics for the "defense" side of the game.  As I understand the
concept of TOFU (Trust On First Use), when you receive a signed email
gpg tests that signature against the key retrieved from the public key
servers associated with the email.
To me this says nothing about whether you are actually communicating
with who you think you are communicating with.  It justs says "Yes, the
signature on the email you received was generated by the same key
associated with that email address on the public key servers."
This is not enough to convince me I am communicating with someone I
know.  For instance, I have not imported even one of the many keys I
receive from emails to this mailing list into my keyring because there
is no trust there.  And when I move to gpg 2.1 I will make certain that
TOFU is not enabled.
I think TOFU could potentially be a win for Mallory.  TOFU may make
people more likely to take for granted that they are communicating with
a trusted party because the email they received says it's someone they
trust and GPG says it's a good signature from alice at example.com.
The problem with this is that they never communicated with Alice to
learn her email address is actually alice at trustme.com.
My personal opinion, for whatever that is worth, is that TOFU is going
to have people sending signed/encrypted email back and forth to each
other without them having done the work to ensure they are actually
communicating with their intended parties.  Trust takes work.
Once the work on establishing identities has been done and trust has
been established there is no need to remember keys because the key will
be locally associated with the email address belonging to the trusted
party you wish to communicate with.
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-06-12 18:50:20
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Fwd: Re: Question for app developers, like Enigmail etc. 
I'm not one of the many experts on the list you refer to so you'll have
to judge for yourself the usefulness of my procedures.  Comments from
more experienced users welcome as well, of course, and some very
experienced users have given you very good advice already.
Some of things I do include setting a password on the BIOS and HD and
turning my computer off when I'm not using it.  My reason for those
steps is that I am hoping it would introduce enough of a roadblock that
should someone gain physical access to my computer (a laptop) they would
need to take it with them in order to compromise it.
I also don't click on any links in emails. As well, I don't open any PDF
files I don't trust.
I believe also that it's important to consider what operating system you
use.  Some people believe that with certain OSs you are compromised the
minute you install said OS and are actually fulfilling the role of
Mallory against yourself.  This is to say that I believe Open Source is
beneficial not that it is the complete solution.
I would also add one word about USB sticks:  It is very difficult to
know if they've been compromised and there are no tell-tale signs when
an attack is taking place.  I never put a USB in my computer that has
been used on a computer I don't own.
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-05-29 08:24:40
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: Mailvelope browser extension for webmail 
Hi list,
Thoughts on the Mailvelope browser extension...?
Here's some of their material:
"What is the purpose of this project?
Mailvelope is an easy-to-use web-browser extension which brings OpenPGP
encryption to webmail services such as Gmail?, Yahoo? and others. With
its unintrusive interface fully integrated into your webmail service,
Mailvelope instantly secures your personal and professional email
Next one seems a little concerning to me but I'm no browser expert:
"Where are my keys stored?
Mailvelope stores the keys in the local storage of the browser and only
there. This is a file in the user data directory of Chrome or the
profiles folder of Firefox. If you clear temporary browsing data this
will not affect the key storage of Mailvelope. If you delete the
Mailvelope Chrome extension, then the key storage will also be removed
from your file system. On Firefox there is an additional confirmation
dialog once you remove the Mailvelope add-on that allows to delete all
keys or leave them in the profile folder of the system."
"15/05/2017 | Security notice: Mailvelope in the current version of
Firefox browser.
We are in the possession of a security audit that was requested by the
email provider Posteo and conducted by Cure53, which has revealed that
the Firefox security structure is currently unable to offer a
sufficiently safe environment for the Mailvelope browser extension.
Mailvelope naturally relies on the security of the underlying browser
platform. In the present case, we are unable to offer a remedy
ourselves. Nevertheless, Mozilla is already working on a fundamental
improvement of the add-on system. In November 2017, Firefox is scheduled
to finally switch to an overhauled add-on structure, which will then
offer sufficient protection against attacks.
A new Mailvelope version for the new, improved Firefox structure is
already in the making.
Until Mozilla has modified the architecture, the following safety
recommendations apply:
    Be sure to use a separate Firefox profile for Mailvelope with no
other extensions installed.
    Make sure your password for your PGP key is as secure as possible.
    Take care that you do not accidentally install any other add-ons in
this profile, which may make you vulnerable to attacks.
The security audit also demonstrated some positive results regarding
Mailvelope. Posteo writes about this:
    There was a check made as to whether email providers for which
Mailvelope is used could access a Mailvelope user?s private keys saved
in the browser ? this was not possible. All other attempts made by the
security engineers to access private keys saved in Mailvelope, such as
operating third party websites or man-in-the-middle attacks, were also
Security Audits such as the one performed by Posteo serve as an
important indicator that shows how we can further improve Mailvelope. At
this point, we?d like to thank Posteo for conducting the audit and thus
their contribution to the Mailvelope project."
I didn't see any Google related security information or notices.
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-05-29 08:00:59
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: Don't send encrypted messages to random users to test your gpg 
Hi list,
When I checked my email this morning I had an encrypted message from
someone I didn't know and had never heard of signed with a signature for
which no public key was available.
When I saw the email with a subject "test, test, hello" (or something to
that effect" I decided not to let Thunderbird/Enigmail process it but
rather I copy and pasted the cypher text into a file and used the
command line to look at it..
The message and relevant gpg output was:
"Subject: test, test - hello
hey, i hope you don't mind - I just wanted to test using GPG and I
picked you at random."
gpg: Signature made Mon 29 May 2017 02:59:23 AM ADT
gpg:                using RSA key (deleting for email to list)
gpg: Can't check signature: No public key"
To the person who sent me this my reply is that yes I do mind.  I tend
to believe no harm is intended and I'm not terribly upset over it but I
consider it to be bad Internet etiquette.  It would be only a little
more acceptable if you had published your public key so that the
signature you used to sign with could at least be verified.
Having hashed that out welcome to the community :-)
To test your setup try this link, I haven't used it myself but unless someone from the list knows why it
shouldn't be used it should fine.
I also highly recommend reading The above links are just to get started.  Happy pgp'ing
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-10-09 23:30:22
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: Working with an Online and Offline Computer when using GnuPG - 
Hash: SHA256
I'm a little surprised no one has reminded us that there are no best
practices, just practices that serve our needs depending on what value
we perceive our data to have and what we perceive the capabilities of
our adversaries to have, and what the consequences of compromise are.
After saying all that I recall reading an article by the Washington
Post (if I recall correctly) that they use two computers in their
"safe-drop" system.  Again, IIRC, the computer connected to the
Internet is not ever connected to the computer used to encrypt or
decrypt messages.  The computer used to encrypt/decrypt is not
connected to anything and is booted from a read-only CDROM which also
has any required software.  Data transfer is done by recording to a
write-once CDROM.  No clear text is ever on the computer connected to
the Internet.  There are lots of other details to think about (defense
in depth)
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-10-09 23:51:29
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: Working with an Online and Offline Computer when using GnuPG - 
Hash: SHA256
I find this topic quite interesting so if I may comment a little more...
Firstly, I think it's really easy to get carried away here with
security measures one probably doesn't really need.  If you do have a
need for air-gapped computers then you also have a need for a lot of
other security measures.
1) How good are the locks on the doors to your house?
2) What about your windows?
3) What about fire protection?
4) What about data backups?
5) Do you have a policy and mechanism in place for how long you keep dat
6) How about backup security, both on-site and off-site?
7) What mechanism will you use for media destruction when your policy
indicates you don't need certain data any longer?
8) How are you protecting your public/private keys?
I could continue to go on but maybe I'm getting carried away here.
The point I'm trying to make is that if there are lots of attack
vectors and just focusing on where you encrypt/decrypt messages
doesn't necessarily make you that much more protected.
Just my opinion and it's not meant as criticism just as "food for though
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-10-10 12:37:15
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: FAQ and GNU 
Hash: SHA256
I respect your point-of-view and your right to express it.  I would
like to point out though that this link, from gnu.org, would be
expected (at least by me) to promote a GNU centric and rightfully
self-promoting view of how to proceed.
I believe FAQ should be left as is.
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-10-10 13:15:20
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: FAQ and GNU 
Hash: SHA256
I just did a search for the term "Linux" in the FAQ.  I did this so
that the conversation would be about a concrete instance and not based
so much on abstract concepts.  The search returned four instances of
the word "Linux".
First match was a trademark attribution of the term "Linux" to Linus
The second match was in a sub-header for section 3.6 "From where can I
download it?" "? for Linux?" with text as follows (containing 3rd match)
"The bad news is there is no single, consistent way to install GnuPG
on Linux systems. The good news is that it?s usually installed by
default, so nothing needs to be downloaded!"
In this context does Linux mean any system running the Linux kernel or
does it mean something else?
The fourth match is "? for Debian GNU/Linux or Ubuntu?" also a part of
the section "From where can I download it?"
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-10-10 13:28:57
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: FAQ and GNU 
Hash: SHA256
Rob, thanks for taking time out of your day and busy schedule for
dealing with this issue.  Too bad it is such a contentious issue for
so many people.  Thank you for your fairness and collaborative and
community minded approach.
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-10-13 11:30:42
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: OT: FAQ and GNU 
Hash: SHA256
I'd be interested to know what the other possibilities are.
I think that if one individual tried they would initially meet with
resistance.  But over time language rules, both grammar and
vocabulary, change.  Even in a time as short as 30 years many changes
have occurred in the English language.  It is a dynamic language.
"Resistance is futile" :-)
 Instead, one must apply the well-known rules of
What about the role of media and its influence on popular culture?  If
I say "C'mon, you gotta be kiddin me" everybody knows what I'm saying
and its acceptability depends on the audience.
I think it depends on the audience :-)
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-10-13 11:57:18
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: FAQ and GNU 
Hash: SHA256
Yes, but surely, given the question you must have seen this one
coming :-D
Best Regards,

@_date: 2017-09-26 09:32:30
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: Houston, we have a problem 
Hash: SHA256
Why?  Ultimately are we not all responsible for our own actions?
People should be required to make some effort.
WhatsApp controls the key material.  *Seems* safe so far but who
knows.  I personally would never put anything truly confidential over
WhatsApp.  And actually people are supposed to verify that they are
messaging who they think they are messaging by doing a comparison of
fingerprints or ids or whatever they are called.  I only message one
person with it so it's been a while since I've had to do it.  But I am
willing to bet lots of users don't do that verification step.  It's a
good UX but not perfect.  Same goes for GPG in my opinion.  It's good
but not perfect.  It never will be and I don't believe any (security)
software will ever have a perfect mix of features for all users and
use cases out of the "box"
I don't want my software or its developers acting like my big brother!
Best Regards,

@_date: 2018-01-16 15:21:09
@_author: Duane Whitty 
@_subject: a step in the right direction 
Hash: SHA256
Maybe something akin to patent law here would work better than a
technological solution.  Once you share something it is public unless
you force the the receiving party to sign a non-disclosure document.
Once you share your public key with even one person it is in the
public domain.  If you want to make it painful enough to prevent this
from happening have the receiving party sign a contract of
non-disclosure which stipulates what the penalties will be if the
break the contract.  Just my two cents and I'm sure it doesn't cover
Best Regards,
