
@_date: 2010-03-07 09:13:04
@_author: Daniel Eggleston 
@_subject: gpg-preset-passphrase 
I'm looking for some help explaining the behavior of gpg-preset-passphrase.
First, the manpage states:
       Passphrases set with this utility  don't  expire  unless  the
       option is used to explicitly clear them from the cache --- or
       is either restarted or reloaded (by sending a SIGHUP  to  it).   It
But it looks like gpg-preset-passphrase cached passphrases are still subject
to the --max-cache-ttl option in gpg-agent ... this behavior is hardly
"Don't expire". Is there a way to change this behavior?
Second, the manpage also states:
       --forget
              Flush the passphrase for the given cache ID from the cache.
The implication (to me) is that if I cache a passphrase with
gpg-preset-passphrase, then run gpg-preset-passphrase with the same key
fingerprint and the --forget option, that gpg-agent will no longer cache
that entry.  When this didn't pan out, I thought maybe the forget command
simply makes the cached passphrase obey the --default-cache-ttl option, but
no dice.
So, basically the --preset command is subject to --max-cache-ttl (although
the documentation implies otherwise), and the --forget command doesn't
appear to change anything at all.  Am I doing it wrong?
Any help is appreciated,

@_date: 2010-03-18 06:50:59
@_author: Daniel Eggleston 
@_subject: Secure unattended decryption 
I know it's sort of a contradiction in terms, but hear me out:
The case I'm looking at is a High Availability environment hosting a
database. The database is comprised of many Unix files, encrypted via AES,
on shared storage. If the node accessing the database loses enough of its
redundant hardware that it can no longer function as the database server,
control must failover to the secondary node. Since the client systems are
the priority, the goal is the shortest downtime possible.
The encryption key for the databases is stored on-disk, encrypted with PGP
(Gnupg specifically). At first startup, it's no big deal to have the DBA
enter a passphrase to start the database server. Once a failover occurs,
though, time is of the essence. Since paging someone to come enter a
passphrase can take 15 minutes or more after-hours, I'm trying to come up
with a feasible way to allow the second node to access the encrypted
databases without human intervention, with the ultimate goal that if
somebody does somehow walk out with the storage containing the databases,
there will be no way to gain access to the data.  I was thinking this could
be done using gpg-agent, and entering the passphrase when the server starts
up (and the failover can happen arbitrarily, months or even years after the
machine boots).
The problem I've encountered is that there doesn't appear to be a way to
cache the passphrase infinitely. (I read some documentation that said that
passing -1 to the cache-ttl parameters would work, but it doesn't). I've
considered setting the cache-ttl parameters to large values (i.e. two weeks)
and requiring the DBA to re-enter the passphrase once a week.  This isn't
ideal, but it's better than nothing.
Does anybody here have any experience with this sort of situation?  I
realize that anything short of requiring a user with the passphrase at the
terminal is inherently less secure, but uptime is king, and I'm looking for
an "as secure as possible while not requiring human intervention in the
event of a failover".

@_date: 2010-03-18 10:59:17
@_author: Daniel Eggleston 
@_subject: Secure unattended decryption 
Well, the data theft truly is hypothetical - you see, the data will be
stored on a SAN, so physical theft is an extremely minor probability (but
still one that must be considered).  Physical security will differ from
client to client, since it will be implemented without my supervision.
Full-disk encryption still requires that the DBA enter a passphrase at the
time of mounting the disks and doesn't solve anything (and is less
cross-platform, there may be many different flavors of Unix including HP-UX,
AIX, and Linux); and encryption of just the databases allows the database
application to optimize block-sizes (which differs from file to file based
on the data types being stored).
Hacking the nodes will be a risk regardless - anybody gaining root is game
over, anyway. Once the database is mounted and accessed, PGP will no longer
be required; what I am trying to accomplish is entering the PGP an
arbitrarily long time before actually using it (i.e. infinite).
In reality, this is a business requirement more than a philosophical one.
The concern is :
a) an unprivileged user with server access should not be able to access the
actual database files (OS permissions) but, assuming they managed to gain
access, the data should be useless.
b) a hardware admin, if they manage to bypass physical security and walk out
with the SAN, the data contained should be useless.
Of course, somebody knows the passphrase, and there is an element of trust,
but that's not really what's on trial here - as I said, it's a business
requirement that stems from responsibility to clients.
Thanks for the interest; I'm hoping somebody has done something similar to
this in the past with regards to the unattended failover.

@_date: 2010-03-18 20:20:45
@_author: Daniel Eggleston 
@_subject: Secure unattended decryption 
Yea, I don't need to have it entered automatically at boot time (if that's
possible, I've just thrown all semblance of true security out the window).
All I was looking for is a way to have gpg cache the passphrase for an
indefinite amount of time; and a human can enter the passphrase at boot.
It sounds like gpg is probably not more qualified than any other encryption
tool for this job, because the solutions thrown out here are quite feasible
without gpg.

@_date: 2010-03-19 15:26:09
@_author: eggled@gmail.com 
@_subject: Secure unattended decryption 
Yes, well, changing the AES key on a database (Which may be several
hundred gigabytes) is time consuming.  Changing a GPG passphrase is not.
Using assymetric encryption of the AES key using GPG makes it very easy
to change the gpg encryption key passphrase regularly.
Thanks for the input; I agree that in general the cascading encryption
would be cumbersome and not worthwhile, but it's been carefully
considered, and the method chosen was not by mistake.

@_date: 2010-03-20 08:01:50
@_author: eggled@gmail.com 
@_subject: AUTO: Richard Hamilton is out of the office (returning 03/22/2010) 
I don't think "Win-Win" means what you think it means.  At best for him,
no harm is done. At worst, he gets a reprimand or gets in trouble.
I happen to be an employee (not a boss), who is not expressly permitted
to use company time on private projects. As it turns out, though, my job
is right now requiring me to do some research about gnupg. (Just a
scenario you left out)
And, all that is completely irrelevant. Contacting his coworkers for
help will make extra work for several people, removing his auto-reminder
(probably a helpdesk ticket, etc.).  OR, the moderators can just click
"remove" next to his name and send an email informing him of the
situation on his return.  5 minutes, which is about what anybody would
spend explaining the situation to the his coworkers to effect a solution
that, at best, is "No harm done".

@_date: 2010-03-20 07:41:25
@_author: eggled@gmail.com 
@_subject: Secure unattended decryption 
Maybe I'm doing it wrong, but all I see are patents and research
projects ongoing at IBM.  That tells me that nobody has solved this
problem sufficiently.  When you use a block cipher on billions of
blocks, there is no way to rekey the database without decrypting and
re-encrypting all those blocks. If you've solved it, why don't you go
talk to IBM or Sun - they'd be very interested to hear how to quickly
rekey a block-encrypted file spanning multiple terabytes. There might be
some money in it for you.

@_date: 2010-03-23 12:11:15
@_author: eggled@gmail.com 
@_subject: PHP website 
php is probably running as a different user.
Try running system("id -u") or system("whoami") and compare that to the
output from your login.
You will probably need to create a keyring for whichever user owns the
php process and fetch the necessary keys to encrypt the data.

@_date: 2010-05-25 12:22:25
@_author: Daniel Eggleston 
@_subject: gpg output to a filename ending with .pgp 
--output=file.pgp outputs correctly for me:
eggled at pokeserver ~ $ gpg -e -a -r eggled at gmail.com --yes --output=file.pgp
This is some data
eggled at pokeserver ~ $ cat file.pgp

@_date: 2010-05-30 06:28:13
@_author: Daniel Eggleston 
@_subject: ...key belongs to ... 
You got that it's already signed because it's self signed. Your error
is akin to the message a web browser gives you when the site has a
self-signed certificate. There is no guarantee that the certificate
comes from the entity it says it does.  i.e. you have nothing but the
"word" of the certificate confirming its identity.
You need to go into the account performing the encryption, import the
public key in question if you haven't already, and sign it *there*.
Basically, confirming to gpg that you have independently verified this
key and know it to be valid.
