
@_date: 2003-03-19 05:55:02
@_author: Elf Spice 
@_subject: gnupg and hushmail, and deleting keys/revoking 
Hello people,
I'm new to using gnupg, at least in the form I am now using. I am running windows xp (sp1) and mozilla 1.3 (yay) and enigmail.
I have gone to hushtools.com and retrieved public keys for users I correspond with who use hushmail, as I want to use gnupg instead of having to use the java husmail client, which is much less convenient.
I imported the keys using enigmail's import functions, but for some reason it isn't allowing me to encrypt mail to these keys. the error is:
c:\\gnupg\\gpg.exe --batch --no-tty --status-fd 2 --comment 'Using GnuPG with Mozilla -  -a -e -s --always-trust --encrypt-to  -r  -u  --passphrase-fd 0
gpg::skipped: public key not found
gpg: [stdin]: sign+encrypt failed: public key not found
I am having no problems encrypting on the other end via my perfectlyprivate hushmail account, after exporting my keys to it. I couldn't get that to work at first either because i have two keys to the same email address, one i created on the commandline and the other created by enigmail. I got them separated by posting the exported keys on  and searched and found I'd actually submitted two keys, which I had no idea I'd done.
How do I get it to use the keys it has already imported for these hushmail accounts, how do I revoke a key with keyserver.net (and if anyone knows, hushmail) and how do I delete the key after I revoke it?

@_date: 2003-03-19 10:13:02
@_author: Elf Spice 
@_subject: dang 
I checked my hushmail (perfectlyprivate) account, and sadly, it won't
decrypt it.
so the tweak means nothing.
I'll email hushmail about this problem

@_date: 2003-03-19 10:32:01
@_author: Elf Spice 
@_subject: a tweak of enigmail.js to get it to work with gpg 1.2.1 and hushmail 
Hash: SHA1
I sent a message with the subject line 'dang' that relates to this
message which was not sent due to being too large as it had a javascript
file attached to it.
This modification of the enigmail.js did not permit the recipient using
hushmail to decrypt the message unfortunately.

@_date: 2003-03-20 00:26:01
@_author: Elf Spice 
@_subject: [Enigmail] Enigmail for Mozilla 1.3 on GNU/Linux 
Hash: SHA1
It does exist, and it does work. Although I installed it on 1.3b and
then upgraded, it was still there. I'd say it should install fine on 1.3
anyway. It's been on  for at least three days.
I did a couple of tweaks to the enigmail.js file to get it to send
encrypted messages that got to hushmail accounts - I'll post it online
so I can just link you to it if you have a need to work with hushmail
users (it's in the components directory inside the mozilla directory, it
is called 'enigmail.js')
I zipped it so your browser wouldn't just try and run it (which I'm not
sure what it would do, though it's probably just a set of library
functions. I'm fairly sure all operating systems have an unzip program
readily available if not preinstalled.
It contains modifications which permit it to encrypt to hushmail keys -
it doesn't seem to like it if there's pointy brackets around the email
addresses when working with hushmail public keys, also I added the
command line option '--disable-mdc' because apparently hushmail doesn't
support mdc.
hope that helps.

@_date: 2003-03-20 01:55:01
@_author: Elf Spice 
@_subject: Gnupg and hushmail 
Hash: SHA1
I used encrypted email much more easily with linux than with windows...
I don't want to use PGP, so it is fortunate that mozilla mail is
starting to become quite a mature application and that it can be
interfaced with gnupg. At the moment this is a tricky process. I only
use hushmail because of just such a person. I'm pestering them to get
some real encryption going...
no, this is not correct. I had to disable mdc to get hushmail to decrypt
mail from my gnupg encryption. Also with enigmail it was neccessary to
get the < and > removed from the commandline around the email addresses
as the hushmail keys wouldn't work with it.
I'm fairly sure that the disabling of mdc will not seriously impact on
the security of the ciphers. hopefully hushmail will support mdc eventually.
I have applied both modifications to my enigmail.js file and I have
posted it as a zip at:
You will need to unzip it and replace the enigmail.js (I'm fairly sure
that this is the platform independent part, but if not, I'm running the
win32 version of mozilla) which you will find in the 'components' folder
inside the place that mozilla is installed.
