
@_date: 2002-02-23 02:31:02
@_author: Emilio Silva 
@_subject: Serpent Support 
1) Are there any plans to include Serpent support in Gnupg ?The large
security margin of the cipher,the conservatism in its design and the good
reputation of the people who created it,assure added value to GnuPG.
2) When conventionally (-c) encrypting using twofish PGP 7.0.3 can´t recognize
the passphrase (wrong passphrase...) ,I added --s2k-digest-algo sha1 (the hash
algorithm used by PGP 7.0.3) and the same happend.Using rijndael,cast5,3des all
works well.What´s the problem?I use GnuPG 1.0.6.
3)Using conventional encryption "the key is derived from the passphrase"(Gnupg
handbook) but the exact procedure is not specified.I get two different encrypted outputs encrypting with the same file,passphrase,options and algorithms.How exactly does this work? (In conventional encryption).
                                Thanks.
Find the best deals on the web at AltaVista Shopping!

@_date: 2002-01-31 02:49:01
@_author: Emilio Silva 
@_subject: cross-platform issues 
I downloaded gnupg-1.0.6.tar.gz from two different (trustable) places over two
different ISP´s (assuring different routes),I signed one and compared against the other.PGP output showed "bad signature" -This was all within MacOS- .Within MacOS
the normal verification (Werner Koch´s signature file) worked well against both
files,also within SuSE-PPC the md5sums worked well against both files.Is this a
cross-platform subtile problem ?This was true with PGP 7.0.3 and PGP 6.5.1.  When I untared gnupg-1.0.6.tar.gz under MacOS with Stuffit Expander and imported
the source directory into SuSE 7.0 I couldn´t compile it ( "no such file or directory" when running ./configure) ,untared under Linux all worked well with exactly the same procedures.Other cross-platform issue?
Also when I want to import SuSEPackage building key (generated with GnuPG),GnuPG
tells me: "no valid OpenPGP data" (I made Copy/Paste from/to InternetExplorer
method with PGP in MacOS ).I didn´t try getting the key from the Internet under Linux and Paste it into a Linux text editor .                                   Thank you.  Find the best deals on the web at AltaVista Shopping!
