
@_date: 2004-11-05 04:37:32
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: Should I use S/MIME? 
Hello all,
I just upgraded to Evolution 2.0.2 and there's a new option in the
Security menu to "S/MIME Sign" my mail. Should I use it?
I'd like to help spread Free crypto as widely as possible, so it seems
like increasing compatibility by providing an additional signature would
be a good idea (more signature types == more compatibility == more ease
of use == more people using crypto). However, I don't want to promote a
standard that's closed or patented. What's the consensus in the GPG community?

@_date: 2004-11-09 07:33:32
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: Should I use S/MIME? 
It sounds like the consensus is that the technology itself isn't evil,
but the requirement of having a certificate provided by a certificate
authority places too much control in the hands of one entity, which
could be bad for various reasons. I think I'll stick to straight gpg.
Thanks to all who responded and helped inform me. :)

@_date: 2005-04-10 07:35:46
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: gpg over ssh... (security problem) 
There is a security problem here. The point of not keeping your secret
key on the remote server is that someone could find a way to access
files that are only accessible to your user account on the remote
server. But if someone could access files on the remote server in this
manner (say, by rooting it or cracking your password), that person could
also modify files in your account (say, .bash_profile) so that when you
try to execute a command like:
cat encrypted_file.gpg | ssh me gpg --decrypt |
the remote server instead executes a program, designed by the attacker,
that records your home machine's password as well as your passphrase.
The effect is the same: the attacker would be able to use your private
Nor would it be secure to reverse roles in this situation. Suppose you
wrote a script on your home machine that connects to the remote server,
pulls down the file to be decrypted, decrypts it, sends it back to the
remote server, executes a command on the remote server, and deletes the
decrypted file on the remote server. Then an attacker who has
compromised the remote server could, upon detecting your running this
type of script (by any number of means), could replace the file you
intend to download with any encrypted message to you and could replace
the server-side command you intend to run on the decrypted data with a
command that makes a copy of it somewhere out of the way. The attacker
would not be able to access your private key, but she would be able to
decrypt any chosen piece of your encrypted data.
The only thing you know for certain is that a server that has been
compromised is a server that does whatever an attacker wants it to.
Using a scheme like the proposed one is only marginally better than not
encrypting your data at all. That said, these schemes (in the order
presented) require respectively increasing levels of technical
sophistication on the part of the attacker.

@_date: 2005-04-10 07:35:54
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: potentially serious problem (was Re: WinPT on Windows NT problem) 
I see this as being a potentially serious problem. Please allow me to
One of the most frustrating things for me when I switched from Linux to
Windows, as well as one of the most common frustrations I heard as I
helped other people to do the same, was that installing software on
Windows is a whole lot easier than installing software on Linux, and the
reason is dependencies.
The reason I say that this particular WinPT snarl is a potentially
serious problem is that I'm starting to see this linux "expecting the
user to resolve dependency issues is OK" mentality invade the Windows
desktop space, and by no means just with WinPT (which I love, by the
way). Because Microsoft has done a great job creating a dependable
platform for writing applications, users have gotten used to checking
for Windows 98/Windows XP/Windows Whatever on the outside of the box and
expecting the program to work providing that single criteria is met.
It's ok to list Windows NT 4 as a requirement for running a program, if
that's really the only requirement. It's ok to list Windows NT 4 with
Service Pack 6a as a requirement for running a program, if that's really
the only requirement. It's ok to list Windows NT 4 with Service Pack 6a
and Internet Explorer 5 as a requirement for running a program, if
that's really the only requirement.
It's not ok to list SHELL32.dll v4.32 or later as a requirement for
running a program. This does not mean it's not ok to _have_ SHELL32.dll
v4.32 or later as a requirement for running a program. The difference?
When the software doesn't work right, explaining the specific technical
problem to the average user isn't much use at all. Explaining how to fix
the problem, the easier the fix the better, is good. Making sure the
problem never happens is best.
In order to solve this problem, I propose that:
1. If technically and legally feasable, an appropriate version of
SHELL32.dll and other libraries from which WinPT requires capabilities
not available in the base OS should be bundled with WinPT. This is the
best solution since it works with the least user knowledge and effort
and potentially provides the best compatibility.
2. The download page for WinPT should list the compatible OSs as
"Windows 95(limited)/98/Me/NT with IE x.y or later/2000/XP"
and the installer should detect an intended installation on an
incompatible OS (e.g. NT without IE x.y or later) and prompt the user to
take specific corrective action (e.g. "Please install IE x.y or later
and try to install WinPT again.").
I realize that some people cannot hear "Microsoft has done a great job"
and cannot hear criticism of a FOSS program, the FOSS way of doing
things, or an author of a FOSS program, particularly one who writes
software without compensation, and particularly those as friendly and
helpful as the people who write Gaim*, The GIMP*, and WinPT without
going into "zealot with a flamethrower mode." I can only say that I have
put effort and editing into making my comments and suggestions as
conducive to creating cool, on-topic discussion as I can.
Thank you,
Eric *Both Gaim for Windows after a certain version and The Gimp 2.x require
some specific version of GTK+ 2.x installed system-wide in order to run.
For a very long time, if you tried to install both at the same time
(even considering that new versions of GTK+ 2.x are supposed to be
backwards compatible all the way to 2.0), nastiness insued. At one point
I found a combination of a gtk installer, a Gaim installer, and a Gimp
installer that wouldn't destroy eachother. Champagne was nearly

@_date: 2005-04-10 07:42:17
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: How to create self-extracting executable? (possible solution) 
It's not GPG or PGP, but this might be what you're looking for:

@_date: 2005-04-16 09:18:20
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: XY cromosomas 
There are no hard and fast technical "gpg rules" that specify when you
should and should not sign someone else's key. If you sign a key when
you shouldn't, or if you don't sign a key when you should, the system is
not likely to come crashing down. The very worst that can happen is that
someone will believe that you have bad key signing judgement and decide
to trust you less.
The simple explanation is that when you sign someone's key, you are
saying that the information attached to the key describes the person who
holds the associated secret key. So if the key is associated with the
name "Clare Apellido" or just "Clare" and you know that the key belongs
to someone with that name, you can go ahead and sign the key. If the key
has a photo ID attached, so much the better.

@_date: 2005-04-17 04:51:16
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: PGP or GnuPG 
I'm having a bit of a hard time decyphering your question, but I think I
can answer it to some degree.
Point 9 does NOT mean that another entity (e.g. a business competitor,
system cracker, or government) will be able to decrypt your data if they
have a whole lot of money and you're not using a PGP Corporation
product. In fact, if you use binary programs from an entity like PGP
Corporation instead of open source GPG as part of your security system,
you are MORE vulnerable to this kind of attack.
It would be much easier for a wealthy attacker to pay off or break the
fingers of someone who works for PGP Corporation in order to get a back
door inserted into their software than it would be to do the same with
GPG. The reason is that you can download and examine the source code of
GPG, and then compile this audited code for use in your system.
This is the meaning of point 9 according to my interpretation:
Suppose there's a company called Alice Corporation that has an employee
named Bob. Bob has the only copy of an important document, and it's
encrypted with his key. That means Bob is the only one who can decrypt
this document. Now suppose that Bob loses his key, or refuses to decrypt
the document; this would mean Alice Corporation is in trouble.
One way to guard against this possibility is to keep a backup of Bob's
private key. Then if Bob refuses to decrypt the document or loses his
key, the corporation can still get at it.
The essence of point 9 is that the above is a clumsy solution that
creates a lot of new problems, and that PGP Corporation's software
provides a more refined options for mitigating this risk.
However, you'll notice this passage near the end of point 9:
"PGP Corporation provides solutions that feature patented Additional
Decryption Key (ADK) options [...]"
This should set off alarm bells when you read it for two reasons:
1. When you make the choice to use patented software, you put yourself
in a position to fall victim to vendor lock-in. With sufficient legal
resources, the holder of the patent could prevent other software authors
from creating competing software, thus forcing you to stay with the
original company, even if the costs of staying with that particular
vendor increase and the benefits decrease.
2. When you make the choice to use patented software, especially if you
have to pay for the privilege, you make the statement that you support
software patents. This is bad for everyone.
Now, I should make it plain that I don't know whether or not PGP
Corporation enforces this particular patent to the detriment of the
general public. However, even if it doesn't, it could change its mind in
the future.
Hope some of this helps,

@_date: 2005-04-20 21:47:00
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: Rescue secring 
My sympathy goes out to you. Most people don't back up, probably because
of the disparity between hard drive sizes and backup media; I know I
don't want to make a stack of 40 DVD-Rs every week. Once in a while we
all get bitten.
As for your GPG problem, I can't offer you much help. I remember hearing
about a feature that would help you regenerate your public key from your
private key, but you're going to need your private key in order to do
that. You're probably not going to get your keys back.
As far as generating and passing out a revocation, it's probably not
necessary. All a revocation does is tell poeple who have your key not to
trust any further messages signed by that key, and you're already going
to be able to do that when you start distributing your new public key to
your friends.

@_date: 2005-08-11 00:38:51
@_author: Eric 
@_subject: deluid  //  why no passphrase required ? 
The point of a passphrase is not to ensure data integrity. If someone
has sufficient access to your system, that person could delete your
entire secret keyring (and all of your uids) no matter how gpg
implemented passphrases. secring.gpg is just a file and it can be rm'd.
Adding a uid requires a passphrase because the new uid needs to be
signed, and that requires your secret key. Deleting a uid just means,
more or less, chopping a block of bytes out of secring.gpg.
The passphrase protects your secret key from being used by other
people.

@_date: 2005-08-15 16:49:58
@_author: Eric 
@_subject: Access experimental subpackets of 'User Attribute Packet' 
1. GPG doesn't have any reason to be more vulnerable to this type of
"attack" than any other piece ef software.
It doesn't matter what you put in a supposed pgp public key block and
send to gpg -- gpg should not execute anything inside of it. If gpg does
execute machine code that's been passed to it in a file, it's a bug in
gpg. There may or may not be an undiscovered bug of this type in the
subpacket processing code in gpg.
Perhaps the reason you are concerned about this type of problem is that
you are used to hearing about "code that executes when you view a
malicious Word document" or "a worm that takes over your computer when
you view a specially crafted email using Outlook". Issues like those are
the result of poor application design. In other words, there is nothing
inherent about computers or computer programs that creates an
unavoidable progression from viewing or malipulating something to
executing it.

@_date: 2005-01-21 04:17:01
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: dual signatures 
Hash: SHA1
Every so often on this list there's a discussion about
the two main methods for signing an email: clearsigning
(BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE style) and PGP/MIME (attachment
Personally, I find clearsigning annoying because I use
Evolution which only reads PGP/MIME. Other people find
PGP/MIME annoying since their mail clients only read
clearsigned messages.
Here's a suggestion I haven't seen before: why not sign
both ways? As a test, I'm going to clearsign this message
with gpg before I paste it into evolution's message
window. If it works, you can all enjoy seeing your mail
client not be able to verify my message because I'm not
on your keyring. Clearsign-only clients will ignore the
"extra" meaningless attachment. PGP/MIME-only clients will
verify the clearsigned text (including the "extra" PGP
headers) using the attachment.
Is there a good reason for mail clients not to do this

@_date: 2005-06-03 22:41:42
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: 1er contacto 
Hola Hernan! Me llamo Eric y he tomado clases de espa?ol pero no tengo
mucha experiencia en realidad. Ingl?s es mi primera idioma.
Me gustar?a practicar y especialmente aprender mas palabras que tienen
que ver con seguridad y computadoras. Entonces, si puedo ayudarle con
algo, pregunte!

@_date: 2005-06-03 23:20:26
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: [Fwd: RE: 1er contacto] 
Si le entiendo, lo que usted quiere no est? f?cil hacer. La problema
est? que los documentors pueda ser accedida por ambos SO.
Si su notebook tuviera solamente WinXP, pueda usar el sistema de fichero
"NTFS". Con NTFS pueda mantener ficheros encriptados. Si su notebook
tuviera solamente Linux, pueda usar "DM-Crypt" debajo de su sistema de
fichero (por ejemplo EXT3 o ReiserFS). Con eso, todo del sistema est?
encriptado incluyendo los nombres y fechas de creaci?n de los archivos.
Pero Linux no puede escribir NTFS y WinXP no puede usar EXT3 ni
Personas quien quieren guardar archivos accedida por ambos SO a menudo
usan el sistema FAT32, pero eso no puede hacer encripci?n autom?tica.
Entonces no s? como resolver esta problema f?cilmente. :( Si usted desea documentos encriptados, es posible que usted tendr? que
cifrar cada uno con GPG cada tiempo desear?a usarlo.

@_date: 2005-06-03 23:27:34
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: cross-OS transparent encryption 
The spanish thread on the list right now is revolving around the problem
of sharing encrypted data between WinXP and Linux. The original poster
wants to share a read/write partition between the two OSs on a laptop
and have transparent encryption of the files on that partition. I said that NTFS will do this (windows only) as well as dm-crypt (linux
only), but I'm stumped as far as cross-platform solutions with
compatible on-disk formats. The only suggestion I could offer was to use
FAT32 and manually encrypt and decrypt the files before using them
(yuck). Any non-spanish-speakers have suggestions?

@_date: 2005-06-04 12:26:37
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: [Fwd: RE: 1er contacto] 
Pregunt? en Ingl?s y Zeljko Vrba sugiri? "BestCrypt". No est? software
libre y no est? grat?z, pero me parece que puede hacer que usted quiere.

@_date: 2005-06-04 18:59:16
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: cross-OS transparent encryption 
He's already doing this. Now he wants his system to automatically
encrypt every file before it's written to that partition, and decrypt
every file every time an application tries to read it in either OS.
DM-Crypt does this for Linux, and NTFS has this capability in windows,
but AFAIK there's no cross-platform solution. Linux doesn't have NTFS
write support (let alone NTFS encryption support) and Windows certainly
won't touch a DM-Crypt'd partition.
Someone else suggested Bestcrypt and I passed that on, but it's neither
Free software nor freeware.

@_date: 2005-06-05 06:50:27
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: formatting partitions with two filesystems 
Someone emailed me rather than the list about a post I made regarding
transparently encrypting filesystems. Due to a bug I just discovered in
my mail client (Evolution 2.0.4) it would be a hassle to reply to that
message. However, that person is on the list, so here is my reply:
It is not possible for a partition to contain two separate filesystems
simultaneously, at least in a way that allows two different OSs with no
filesystems in common to share data. It is probably impossible to create
even a useless partition that is formatted with two filesystems
FAT32 serves this purpose well enough for sharing unencrypted data
between linux and windows, although, as a side note, I hardly think this
is an excuse for the vast array of poorly implemented NTFS drivers for
linux and ext2/3 drivers for windows. What a mess!
Even if a partition could somehow be treated as an ext3 filesystem and a
FAT32 filesystem at the same time, it would not solve Hernan's problem
because he requires transparent encryption from two OSs operating on a
shared data storage area.

@_date: 2005-06-08 01:35:34
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: cross-OS transparent encryption 
I would be surprised if there were a way to get windows to use a
dm-crypted partition. And Windows has the ability to use an encrypted
filesystem, but unless the quality of the NTFS driver has improved
dramatically, I don't think there's a way to use it from Linux.

@_date: 2005-06-08 21:56:20
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: encryption ransom virus (was Re: cross-OS transparent encryption) 
The old NTFS driver may have caused problems when partitions were
mounted read-write. However, the new NTFS driver doesn't do that. Unless
you set a configuration option when the driver is compiled, the driver
will not write to the partition even if the kernel tries to mount it R/W
and the user has correct permissions. When the writable flag is enabled
during compilation, the driver enables OVERWRITE support, which is not
the same thing as write support. Overwrite support is supposed to be
completely safe, but it's not nearly as useful as actual write support
in most cases.
But that's not what this thread is about. There are plenty of web pages
out there describing all the details of how to (try to) get windows and
linux to share information, and some of the methods work well enough.
The original poster wanted transparent encryption that's compatible with
both OSs, and AFAIK software isn't currently mature enough to support
that. It would require huge advances in the NTFS driver, a version of
DM-Crypt for windows, or something completely new.
Unless there's some other option out there that hasn't already been
mentioned, in which case I think a lot of people would be interested,
particularly Hernan and me.
That's a pretty obnoxious virus, judging from the description. Still,
there's something odd about the phrase "illegal use of encryption". I'm
going to have to think more about that.

@_date: 2005-06-14 14:03:53
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: ftp.gnupg.org down? 
I can connect, but I can't get any sort of login prompt. +1 data point.
And just when I think I've seen it all, OSS manages to surprise me
again. ;)

@_date: 2005-05-11 23:40:37
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: [PGP-USERS] PGP Desktop Home - Cost of upgrade 
IIRC, the source to PGP is available, but only for "peer review"
purposes. The license prohibits compiling your own PGP binaries. I might
be wrong. It's been a long time since I've read the license.
I played with the PGP Desktop trials a while ago, and I have to say that
it was a whole lot easier to use than GPG. I don't think I'd encourage
people to use PGP, though.

@_date: 2005-05-26 10:23:33
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: Minnesota court takes dim view of encryption 
That bit from the article appears to disagree with, or at least highly
exaggerate, what it says later on:
        Levie's conviction was based on the in-person testimony of the
        girl who said she was paid to pose nude, coupled with the
        history of searches for "Lolitas" in Levie's Web browser.
I think this is the core of the decision:
        Ari David Levie [...] argued on appeal that the PGP encryption
        utility on his computer was irrelevant and should not have been
        admitted as evidence during his trial.
        [...]
        "We find that evidence of appellant's Internet use and the
        existence of an encryption program on his computer was at least
        somewhat relevant to the state's case against him," Judge R.A.
        Randall wrote in an opinion dated May 3.
It sounds like they're arguing over whether or not the prosecution is
allowed to tell the jury that Levie had cryptography software on his
computer, rather than whether or not that fact "may be used as evidence
of criminal intent." Then again, I'm not a lawyer.
Here's my favorite part:
        The court didn't say [...] how it would view the use of standard
        software like OS X's FileVault.
I think that's the clearest, most compact set of instructions for
success to the cryptography community I've ever seen. Right now, the use
of crytpography by regular desktop users is almost so uncommon that
someone who has an encryption program or who transfers encrypted data
might as well be shouting out, "I'm doing something I don't want other
people to know about."
Cryptographic capabilities must be integrated into every popular OS and
application in such a way as to make it automatic and easy to encrypt
everything, no matter how mundane, from IMs to downloaded device
drivers. Once everyone is doing it, the people who really need privacy
can have it.
At the same time, there's a warning about a conflict between two
important social values. The first is the high priority given to
preserving free speech and, by necessity, anonymous and private speech.
The second is the disapproval directed at people who think, do, or say
certain things that aren't a component of "normal" behavior.
Both values have their place, but the cryptography promoter must take
care to note that while "preserving free speech in all its forms" and
"preventing people from posessing or trading child pornography" are
mutually exclusive goals, "preserving free speech in all its forms" and
"prosecuting sexual abuse" are certainly not.
My two bits,

@_date: 2005-05-27 11:48:20
@_author: Erpo 
@_subject: Choice of Algorithm 
Unless you really know what you're doing, go with the default.
It helps to have multiple algorithms in that there is a backup if one of
them is broken. ElGamal isn't used for signing because DSA is The

@_date: 2005-10-07 10:14:38
@_author: Eric 
@_subject: partition encryption? 
It's not easy to do this, and I don't think it will get any easier any
time soon. The best solution I know of is a product called BestCrypt
( BestCrypt costs money and AFAIK you can't get the
source code so there's no way to be sure it's secure.

@_date: 2005-10-14 06:43:19
@_author: Eric 
@_subject: Bogus Key on Keyservers 
You can't. That's like asking how you can stop other people from
printing out badges that say "I am Tad Marko" and pinning them to their
Besides, if you could do that, what would stop someone else from
deleting YOUR key off of the keyserver or flagging THEIR key as the real
Tad Marko?
It sounds like your real concern is how you can stop your friends from
inadventently getting the wrong key and accidentally encrypting messages
to someone pretending to be you.
GPG and PGP don't care about names -- they only care about public keys.
If you want someone to be able to send a message to the right person,
you need to make sure they're encrypting it with the right public key. You do this by telling them your key's signature before they go looking
on the keyserver.

@_date: 2006-02-21 08:14:11
@_author: Eric 
@_subject: file encryption and integrity check 
If you want to check if an encrypted file is corrupted or not, MDC will
do that for you.
If you want to protect the files from physical corruption of the media,
you'll need to use some kind of error correction system.

@_date: 2006-03-22 09:27:51
@_author: Eric 
@_subject: Network Neutrality 
As far as I can tell, Cox stopped sniping bittorrent and gnutella
connections with reset packets the day or the day after I told them that
I'd expose their practices. Maybe they started again afterwards. Or
maybe they only stopped corrupting my and my friends' traffic.
If encrypting your connections gives a speed boost, then maybe some more
investigating needs to be done.
I doubt it. Provided that bittorrent end to end encryption means
something akin to Diffie-Hellman key exchange at the start of each
connection, there are two ways "around" this, that I can think of, both
of which suck for Cox:
1. Content-based whitelisting, meaning you can't make any kind of
connection in or out unless Cox can identify the type of traffic by its
If Cox can't determine the content of the connection because it's
encrypted and Cox has not broken the encryption, then Cox terminates the
connection. This would mean lots of work for Cox, and lots of support
calls from lots of unhappy customers ("My streaming video never works!"
"I'm sorry, but we haven't programmed our systems to track all of your
streaming video viewing yet. You'll have to wait.").
2. A man in the middle attack, meaning Cox decides to break the
encryption, which is a mostly straightforward process in this case. This
creates several interesting problems. The first is that Cox would have to attempt such an attack on each
unidentifiable connection ("Oh, that's not HTTP. Better mess with it.").
The result would be that any connection using a protocol that Cox's
system isn't set up to interpret and that is NOT using bittorrent end to
end encryption (think multiplayer games, NFS, whatever) would almost
certainly be corrupted. This is maybe worse for the end user than
whitelisting. The second is that provided Cox wants to keep its activities secret (as
seems to be the case so far), it would have to throttle encrypted
bittorrent connections instead of terminating them entirely. That would
mean that a Cox computer would have to participate in each encrypted
connection from start to finish. Let's be conservative and say that
there are 5,000 bittorrent connections in and out of humboldt county via
Cox's network at any given time. Then Cox's servers would have to
perform the encrypting and decrypting work normally parcelled out to
10,000 home PCs continuously.*
There is a neat game to be played here. Suppose that Cox can purchase
enough computing power to do the job (hardware+software+electricity
+maintenance), and that the massive P2P throttling system pays for
itself in bandwidth savings. Then suppose peer to peer developers start
layering symmetric ciphers. Then the CPUs participating in the peer to
peer network will be a little more loaded down, but Cox will need a much
larger throttle farm to do the job. Will P2P users not be able to
participate in the network because they don't have fast enough computers
to do all the encryption? Or will Cox decide that the throttle farm
costs more to operate than they are saving in bandwidth? Who will give
up first?
