
@_date: 2002-10-23 15:47:02
@_author: Eric S. Johansson 
@_subject: E-Mail Encryption: Why Isn't Everyone Doing It? 
that's not an entirely fair answer.  Phone encryption isn't done because people have an unrealistic expectation of privacy.  Same is true of postal mail; it's an envelope, it can't be easily snooped.  e-mail is perceived as being hard to read on the wire because the end-user can't see it except with their e-mail client.
I've often thought it would be "amusing" to capture e-mails in transit to make them visible via a Web interface.  Obviously one would need a very good lawyer and plenty of $$ to defend yourself but it would get the point across about e-mail not being private.
Now, more directly to Carl's question:
1) user interface sucks
2) users will barely tolerate a single password and a pass phrase is just plain rejected
3) it's not integrated into the client delivered by the ISP
4) it's too much like work to dig up keys of the other person
5) the user interface still sucks
I'm encountering similar problems with the camram antispam system.  I'm trying to figure out how to train system without letting the user know that they're the training system.  It's a challenge getting the user to do anything different.
As part of the camram system, I'm trying to address some of the encrypted e-mail in transit issues.  For example, I will be propagating public keys as part of every message.  I'm going to ignore the whole key server infrastructure because it just won't scale (think one public key per user per year, no revocation).
The next sacred cow to be slaughtered is I will not require any passphrases.  Yes, if an attacker gets in and steals the private key, they can cause all sorts of mischief.  The chances of the happening are extremely low especially if we generate new keys on a regular basis.
there will be no user interface for the encryption system.  It will all work in the background.  well, maybe there will be a geek/tinkerers user interface but 99 percent of the users will ignore it.
now, nothing I'm doing will stop you from running the ugly-interface, hard-to-use encryption system of today.  but for the vast majority of users, the system I'm working on will probably be good enough.  Yes, it has certain weaknesses (mitm, unprotected private keys) but that's OK. If we can come up with a way to fix these problems without requiring the naive user to change how they work, then so much the better.  The important thing is that the amount of encrypted traffic on the net would go up and it would be indistinguishable from encrypted traffic using the proper protocols.

@_date: 2002-09-14 04:52:02
@_author: Eric S. Johansson 
@_subject: camram related question 
camram is in antispam system based on adding a proof of work postage stamp (hashcash) to mail messages.  If you want the full spiel, go to  or e-mail me directly please.
Proof of work postage stamps have a variety of problems not the least of which is the human factors issue of convincing people to sit and wait while their machine calculates one stamp for every recipient.  As a result, we would like to automatically transition user from hashcash based stamps to a PGP compatible signature based stamp.
To this end, we would like to propagate public keys by embedding them in every mail message containing a hashcash stamp.  We considered and rejected indirect distribution mechanisms for a variety of reasons but primarily because these keys are going to be generated (hopefully) in large numbers and are effectively disposable.
I would like to find out if I can generate ASCII armored keys that are just keys.  No web of Trust or any of the other overhead.
I would also like to know where the key rings breakdown in terms of size and how can one query them to see if a key is present matching a specific e-mail address.
Thanks in advance for any replies
