
@_date: 2016-04-01 17:03:41
@_author: Eva Bouwman (renee 
@_subject: Translate to dutch 
No idea how to reach the one able to answer my question, it is not my intention to post to the mailing list, but I have no idea how to get in contact otherwise.
I recently started using KDE-mint and right now I am reading about
implementing safety to my system.
I think it is important to share your knowledge with "average-pc-users" in
what you are doing and why. That's why I thought while I am reading your
documents I can start to translate them into Dutch, is this something you
would like to receive?
I got inspired with my parents in mind, reading and understanding English
is a big issue for them and I would like to start documenting an easy to
understand start-up document, which explains why and how its working with a
how to implement. Is there any preference from your point of view in where
to start, what document you would like to be translated?
Please let me know, I am not able to support you financially but this is
something I can do, to share the importance of your knowledge and
application to the Dutch understanding online.
Kind regards,
Eva Bouwman

@_date: 2016-04-02 09:55:05
@_author: Eva Bouwman 
@_subject: Translate to dutch 
I will start where Dashamir suggested , I will also try to connect to the Dutch community regarding translating.
Personally I tend to agree with Julian. My idea was not to write a OS dependent document, in my opinion the target audience will be narrowed down. I think that is a pity, because of the message you are sending is a important one. Before I got in touch I started with the mini-how-to and my intention was to send it to you so it could be posted as one of the available languages, but it needs a little more explaining from keywords, like encryption and keys how does it work. That's why I asked your input in where to start and if you are interested to post it on your website.
So far my input, always open for feedback and a different approach.
Regards Eva Op zaterdag 2 april 2016 00:27:03 schreef Ineiev:
