
@_date: 2010-08-04 18:35:59
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 4 August 2010 at 1:51:50 AM, in
It works for the encrypted mailing list PGPNET
Hardly "big," usually about 30-40 members.
PGPNET messages are encrypted to the keys of all current members.
Before you joined and after you left, they do not encrypt to your key.

@_date: 2010-08-04 18:45:23
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 4 August 2010 at 12:55:31 PM, in
Come to that, on a mailing list each member could be sent a copy with
the session key encrypted only to their key. For archives, maybe users
could authenticate their key with some sort of challenge-response
setup and then the server could supply a copy of the required messages
encrypted (on the fly) to their key. I guess that would be possible,
rather than practical?

@_date: 2010-08-05 00:12:59
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 4 August 2010 at 6:57:57 PM, in
In a business-critical setting where it is very important that such
things "just work" and do so effiently, this model undoubtedly would
fall considerably short of the mark. In a friendly, social forum like
PGPNET, I would characterise these "very big problems" more as minor
issues and/or learning opportunities.
It's really no big deal, just a case of adding/deleting a key in your
encryption list each time a new person joins/leaves/changes their key.
For those who don't want to "manage" it themselves, shortly after any
change one of the moderators posts a list of members and their key
IDs to the group's file area, along with an asc file containing all
the members' keys; sometimes this may happen a couple of times in a
week but more often it's well over a month. And twice a year there's a
month-long "roll-call" - anybody who doesn't post in that month is
removed from the group.
There is a certain amount of that, obviously. Some people use more
than one system and forget to update them all, or update their
installation and break something. Or come back from vacation and post
messages before spotting there are new members. But it's not as much
of an issue as you might expect. Remember, the communications are
neither urgent nor important.
Some time back, the head count on PGPNET was in the mid-high 40s and
there were more issues. The inevitable increase in instances of human
error, plus I also think I recall some people's software would fail to
reliably encrypt to that many keys - not report any errors, just send
the message encrypted to a subset of the keys.
Maybe the issue is that he was getting them to do it, rather than them
choosing of their own volition. Some new members on PGPNET seem to
have great difficulties; they overcome them or give up. Most are able
to master it fairly quickly, with help and guidance from existing
members as requested.

@_date: 2010-08-05 01:38:47
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: recieving/updating Public Keys from SKS keyserver to pubring.gpg 
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 4 August 2010 at 8:14:16 AM, in
, Prasanth Thandra
Not quite right, but Faramir has already addressed this point.
It would be the usual way to download keys from the server as needed.
If all the keys on your local server have a common string in the
user-id, this would be trivial. Let's assume the common string is
" and try issuing the command
gpg --keyserver hkp://localhost --recv-key Doesn't that fetch all keys on that server containing that string?
Or maybe "gpg --fetch-keys hkp://localhost" might do it?
Put the required commands in a batch file and schedule it to be run
periodically, perhaps?
"--auto-key-locate [parameters]" could be used to fetch new keys as
needed, rather than as soon as posted to the server

@_date: 2010-08-05 19:00:16
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 5 August 2010 at 1:57:08 AM, in
, Robert J.
Interesting. I never considered it like that.
This could be describing almost any social or work-related group!
Definitely not scaleable. A bit like a sports league where each team
plays against every other twice each season - this reaches a limiting
number of participants much quicker than a knock-out competition where
those who lose play no further matches.
Of course; I claim no mandate to speak for anybody else.
I probably under-estimate the amount of churn - partly because few
people actually leave the group rather than just stop posting and get
culled at the next roll-call. It seems unlikely to me that key
management is the major reason people sign up and don't hang around,
since that also happens a lot in non-encrypted groups.
If nothing else, I think it is very relevant to where "not encrypted
to my key" appears on the scale from major problem to minor issue.
Yes, you have made this very clear.
I guess there is a more scalable model of openPGP-encrypted mailing
list. Maybe members could encrypt to a group's key and the list-server
decrypt, then re-encrypt for the members?

@_date: 2010-08-05 19:12:17
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Keypair is expiring. 
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 5 August 2010 at 2:43:49 PM, in
You can extend the life of a subkey (when editing your key, select the
subkey then issue the "expire" command), but I've more often seen
people suggest replacing it.
Yes, the signatures are always on the main key and the subkeys are
bound to the main key. The fact that signatures on the main key may
predate creation of a particular subkey does not matter (as far as I

@_date: 2010-08-07 18:58:09
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 5 August 2010 at 11:32:37 PM, in
Fair enough.
If you have them, could you PM them to me, please? (-;
Whether fully automated or ran on demand, I'm quite surprised *nobody*
was interested. I don't use Thunderbird/Enigmail, so it wouldn't help
me; I make use of jasontik's group line generator to update the group
line in my gpg.conf after roll-calls or after a period of absence from
the group - other than that I just edit that line manually to add or
delete the odd key ID.
I take it the "spam overhead problem" you refer to is things like "not
encrypted to my key" messages?

@_date: 2010-08-07 19:11:25
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Keypair is expiring. 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 6 August 2010 at 3:07:31 PM, in
Yes, this is one of the situations in which the subkey ID stands as an
alias for the primary key ID. FWIW, I tried prepending an exclamation
mark to the subkey ID but it didn't help.

@_date: 2010-08-08 15:49:40
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Saturday 7 August 2010 at 8:59:45 PM, in
Around 28th February to the end of June. (-;
I'm surprised the difference is so large - it doesn't "feel like" that
large a proportion is unencrypted. But that number not encrypted looks
correct if it includes about ten notification messages from Yahoo
about new file uploads, etc.
I have difficulty counting those because my email program is poor at
searching inside encrypted messages. It finds six plaintext, and this
only rises to 13 if I tell it to also look inside encrypted messages;
I know this is a very long way short.
How many of these 22 were within the first week or so?
I find very few messages not encrypted to mine.
That's quite high; I would hope for a significantly better figure if
you calculated it from about a week after you posted your key.
That feels about right (-;
It is. I'm quite surprised at the proportion of unencrypted messages,
and at the proportion of members not encrypting to somebody's key. I
would hope that latter figure dropped significantly if non-encryption
to keys posted within the last week were disregarded.

@_date: 2010-08-08 15:59:12
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Sunday 8 August 2010 at 10:07:25 AM, in
Anybody who engages in DIY will have experienced that!

@_date: 2010-08-09 18:34:53
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Monday 9 August 2010 at 7:30:40 AM, in
Yes, I received that message shortly after posting mine.
I was not disputing...
Actually analysed and noted it down at the time? That's keen.
My rationale was that I would expect the volume of messages not
encrypted to a particular key to be highest before folks had time to
notice it had been posted, and to then reduce to a more uniform level.
I just wondered if the figures would bear this out.
And a total of 12 spread over the fifteen weeks or so in between.
Which proves nothing, of course.
Yes, some people use more than one set-up for their encryption and
don't update everything at the same time. Which is one reason why the
incidence of missing a key from the encryption does not tail off as
much after a few days from it's introduction as might be expected.

@_date: 2010-08-09 18:48:43
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Sunday 8 August 2010 at 5:44:21 PM, in
I worded that very badly. Rather than throwing away data, I was trying
to suggest looking at it in more detail. As a whole from day 1 to day
n, the proportion not encrypted to the key was x. Fine as far as it
goes, but did the figures confirm or refute my expectation that the
proportion would be higher in the first few days and then decline to a
steady level?

@_date: 2010-08-16 18:07:08
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: libkleo.dll can't load within TheBat! or be registered 
Hash: SHA512
On Monday 16 August 2010 at 9:08:12 AM, in
You could also try asking on The Bat! User Discussion List, in case
anybody else has issues when they select "OpenPGP Key Manager" from
the menu. FWIW, TB! manages to open GPGshell's key manager for me
without issue. (I'm guessing you have double-checked the "path to
GnuPG external key manager" is set correctly in TB! at
Options | OpenPGP | OpenPGP Preferences | Files tab.)

@_date: 2010-08-18 17:52:39
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: where is the keyring location in windows XP 
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 18 August 2010 at 6:59:35 AM, in
Mine are at:-

@_date: 2010-08-20 18:47:05
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Adding keys 
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 18 August 2010 at 9:05:58 PM, in
It *can* be done, but that doesn't mean it *should* be done.
See

@_date: 2010-08-26 19:06:31
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Modified user ids and key servers and a possible security risk? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 25 August 2010 at 8:38:44 PM, in
Would the initial set-up have to involve immediately checking the UIDs
and certifications of all keys already on the server?
Could new/updated keys be prioritised, and unchanged pre-existing
keys "processed" in small batches over a long period of time?
Could the checking be restricted to new/updated keys only? Or is that
a non-starter because, in order to preserve the web of trust, you then
want to check the integrety of keys that had already signed the key
that was just updated but have not been updated themselves?

@_date: 2010-12-11 23:22:05
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: multiple subkeys and key transition 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Saturday 11 December 2010 at 7:55:25 PM, in
A question on the subject of SSL/TLS certificates and HTTPS: often
there is no user requirement to "authenticate" the identity of the
server, but rather a simple requirement to prevent snooping; why does
this need a certificate?

@_date: 2010-12-12 02:14:07
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: multiple subkeys and key transition 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Saturday 11 December 2010 at 11:49:23 PM, in
That's a fair point; it depends on the threat model. RFC 5246 says the
authentication is optional, but that completely anonymous connections
only provide protection against passive eavesdropping, and server
authentication is required where active man-in-the-middle attacks are
a concern.
But couldn't a man-in-the-middle server authenticate by presenting the
user's browser with an acceptable certificate signed by a "trusted"
CA? And is a self-signed certificate any more or any less secure in
this scenario?

@_date: 2010-12-12 03:28:21
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: multiple subkeys and key transition 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Sunday 12 December 2010 at 2:15:50 AM, in
I'd be no worse off than if the connection had just been plain vanilla
In the instance that I'm only browsing around on Amazon and not
actually ordering any books at the moment, I would not sign up and
create a username/password. But I might not wish for my ISP to log all
the books I looked at in case the government wanted to know...
Or do I just notice the padlock icon and the yellow addressbar
indicating an encrypted connection?
Since my browser would display a warning about untrusted certificates,
I'd be likely to notice that.
If you provided a cert signed by a CA that my browser trusts, and that
matched your server details so no warning was displayed, I probably
wouldn't notice. (Of course, there are browser add-ons to detect
changes of certificate on previously-visited sites...)
To me, the page where payment details are entered does not look much
like an example of "no user requirement to authenticate the identity
of the server, but rather a simple requirement to prevent snooping."

@_date: 2010-12-12 03:39:51
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: multiple subkeys and key transition 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Sunday 12 December 2010 at 2:53:20 AM, in
And maybe, at times, it's important to governments or criminals that
CAs *do* sign things they shouldn't.

@_date: 2010-02-25 14:24:53
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 25 February 2010 at 3:53:23 AM, in
My point was that not everybody wishes/chooses to send their keys to
the keyservers.
Some people hate the idea and get *very* upset if their key does end
up on the servers.

@_date: 2010-02-26 14:49:00
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
Hi Robert
I thought signing somebody's key was just stating to the world that
you believe the claimed identity of the person who controls that key
at the time you are signing it - not an indication that you are in any
way "associated."

@_date: 2010-02-26 15:53:27
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 25 February 2010 at 6:04:00 PM, in
Fair enough.
There are privacy issues, especially if user-ids on the key contain
email addresses. In some cases, the authorities knowing an individual
used encryption could be a problem. There is the issue of controlling
the image that is portrayed by the signatures on your key.
Of course, if you are signing messages to a public list such as this,
it *is* a good idea to put the key on a server.
Keyservers are certainly good for quick circulation of a key
revocation. Other than that, how the presence of my key on a keyserver
foster the use of encryption when emailing me? It will probably not be
noticed by anybody who doesn't use OpenPGP already.
I apologise for that indiscretion. It was threaded as a reply to my
post on the public list, and it didn't occur to me that it might have
been sent just to me. Sorry if I offended you.
What's not to agree with in my statement that not everybody
wants to put their keys on the keyservers?
Some PGPNET members prefer to use Biglumber, or to post their key on
their own website. Quite a few members use the keyservers, and some
are active in networks such as GSWoT. Some members don't choose to
have their key on the servers, and there was heated discussion some
time back when somebody signed everybody's keys and uploaded them to a

@_date: 2010-02-26 16:23:20
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi Paul
Do many people check the keyservers for a possible key when they
contact somebody they have not emailed before?
Or upload a key with no email address in the user-id. If you use
multiple email addresses and change them regularly, this is simplest.
Of course, some mail apps use the email address to choose the
encryption key, so some contacts may be inconvenienced by this.
I don't think there is much evidence of spammers harvesting email
addresses from keyservers but you would expect it to happen to an
Use of encryption may put an individual under suspicion of illegal or
subversive activity, or in some places may be illegal itself. Isn't
that a good enough reason to not want a key on a public server showing
your name and/or an email address that can be traced to you?

@_date: 2010-02-26 17:38:52
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi Robert
I am *not* advocating the implementation of any form of
Digital Restrictions Malware (DRM).
Uploading a somebody else's key without first checking it is OK by
them is a breach of their privacy and could well be illegal/unlawful
in jurisdictions with data protection legislation (for example, if a
company published a customer's key, showing their name and/or email
address, to a server).
I don't see the connection between DRM and a perfectly proper respect
for individual privacy.
The majority of keys contain an email address in the UID. To me, it is
no more acceptable to publish somebody's email address without their
permission than it would be to publish their phone number or postal

@_date: 2010-02-26 20:14:47
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi Robert
But if it bears only a slight resemblance to a duck, it is probably
*not* a duck.
I am simply advocating the owner's right to privacy.
Nothing spectacular, nor anything specific to PGP keys.
I have not knowingly advocated anything so extreme.
The reasonable expectation that somebody will extend the common
courtesy of checking with the owner before publishing their key falls
somewhat short of the owner having total control over their key.
The term "ORCON" reminds me of a 1970s TV programme about an alien.
I am not advocating that at all.
I see the merit of a system that only allowed the key owner to publish
the key to a server. How this could reasonably be achieved is not
clear to me. And was not what I was discussing here.
Typical of a government to be ultra-secretive about the wrong things.
You would think trust in electronic voting systems would flow from
transparency, not secrecy. How can the voters have confidence that the
system cannot be manipulated by those running it?
I think the inner secrets of how electronic voting machines work
should be open-source and available for peer-review.
I think personally-identifiable information, including an individual's
openPGP key, should not be made public without the consent of the
I think it is reasonable to expect the recipient to know that it says
"PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK." I don't see any reason why they would split
the words and interpret each one as a standalone; if people do that,
I'm waiting to hear from those who think the key can't be used with
GPG, it will open a door or start a car, and that if they had a pile
of them they could build a wall. (-;
The use of the word "public" in the descriptor "public key" was an
unfortunate choice if people are going to interpret things in that
I think it is a reasonable expectation that the key owner would have
uploaded their key to the keyservers themselves if they wanted it to
be there. If the key is not already on the servers, that is a pretty
strong indicator that the key owner wants it that way.
I don't understand your comment. It's not unlawful for the individual
to share their own information. It would be unlawful for the recipient
of that information to share it with others without consent from the
individual, or to keep it for longer than reasonably necessary, or to
use it for any purpose other than what the customer was told it would
be used for. So, the merchant told the customer he would communicate
by encrypted email if the customer supplied their public key. The
customer was not told the merchant would upload the key to a server;
if the merchant did upload it, the merchant would have acted
I was thinking maybe you might explain to me the connection you draw
between DRM and respecting individual privacy, since I do not see one.
It would appear I have offended you; for that I am very sorry.

@_date: 2010-02-26 21:03:14
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi Grant
Yes, for example in GPGshell, "Send to Key-server" and "Update from
Key-server" are adjacent context menu items. And the submenus that
they generate are almost identical, so it is easy to not spot if you
have clicked the wrong one.
I also would prefer it if GPG itself asked for confirmation of action
(including displaying the key-ID and user-IDs) for the --send-keys
command, with the assumption of "no" unless you typed "y"
But you may still wish they didn't and couldn't (-;
Yes, unfortunately.
Not including your name or your email address in the UID offers
protection against the accidental upload scenario. But somebody could
still generate a key with a UID suggesting nefarious activities, sign
your key with it, and upload it. Or their UID could simply identify
whose was the key with the obfuscated UID.

@_date: 2010-02-26 21:10:41
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 26 February 2010 at 8:39:07 PM, in
, David Shaw
Would there not be some merit in honouring the flag by (at least)
giving an extra warning to answer if you execute --send-keys to upload
a key with that bit set?

@_date: 2010-02-26 21:40:14
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi David
This is an example of what I meant:-
Somebody met me once, briefly. They showed me a genuine-looking
passport that didn't look as if it had been tampered with, they looked
like the photo in the passport (though, hopefully, less ill!), and the
name in the passport matched the UID on the key.
My signature says I believe this person has the name they claim to
have. Nothing more and nothing less.
I would not consider myself to be "associated" with this person,
although I concede that my signature on their key associates us in the
web of trust.

@_date: 2010-02-27 00:30:21
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi David
No impact on the web of trust. But your online presence (and possibly
that of somebody else with the same name) can feed into decisions
about employing you or doing business with you, often/usually made by
people who don't actually understand the information they find.

@_date: 2010-02-27 03:52:02
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
Hi Robert
Actually, I am asserting that the public key is likely to contain
personal information appertaining to the person who created that key.
That person is the "data subject."
"Ownership" of personal information is an odd concept. Who "owns" your
date of birth or your bank account number, for example?
The data subject does have various rights concerning the personal
information that is about him.
In many cases, yes. I've given an example in an earlier message in
this thread of "legally wrong." As for morality, sharing somebody's personal information in violation of their wishes is, at best, a breach of trust.
It would probably be difficult to talk about violation of Data
Protection laws and principles without also talking about the right to
I was not aware that the MPAA had anything to do with safeguarding
people's personal information.
Reasonable or otherwise, expecting that somebody will check with you
first does not amount to your having "total control," IMHO.
We are discussing two things here: the public key itself and the
personal information that is often found in the User-IDs on the public
key. Assuming the presence of personal information, depending on the
relationship between the parties involved and the circumstances under
which the key was supplied, there are legal issues to consider. Of
course, one of those legal issues could well be whether the data
subject failed to properly safeguard their own personal information
when they included it in the UID on their key (-; A more difficult question in the absence of personal data. I think -
my opinion only; other opinions are also available - that if somebody
chooses not to use the keyservers, that is their choice and they
should not be forced to use them. (A bit like not being forced to have
your phone number listed in the phone book.) You would need to ask the key owner. The key does not remain in
perpetuity on the PGP directory, for a start, and UIDs are removed if
you don't reply to confirmation emails every few months. These
substantial differences could well lead to somebody wishing their key
to be on one and not the other. Alternatively, they may prefer to share it directly, to distribute it
from an email auto-responder, to post it on their own website, to post
it on BigLumber, or whatever. They might indicate this preference in
their email headers or signature, in the comment field at the top of
messages, in a signature notation...
Sharing the key widely does not have to include the use of keyservers.
OK, you got me.
My use of the phrase "in some places may be illegal" in Message-ID <205633239.20100226162320 at my_localhost> earlier in the thread indicates I am not talking about "universally-applicable law," whatever that might be. My "qualification" is through experience and research both as a consumer forced to deal with such issues and through being required to handle customers' personal information in compliance with the relevant legal requirements. I have made no claim to be an "expert" and would not expect anybody to
accept the words of an anonymous stranger without doing a modicum of
their own research.
Specifically, I was referring to UK law, although equivalent
safeguards are in place in every country in the EU and the EEA.
Similar principles are applied in the laws of many other countries.
References include:- And Google or similar will find you many more.

@_date: 2010-02-27 04:55:07
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 26 February 2010 at 5:04:36 PM, in
Maybe not but there is a perceived need, as evidenced by services like
spamgourmet and all the disposable email address outfits
In any case, I've never seen a convincing argument *for* including
email addresses in the UID of a PGP key.
OK, as a reason not to upload somebody's key to a server without their
consent, this was poor. I suspect an individual in those circumstances
would take great care that whoever had their key knew to keep it
Well, now you put it that way...
If their key lived at their own website or on an email responder, for
example, you could still do this - except the note of the fingerprint
and key-id would also need to contain a URL.
OK OK, the post I was replying to when I started this stated "It is
also a good idea to send your key to the keyservers." I do not see
this statement as any kind of self-evident truth, yet I have been
thoroughly taken to task for questioning it. The keyservers are just
one of the platforms available for disseminating your key. What makes
them the *best* platform? Nothing in this thread so far has convinced
me of their supremacy.
I would no more deliberately publish somebody's key without their
consent than I would pass on their phone number or address. I would
expect that to be normal, without the need to persuade anybody.

@_date: 2010-02-27 19:21:06
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Saturday 27 February 2010 at 6:11:29 AM, in
Point taken.
I have always been taught to challenge the status quo. "Because that's
the way we do it" is *never* a good reason to continue doing something
in a particular way.
I understand that showing your email address in the UID makes it
easier for people to find your key, the perceived advantage being that
this makes it more likely you will receive encrypted mail. My
contention is that the de facto standard of revealing email addresses
in key UIDs could actually be mitigating *against* the use of
encrypted mail, by discouraging people from publishing keys or even
from using openPGP in the first place.
There is a widespread perception (rightly or wrongly) that exposing
your email address publicly on the internet will lead to that email
address being spammed into oblivion. The new openPGP user is exhorted
to create a key pair using their name and email address as the UID,
and to upload this key to a server. That advice, coupled with the
default configuration's enforcement of including an email address (or
something that appears to be one) clearly has the potential to scare
potential users from experimenting with openPGP in the first place.
Because you suggested in an earlier post in this thread that it was
somehow acceptable to publish somebody's key to a server without their
consent. To me, wantonly publishing other people's contact details
appears contrary to the desire to protect personal privacy.
I don't want such a vote. Whether somebody chooses to include an email
address in their UID is up to the individual. I have not seen anything
that convinces me it is better for me to include one.
Because by hosting it yourself, you have control over what signatures
and UIDs appear on the published key. Or is that just an illusion?
Many of the replies I've read in this thread have that character.
Others have tended more towards criticising me for holding a different
opinion and/or dismissing anything I said. Maybe I'm just being
over-sensitive, but I got the impression I had touched some raw nerves
somewhere along the way.
The collective response on this thread has indeed debunked a few myths
for me. The main issue I'll never be converted on is the potential
privacy problem of publishing somebody else's key to the servers.
If I was able to show that, those who need/want such privacy would be
making a poor job of trying to enforce it. I don't care how many users
this affects. For me, what matters is that any key I encounter *could*
relate to one of them.
Whoever's details may on a key (or in the body of an email, or
anywhere else), I have no business publishing them.
True. I only mentioned it because a contact experienced business
problems as a result of this.
Echelon. Records from ISPs. Traffic analysis...
Spam was one of my initial concerns, so I created a key containing my
name and a real email address that I actually do use. That key has sat
at BigLumber for over 5 years and on the keyservers for about three
years. That address generally attracts 2-3 spam messages a month. The
only messages encrypted to that key have been when I requested Login
tokens from BigLumber.
That is a very different statement to the one you made a few lines up;
changing "keys" to "your key" resolves the privacy problem of
exposing other people's contact details.
I think that rather than just bald exhortation to use the keyservers,
people could usefully be pointed to a discussion of the pros and cons
so that they can make an informed choice. I would also welcome an end
to the presumption that people will want to include their email
address in their UID.

@_date: 2010-02-27 20:39:57
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Saturday 27 February 2010 at 4:22:27 PM, in
As the thread has progressed, the posts I'm replying to have shifted
from "It is a good idea to send your key to the keyservers," to an
assertion that it's also a good idea to publish other people's keys
whether they want them published or not.
That is exactly what I am saying. Most peoples keys contain personal
contact details and the decision to place that information in the
public domain rests solely with the person whose details they are.
Pretty much, yes. Not forgetting the possible legal implications under
data protection legislation in the EU and other places.
I don't think it is bad advice when put like that. Maybe the person
being advised could be pointed to a summary discussion of pros and
cons, and of alternatives to keyservers - but that would probably be
information overload.
It is definitely good advice to bear in mind that your key may well
end up on a keyserver whether you want it to or not. That will feed
into the decision of what information to include in your UIDs.
I find the attitude that it is OK to publicise somebody else's details
without consent abhorrent, and suggestive of a disregard for other
people's privacy.
Given the importance of personal privacy, it seems to me that it's too
easy to accidentally upload the wrong key to a server. I'm not sure if
anything could usefully be changed to address this; even if people
read confirmations before pressing "y" when using GnuPG, such mistakes
are all-too-easy in other packages and front-ends as well.

@_date: 2010-02-27 20:51:45
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key generation: email-address necessary? 
Hash: SHA512
Hi Martin
I use The Bat! which matches on email address only. If there is more
than one match, earlier versions of The Bat! pick one to use whilst
later versions allow the user to choose. If there is no match, the
encryption fails. This can be overcome by creating a group in
gpg.conf, named as the email address and containing the key ID for
that email address.

@_date: 2010-02-27 21:03:44
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi Robert
And whist you have stated that you check first, you have advocated
that it's OK not to. Somebody following your advice could land this
hypothetical Cuban in a whole lot of trouble.

@_date: 2010-02-27 21:28:18
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: OFF LIST 
Hi Charly
Farimir has just posted on PGPNET that he is fine, his house resisted the quake, his family are OK. Phones down so he has been unable to contact some friends.

@_date: 2010-02-28 04:33:42
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi Robert
Otherwise stated (with a deal of wisdom) as "if it ain't broke, don't
fix it.
Firstly, it seems unlikely I have presented any new ideas.
Secondly, that does not look like a reason to resist reanalysing the
status quo.
But not new to you. After I wrote on here, I found
 which hypothesised
essentially the same issue and proposed one possible solution.
I have no idea how I could conduct a survey to answer that question.
If you know, please advise me.
A change to *not* telling new users they should publish their email
addresses would be expected to give some clues as to the validity of
this theory.
Personal privacy is a major concern, in this age where governments and
companies constantly seek to undermine it. Else, governments would not
have been forced to make concessions such as introducing privacy and
data protection laws.
Specifically on the subject of concern over email addresses on PGP
keyservers, I have been able to find the thread I linked to above and
nothing else. You could hypothesise that there is no such concern,
that I have consistently used inadequate search terms over several
years, that people who are concerned about this do not adopt openPGP,
that people who adopt openPGP quickly realise this is not a concern,
or probably a dozen other things.
More broadly, there are any number of sources discussing concern about
exposing your email address publicly on the internet.
I'm sure anybody reading this can find multiple examples where speculation
has informed progress.
Would making it clear that including an email address was not
compulsory (but encouraged for anybody who felt comfortable including
one) increase the take-up of openPGP?
Would removing your shotgun prevent a would-be murderer from killing
Usually, the only way to establish if something *really* was an
impediment to people adopting a particular course of action is to
remove that could-be impediment, and make sure everybody knows you
Our opinions differ, but I do not see addressing legitimate concerns
about email security as "chasing ghosts."
Six quotes below, unless I've made a mistake, all are from yourself.
Whilst none includes the word "acceptable," each indicates that
'If someone asks me nicely, "please do not upload this key," I will
probably say yes. But it is a *huge* leap to go from there to "do not
upload keys without the owners' permission."'
'The key says "public" right at the very top, and I think it's
unreasonable to expect people to infer that it means "no, don't share
it." This is why the burden is on the key provider: if you don't want
the key shared, you have to explicitly tell someone about it. If you
don't tell someone about it, they are allowed to think the phrase
"public" means just that.'
'You've denied that the person who created the key owns the
information on the key. In that case, the person who created the key
has no legal or moral right to control how that information is used.'
'However, he also seems to be advocating the advice of "generally
speaking, it's a good idea to put keys on the keyservers" be changed
to "generally speaking, it's not a good idea to share public keys
without the key owner's explicit permission." This is a pretty big
change in the conventional wisdom. Before I'll sign on to that I'll
have to see some strong reasoning, and I haven't.'
'For myself, I do not send keys up to servers without first checking
it with the recipient. This seems like good manners to me. However, I
don't view it as mandatory and I don't think we should view it as the
appalling breach of morality that MFPA seems to.'
'I'm going to follow the community practice of sharing keys widely,
unless there are compelling reasons to do otherwise.'
Kind of "let's agree to disagree?"
Or "we seem to be running out of arguments?"
I don't think that says the lack of evidence constitutes evidence.
Rather, I think it indicates a legitimate reason why evidence cannot
be brought to bear.
How is it impractical or destructive to treat everybody's privacy
seriously on the grounds that, just occasionally, it might *really*
That is exactly what I am saying. Neutral for a million but
destructive for one, so let's all protect the one.
Perfection is usually unattainable. That is no reason to resist
aspiring to the best that can be achieved.

@_date: 2010-02-28 05:50:03
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: key question 
Hash: SHA512
Hi Grant
I don't know; I have not seen any purported volumes ofeither
Even with a "persona" on a forum, the digital signature provides a
measure of reassurance that those posts bearing the same moniker
actually do come from the same person.
I'm not convinced that non-repudiation does go out of the window much
more than for a key claiming to represent a person with a name backed
up by government-issued ID, unless you know more about the person.
Say an individual has a key saying he's John Smith. He's found a few
people he doesn't know, who have checked his passport or driving
licence and signed his key to attest to his identity. He stops using
his key, stops communicating with you and closes the email account. A
very common name; which John Smith was it? Is it much easier to track
a random John Smith than a random MFPA?
I'm not anonymous: I'm MFPA. Various people who know me personally
could attest to that.
For all anybody reading this knows, I could have renounced my previous
identity and now have official ID declaring that I am MFPA.
I wasn't planning to get into a dispute. *If* I said I'll do it, I
will. OK (-;
A message to a mailing list from somebody you do not know who calls
himself MFPA. A message to the same mailing list from somebody I do
not know who calls himself Grant Olsen. Both are signed and the
signature checks both indicate no tampering. In what way does one
digital signature mean less than the other?
Thanks, I think (-:
My posting style, turn of phrase, and opinions suddenly taking a
step-change could be a clue. Although, depending on how I suffered in
the fire, that could happen.
If I used the name John Smith, how would this example be different?
(BTW I'm NOT John Smith)
If you knew me personally, you could.
And as I already said, do you know MFPA's not my legal identity?
There used to be somebody in my town who had officially changed his
name to FREFF. (Never did understand why.)
If you replace each instance of "MFPA" in the above paragraph with
"John Smith," how does it alter the sense of your point?
If your friend, who you have known for decades, asked you to sign their
key, would you check their documents just in case their legal identity
differed from the name you had always known them by? Would you attest
only to their legal name, or to the name they are known by, or both?
Assume the path between your key and the software developer's included
your signature on my hypothetical friend's key, followed by their
signature on my key (MFPA), followed by my signature on somebody
else's key. That's a problem for you?

@_date: 2010-02-28 05:54:35
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi Paul
In my opinion that's a step forward.
I'm convinced 1.4.9 would only do that in "expert" mode.

@_date: 2010-02-28 16:19:57
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi John
I'm not creating an extra obstacle. I'm highlighting an existing
obstacle about which I have consistently found almost no discussion.
I refer you to a thread at
 where the OP
proposes removing this obstacle by (optionally) hashing the email
address in the UID and particularly the final post at
which covers issues other than the OP's perceived spam threat.
Before you even look at real privacy concerns, a Google search for
"avoid spam" (without quotes) says there are over 38 million matches.
That's pretty widespread, even if some of those 38 million are
promoting spam filters and other such measures.
Assuming that SPAM (rather than privacy) worries are the obstacle in
their mind, postings saying that keyserver spam is not an issue will
not be all that a potential user researching the matter will find.
They could go to a keyserver, search on a fairly common name, and
in a matter of seconds, display a page containing hundreds of email
Then, finding
 at cyberpass.net/msg01815.html
would likely concern them, especially when they read the line "It used
to be possible to extract keys from the PGP keyservers, which meant
that a low-tech spammer could nab 5-20000 email addresses"
They might also find
 where somebody
describes creating and uploading a key with a freshhly-crafted
spamgourmet address, which started receiving spam the following day.
Do I imagine that I can do a search and find seemingly endless advice
about munging, temporary/disposible addresses, care over giving out
your address or posting it to a website or newsgroup? I'm sure I do
not. Whether right or wrong, the perception definitely exists and has
given rise to writings in many quarters..
Interesting. I had already read [1] and [2].
My would-be user reads up about openPGP. He finds that it's the de
facto standard for his key UID to show his email address. The software
user guides and the community recommend the key be published to the
keyservers. That sets his alarm-bells ringing; he gives up before even
reaching any of the documented obstacles.
Skimming back over some posts in the thread, I still see it.
But, hey, no harm done.
I suspect that's true, although the only time it has so far happened
to me was an act of malice.

@_date: 2010-01-21 13:48:59
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: distributing ones public key (email) 
Hash: SHA512
Hi Chris
I suspect most of the recipients don't even notice. It's a much more
visible advert if you sign inline rather than PGP/MIME.
Outlook Express has that limitation (unless it was fixed in a late

@_date: 2010-07-04 14:44:00
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: "No-Keyserver" (and other) flags on keys 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Monday 28 June 2010 at 7:12:02 PM, in
OK, I got it. Auto-key-retrieve controls fetching keys from a
keyserver to verify a signature, and auto-key-locate controls fetching
keys from a server to encrypt to an email address that doesn't match
any keys on your keyring.
Is there a reason you can only automatically query one keyserver for a
key to verify a signature, but multiple keyservers for a key to
encrypt to an email address?

@_date: 2010-07-21 00:49:01
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: verifying hashes with GnuPG 
Hash: SHA512
On Tuesday 20 July 2010 at 9:24:00 PM, in
Maybe he wanted to check if an app he already installed would perform
this function before downloading another app to do it?

@_date: 2010-07-22 20:24:09
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: verifying hashes with Gnupg 
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 22 July 2010 at 6:22:36 AM, in
Use in conjunction with "--with-colons" to get the output in a
different format, without spaces:-
 10MB.dat:2:8C206A1A87599F532CE68675536F0B1546900D7A:
I find the "--output " option does not send the output of
"--print-md" to a file (for me, using GnuPG version 1.4.10 on Windows
XP). Is this intentional, anyone know?

@_date: 2010-07-25 12:51:03
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Where is FAQ? 
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 23 July 2010 at 10:15:05 PM, in
Did you try  ?
The usual way is to issue the --sign and the --encrypt options on the
same command line. It makes no difference which order they appear,
GnuPG will (in effect) combine encryption and signing into a single
Some people (clear)sign a message and then encrypt the signed message.
There may be groups or organisations that require this. I'm not aware
of any advantages of doing it this way. A disadvantage is doubling of
effort: the sender performs two gpg commands instead of one and so
does the recipient.
If you are communicating with a Hushmail address, your signature will
only be detected if you first encrypt the message and then sign the
encrypted message. Hushmail's webmail system is the only application I
have encountered that requires it this way around.

@_date: 2010-07-27 13:45:31
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Find correct key id's 
Hash: SHA512
On Tuesday 27 July 2010 at 12:29:19 PM, in
Is "--try-all-secrets" not helping you?

@_date: 2010-07-27 17:44:27
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: file contained no OpenPGPdata 
Hash: SHA512
On Tuesday 27 July 2010 at 5:14:45 PM, in
If necessary, an "unofficial" IDEA module can be downloaded and the

@_date: 2010-06-10 16:29:18
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Keyserver spam example 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 10 June 2010 at 3:35:34 PM, in
In order to *know* you have never received any keyserver-related spam,
I take it the valid address on the key you published has never
received any spam at all.
I have a key with a valid (but unused) address that I published as a
test three months ago. Since the address has never been used at all
for any purpose, anybody using that address could only have got it
from a keyserver. So far it has received no incoming messages
I have another key on the servers that shows a genuine address and has
been there at least 18 months. I do use that address, but not for
mailing lists, groups, etc. Spam typically comes in at the rate of
about two or three messages a month. I have no reason to suspect the
spammers harvested the address from a keyserver, but no way of knowing
they didn't.
David's example with the spammer saying where they got the address is
very unusual, to say the least.
No comment on probabilities, but I should have thought going to the
web interface of a keyserver and searching on "2010" (for example)
would be a more efficient place to harvest email addresses than
trawling through mailing list archives.
Only if you consider sacrificing some legitimate incoming mail to be

@_date: 2010-06-10 17:33:14
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Keyserver spam example 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 10 June 2010 at 4:57:50 PM, in
Fair enough.
You get keys with "2010" in the user-id. About half of those returned
by pgp.mit.edu have a 2010 creation date...
Plenty of people send mail using server software on their own
computer, particularly those who move around and connect to the
internet via a plethora of different ISPs and WiFi locations. That
doesn't make it "correct". But being sent from an RFC-ignorant server
does not make a message spam or illegitimate or invalid. It just makes
it slightly more suspect.

@_date: 2010-06-11 01:16:21
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Keyserver spam example 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 10 June 2010 at 6:04:37 PM, in
, Hauke Laging
Whenever I post to this list these days I get one of their
auto-replies, and they always spoof the from address to whatever I had
in the "to" field of my message to the list.
It comes straight to my address (not via the list) shortly after after
I post to this list. It seems somebody subscribed to GnuPG-users is
forwarding all their list mail immediately to that ticketing system.
Asked who? secure.mpcustomer.com?
I tried contacting them a cvouple of weeks back but both the
postmaster@ and abuse@ addresses bounce with "host mail.mpcustomer.com
[208.43.138.199]: 550 No such person at this address"
I'm assured the ticketing system is not subscribed to this list.
They don't even have the "required" postmaster at domain and abuse at domain
email addresses operating; they possibly also don't communicate with
the admins of other servers.
I first noticed it around the beginning of May.
I guess somebody with a list of the addresses subscribed to this list
could find out by sending a test message to each member in turn until
the auto-reply is tripped, then ask that person to stop forwarding and
delete them if they don't. Or one message to everybody with a
customised subject line for each. Alternatively, those of us who are
fed up with the messages could simply filter them out ourselves. (-;

@_date: 2010-06-11 17:10:54
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Keyserver spam example 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 10 June 2010 at 4:39:46 PM, in
, Hauke Laging
Another solution would be hashing the email address in a key's
user-id, so that somebody knowing the address could find the key on
the server, but the keyserver didn't publicly list the address. I just
noticed you advocate this further on in your message (-;
They could always use disposable email addresses, or use a different
address for communication with each contact.
They can also choose to publish a key but not to include their email
address in any of the user-ids. This makes the key pretty much
impossible to find without the key-id. Unfortunately it also confuses
some email clients, and has web-of-trust implications (because many
people are unwilling to sign a key that shows no email address).

@_date: 2010-06-11 17:23:38
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Keyserver spam example 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 10 June 2010 at 4:53:43 PM, in
This is true, but it would be perfectly feasible to have a working
network of public keyservers that did not reveal email addresses. User
IDs could contain a hash of the email address. Applications querying
the keyservers could query for the hashed email address. Privacy would
be the main advantage to such a system; eliminating the possibility of
keyserver spam is a positive side-effect.

@_date: 2010-06-11 17:54:36
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Test mail to gnupg.user@seibercom.net 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 11 June 2010 at 4:36:34 PM, in
I was told the etiquette for this list was to reply to the list and
also cc your reply to the person whose message you are replying to. So
I set up my reply template to do just that. (-;

@_date: 2010-06-12 02:36:08
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Keyserver spam example 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 11 June 2010 at 8:00:09 PM, in
Of course, even Spamhaus's own website says the PBL is not a blacklist
and that you can remove your IP address from their list if you are
running a "legitimate" mail server, but only if it's a static Ip
address. They provide no definition (that I can find) of what
constitutes a "legitimate" mail server
Most ISPs I have seen charge considerably more for a static IP
address; generally, commercial prices rather than home-user or
small-business prices. Unless you have relatively high bandwidth
requirements there is no point. It is *definitely* not worth the
expense just just to avoid an occasional over-zealous mailserver admin
spuriously binning one of your perfectly valid email messages. Even if
you are hosting a website or an incoming mail server, there are plenty
of dynamic DNS services available for many times less cost than having
a static IP address.
A large percentage of spam originates from the USA. It would be just
as rational to block mail from all IP addresses that are listed as
being there. (-;

@_date: 2010-06-12 03:03:32
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Keyserver spam example 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 11 June 2010 at 2:34:44 PM, in
I think there is no such RFC, just an assertion from a messaging
industry lobbying group that it's the "best" practice to block mail
from people who don't do things their way. The whole idea looks
suspiciously like it's designed to coerce people into abandoning
simple, cheap/free "home brew" solutions and purchasing services from
"maawg" members.

@_date: 2010-06-12 18:57:57
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Keyserver spam example 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Saturday 12 June 2010 at 12:37:08 PM, in
The problem is that you never know if your contact will forward things
to a google account...

@_date: 2010-06-13 14:32:43
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: [OT] Re: Test mail to gnupg.user 
Hash: SHA512
On Sunday 13 June 2010 at 10:03:00 AM, in
As far as I know, this is the only list I have ever subscribed to that
does not set a reply-to header to the list address. I'm not saying it
is "right" or "wrong," just unique in my experience.
The admins don't "dictate" where replies go: the person replying does
whatever they want. However, I would suggest that it *is* perfectly
proper for the admins of any list to set headers that encourage
posters (or their email software) to follow the etiquette of that
group. In the case of GnuPG-users, that would perhaps be a reply-to
header containing both the list address and the senders address.

@_date: 2010-06-14 00:16:47
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Was I suppose to reply to the email titled with my email? 
Hash: SHA512
On Sunday 13 June 2010 at 6:01:34 PM, in
I refer you to Werner's later post, after people started replying to
them. Subject: "FYI: About my test mails"
On Friday 11 June 2010 at 11:15:32 AM, in
Werner later posted that he had found the culprit, unsubscribed the
address and banned it from further subscriptions.
The culprit address was  was support at resell.biz - I am amused to find
that  claims to have "friendly, responsive customer
support!" (-;

@_date: 2010-06-14 01:07:21
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: [OT] Re: Test mail to gnupg.user 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Sunday 13 June 2010 at 7:37:33 PM, in
After my first few postings to this list, I received a complaint from
somebody whose post I replied to, for not copying my replies directly
to the OP. I amended my reply template to do so, and have received no
complaint since.
I guess nobody has done that when replying to me, since I've
experienced no such chain.
SPAM (in capital letters) is a canned precooked meat product made by
the Hormel Foods Corporation. (-;

@_date: 2010-06-14 00:52:03
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: [OT] Re: Test mail to gnupg.user 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Sunday 13 June 2010 at 6:12:54 PM, in
When I first posted here, I wondered why I kept getting copies of
replies to my posts sent directly to my address as well as via the
list. Soon, somebody corrected me for not copying them in on my reply
to their post as well as sending it to the list. They told me that was
the etiquette here. Since my experience at the time supported that
statement, I duly set up my reply template to do just that. I can't
remember who that was, and probably no longer have a copy of the
I still often receive copies of replies to my posts directly as well
as via the list; sometimes both addresses are in the "to" field, but
more often one or other is a "cc." I still have my reply template set
up to do the same.

@_date: 2010-06-15 00:54:33
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: auto refresh-keys 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Monday 14 June 2010 at 6:19:58 PM, in
Although, of course, the certifications are all part of OxDECAFDAD.asc
and therefore are still dowmloaded and consume bandwidth. With isks in
excess of a terabyte, why bother expending the extra CPU cycles to
conserve a little disk space?

@_date: 2010-06-15 00:58:55
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: auto refresh-keys 
Hash: SHA512
On Monday 14 June 2010 at 5:50:32 PM, in
Same as Network or keyserver failure: there is no available
auto-update, so warn and continue with the requested operations.

@_date: 2010-06-16 18:03:19
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: auto refresh-keys 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Tuesday 15 June 2010 at 1:46:30 AM, in
I actually meant they are inexpensive and readily available, not that
I have (or need) that size.
I wasn't thinking of mobile phones etc. In that scenario, disk space
is scarce, and so is memory. Also, mobile internet speeds (the real
speed, not the "up to" quoted by the network) are generally very slow
compared to ADSL, although usually quicker than dialup.
What sort of alternate fetch requests do you envision? Fetch-minimal?

@_date: 2010-06-16 22:21:23
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: auto refresh-keys 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 16 June 2010 at 6:10:17 PM, in
So, discard all certifications made by keys not on the server, all but
the latest certification from each key, unknown/weak algos etc, as per
your earlier message in this thread.
I'm having difficult deciding why this would still be all that useful,
when it has to be informed by which keys the keyserver recognises
rather than which are recognised by the user.
This seems to me the most appropriate "fetch" for an auto-refresh
function, as well as good for use where storage and/or bandwidth are
Even if the mechanism doing the checking did support UATs, there are
enough keys around with (for example) inappropriately large images to
make this a valuable option where storage/bandwidth are under pressure
or where data transfer is metered and expensive...
Would the certifications all be analysed by the server "on the fly"
before returning the requested key? If so, what are the likely
implications for increased server workload and fetch request
processing times?
Maybe the analysis would sit better at the point of uploading the key?
I mean:-
  1. the key is uploaded to the server.
  2. the server analyses the key and generates the alternative
  versions (minimal, reduced, no-UATs etc)
  3. the several versions are hosted, and the form of the fetch
  request determines which version is served.
  4. there may be some merit in periodically re-analysing the
  certifications on stored keys to refresh the modified versions,
  eg the reduced version may change due to keys being uploaded to
  the server that have already certified that key.
What happens if the fetch request for something other than the full
version comes after (1) but before (2) is completed? Is it best to
return the full version in that event (perhaps subject to a cut-off
Should (2) be completed as soon as (1) or added to a queue to be
processed periodically in batches?
When the server receives a new or updated key through synchronising
with another server, should the modified key versions be passed along
as well? If so, should the receiving server use these just in the
interim until it has calculated its own modified versions?

@_date: 2010-06-17 19:27:47
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Importing public key in OpenGPG - error. MAC OS X 
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 17 June 2010 at 2:23:37 PM, in
I see no attachments. As far as I remember, this list removes
When you say "not possible to import," do you mean you see some sort
of error message? Providing the details would make it easier for
people to help you. (I do not use any of the software you listed

@_date: 2010-06-17 20:23:40
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: auto refresh-keys 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 16 June 2010 at 8:26:11 PM, in
, Hauke Laging
A key may be sitting on a non-synchronising server that has not been
modified at all recently but contains certifications not on my local
copy. The key has not changed but contains information not in my copy.
Downloading it is not useless.
In the case of a key flagged with a preferred keyserver-URL, the
"keyserver-url" may just point to a key file. Does the client just
receive the file, or can it see the last modification date and
terminate the connection without downloading the file?
Please expand.
Why/does the keyserver signing its list make a difference to that?
This would be a security problem in the event that somebody uploads to
the servers a revocation certificate they had prepared in advance;
this revocation would be overlooked if the latest modification date of
the key were taken to be newest time stamp of a signature.
Assuming all the servers the user ever checks against are
synchronised. Also assuming the certification to be uploaded most
recently to the servers always equates the one containing the latest
If the client could reliably tell from the server's response that it
synchronised with a particular group-ID of keyservers, the client
would need only the timestamp for the last time that key was
downloaded from a member of that group. Probably easier to store the
info per synchronising group-ID than per individual keyserver, but
still a major undertaking if you are storing it for all the keys on a
large keyring. (Maybe the file of which servers synchronise with which
others should be a local file rather than relying on what the servers
tell you.)

@_date: 2010-06-18 01:10:22
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: auto refresh-keys 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 17 June 2010 at 9:14:55 PM, in
, Hauke Laging
I was only trying to point out that it might not be useless to
download a key that hasn't changed.
I'd presumed that, but it is worth stating.
I don't know how common or uncommon it might be. I just know that, of
the keys in my keyring of about 400 keys, I have noticed more
deviations away from my default keyserver to key.asc files than to
alternate keyservers. I don't spend a lot of time watching the screen
when I refresh all keys, so my observation is not in the least
scientific. And even if it was, my sample size would be orders of
magnatude too small. (-;
I was actually caring about the user who is refreshing the key; it
would be good to avoid un-necessary data transfer/processing/storage
whether the key is on a keyserver, hosted on the creater's website or
on BigLumber. Since the bulk of key downloads are probably from
servers, that is the first place to look for efficiencies in this
respect. But the other scenarios and hosting/download platforms merit
consideration from the start.
OK, up to a point. But the web of trust should thwart this MitM
attack. Or am I missing something?
A user with several systems could use common keyrings. Or his own
local keyserver. Or just export all keys from the keyring he has just
updated and import them into each of his other keyrings. (I'm
guessing/hoping the new keybox format allows identification of all
keys modified since a particular time/date, so that just those could
be exported/imported when doing that.)
Possibly in a corporate or group setting, where one person could
refresh the keyring and push the update to his colleagues?
I guess there is a risk if the change was a revocation because the key
has been compromised, and it only reached the bad guy but not the real
keyserver, and you had only tried to send it to that one server.
And if they are using a mobile device with limited storage they
probably aren't using a large keyring?

@_date: 2010-06-19 12:36:15
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: auto refresh-keys 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 18 June 2010 at 8:13:52 AM, in
, Hauke Laging
My guess would be maybe 1-2% of my keyring. I'm not about to examine
400+ keys to find out. Anyway, as I said before my keyring is too
small a sample to be statistically valid.
Maybe, but it also depends on people's reasons for trying to direct
people to the file URL that they control...
Hmm. I spotted the security issue of missed revocations if the
timestamp of the most recent signature was used to identify the last
update, but failed to see this. Maybe I should only reply when awake
and alert.
Convenience would depend on the users preferred ways of working, as
well as the hardware and software that make up his multiple systems.
Also, I had not thought of the list of timestamps as being a file
rather than just a reply in the dialogue between the client and the
If the secret IDs were hashes of the name and of the email address of
the creator, leaving them on the list would not compromise privacy
(other than maybe "associating" the user with that key, and thereby
with its creator...).
I consider a key UID that shows my name and especially my email
addresses to be an un-necessary erosion of privacy.
As we are talking about updating keys already on the keyring, I see no
need for the update list to contain any user-IDs, just the key_IDs or
fingerprints. Any un-necessary generation and transmission of
unencrypted lists containing names and/or email addresses is something
to be avoided.
Even if you send the key over an encrypted connection to a server? For
example Nearly 6MB. But I'm not using it on a mobile device with tiny storage.
That would probably be true, since most keys these days take up more
bytes than it would take to write the time and date ten times plus ten
keyserver URLs.
If it's *that* small or full and can't be expanded or more space
cleared, you are probably right.

@_date: 2010-06-19 12:50:38
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: auto refresh-keys 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 18 June 2010 at 8:42:39 PM, in
, David Shaw
And a short timeout of a few seconds could result in
updates/revocations being missed.
Maybe keys with failed updates could be tagged, and an option
introduced to update all keys carrying that tag?

@_date: 2010-06-19 13:27:23
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: auto refresh-keys 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 18 June 2010 at 8:42:31 PM, in
, David Shaw
The potential tracking could be mitigated against by an ability to
configure a list of keyservers rather than just one, and using a
random selection from the list for each keyserver operation.

@_date: 2010-06-19 14:53:23
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: auto refresh-keys 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Saturday 19 June 2010 at 12:36:15 PM, in
It occurred to me to comment out the keyserver in my gpg.conf file,
run "gpg --refresh-keys" and examine the output.
My keyring currently contains 415 keys. 42 of them refreshed (or
attempted). Of those, thirteen used a file URL rather than a
keyserver. 13 is just over 3% of 415, or about one key in 32.

@_date: 2010-06-20 02:50:41
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: auto refresh-keys 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Sunday 20 June 2010 at 1:14:59 AM, in
, Hauke Laging
Starting from where we are now, as far as I know there are no
keyservers that sign their output, but there are keyservers that use
And TLS does not have to be x.590. There is a draft spec for using
openpgp keys with TLS  which is
implemented in the GnuTLS library

@_date: 2010-06-23 17:59:03
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Searching multiple keyservers 
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 23 June 2010 at 9:27:01 AM, in
"all" being simply all the ones you have listed in your gpgshell
config file. IIRC, you have a list for fetching/updating keys and
another list for submitting keys - the latter may be useful to specify
servers you know don't synchronise reliably, when posting revocations.

@_date: 2010-06-23 18:12:45
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: IDEA Status? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 23 June 2010 at 5:35:19 AM, in
, David Shaw
I understood that for non-commercial use, IDEA was freely available
for use and that licences were only needed for commercial use in the
countries where it is patented.

@_date: 2010-06-24 00:51:01
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: IDEA Status? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 23 June 2010 at 8:04:59 PM, in
I think IDEA's only place in OpenPGP these days, is to allow access to
any existing messages or files encrypted using that cipher algo.

@_date: 2010-06-28 19:12:02
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: "No-Keyserver" (and other) flags on keys 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Monday 28 June 2010 at 4:41:16 PM, in
, David Shaw
Is this different to auto-key-retrieve?

@_date: 2010-06-30 19:53:05
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Digitally Sign a key 
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 30 June 2010 at 10:42:06 AM, in
When you "sign and encrypt" a message or file to somebody, it is
signed with your key and encrypted to theirs.
Your client may be simply asking you to do that, unless they require
separate steps in a specified order that produces different output to
the standard method. In that case, you could encrypt the file to their
key as the first step and afterwards you sign the encrypted file that
resulted from the first step.

@_date: 2010-06-30 20:13:31
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: On the fly encryption of files possible? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 30 June 2010 at 8:29:27 AM, in
Sometimes difficult to tell that kind of "expert" from the kind who
tell you something is difficult on the sole grounds that it has not
been done before...

@_date: 2010-03-01 03:07:22
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: key question 
Hash: SHA512
Hi reynt0
Why not start your detective work from something like email kludges?

@_date: 2010-03-03 18:44:25
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi Mark
I was referring to the case where the individual was in a country that
prohibited or restricted the use of strong encryption.
Is it not also a reasonable assumption, that those who use and promote
privacy-enhancing software will value and respect privacy?

@_date: 2010-03-03 19:18:56
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi Robert
A good point, well made.

@_date: 2010-03-06 16:34:02
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi Paul
This was someone's re-interpretation of my point. Spot the extra ">"?
The concept of *owning* your personal information makes little sense.
For example, there may be many organisations with copies of your
personal information in their databases. They each own their
respective databases. In a lot of countries, there are legal measures
in place to control what they are allowed to do with your personal
information. In most European countries, they will only be allowed to
use the information for the purpose for which you were told it would
be used, can only keep it as long as reasonably required for that
purpose, must not disclose it to third parties (except as allowed in
the T&Cs covering your relationship, or allowed or required by law),
must allow you to see what info they hold (fee usually payable - here
it is "up to" 10 GBP), must allow you to correct the info, ...
I have posted several relevant links in my message that yours was a
reply to.
Exactly as far as everything else that would fall under the basic
right to privacy (described in Article 8 of the European Convention of
Human Rights as "the right to respect for private and family life").
The OECD's "Guidelines on the Protection of Privacy and Transborder
Flows of Personal Data" is a slightly more international view.
The use, storage or dissemination of personal information is the
subject of specific laws in many places, as mentioned above and linked
from earlier in the thread.
I'm referring to the personal information that is often present in key
UIDs. Others may wish to extend similar discussion to cover the key
ID/fingerprint, which I view as problematic. The key ID/fingerprint is
not personal information in and of itself. But if the key is on a
server, the de facto standard for key UIDs leads to, in most cases,
personal information being revealed to anybody in possession of the
key ID.
(I would point out that other opinions are available and have been
shared in this thread. Also, the conditional "should" is important
since anybody in possession of the key has the *ability* to upload it
whether they "should" or not.)
I say that if the key's originator does not disseminate said key to
said keyserver, nobody else is in a legitimate position to make that
decision on their behalf. If the originator actively *wanted* their
key to be on that server (or network of servers), they would probably
have uploaded it there.
The originator may have been unaware of that server's existence. They
may simply have taken no action regarding keyservers. They may have
considered a particular keyserver (or network) and made a decision
that they did not want their key on it. They may not want their key on
any keyserver. The point is, without referring to the key originator,
a third party cannot know their intentions and should not have the
arrogance to presume.
The OpenPGP standard and GnuPG can both be seen to concede that the
key originator could have some say in the matter: the
"keyserver-no-modify" flag was defined quite a while ago in RFC 2440
as meaning "the key holder requests that this key only be modified or
updated by the key holder or an administrator of the key server," and
has long been set by default in GnuPG. Unfortunately, I don't see
evidence that any keyservers honour this flag.
Difficult to answer.
Say, for example, I was to print out your photograph, name, address,
phone number, etc. and display it on a public noticeboard in the
church. Would you consider that the noticeboard was unwittingly
sharing your personal information without permission? Or am I solely
at fault? Or does the church share some blame?
I don't believe the keyservers should restrict dissemination of keys
once they are admitted to the server.
I believe servers should perform some sort of originator-verification
before listing fresh or updated keys with the keyserver-no-modify flag
set (including where set on the existing but not the updated copy).
Where keyservers synchronise, there would need to be a way of passing
on the originator-verification result along with the updated key.
If a user makes the conscious decision to allow indiscriminate
publishing/updating of their key, unsetting the keyserver-no-modify
flag should achieve this. If they already uploaded it to the servers
with that flag set, they would need to pass the
originator-verification one last time to propagate the change.
I am not advocating anything remotely equivalent to copyright
provisions, just protection of personal information.
As with all other situations where you give somebody your personal
information, it depends on the circumstances. In the context of
family/friends/casual acquaintances, we are simply talking about
trust, courtesy, honour, etc. In the case of a business relationship
where the individual provides personal information for a particular
purpose, the standard privacy/data protection laws apply in addition.
Note again that I am talking about the personal information attached
to the key, not the key itself. This could all be avoided if an option
were available to create UIDs which revealed no personal information,
but which still enabled somebody who knew your email address to
retrieve your key from a server. See
 and
 and

@_date: 2010-03-07 16:46:09
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
Hi Paul
The default configurations of PGP and gpg ask for a name, email
address, and comment when you create a key. Last time I looked (v8.x),
PGP would not even create a key without something that looked like an
email address - hence the a at b.c in my UID. (And yes, I know gpg now
allows you to omit the email address without having to use --expert,
but you are still asked for it.)
Almost any documentation I can find telling a new user how to use
GnuPG or PGP tells the user that the key UID is their name plus email
address, and that they should upload the key to a server. Many email
apps rely on the presence of the email address in the UID for key
selection, and documentation mentions this. Basically, almost
everything the beginner sees suggests either he cannot create a key
without this info, or his key is next-to-useless if he does. I agree, and I touched this in to one of your previous messages.
You are assuming he realised it was probable. The benefit of hindsight
will presumably lead him to proceed differently in future. Initially,
John may not have even known he *could* create a useable key without
his valid email address. He might have been used to trusting his those
in his closed circle. He might not have experienced or considered how
easy it was to make mistakes resulting in inadvertent key upload. He
may have read about the "keyserver-no-modify" flag and assumed the
feature would actually protect his key from accidental or malicious

@_date: 2010-03-08 01:33:27
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi David
Sorry, I was mistaken.
When I tested this in an earlier version, I was unable to proceed
without entering an email address. Having gone back and re-tested, I
am only able to replicate the behaviour if the string I enter for
"Real name" contains the " character. This also holds true for
1.4.10. The --expert flag was/is not the difference, it's the presence of "
in the "Real name" field.

@_date: 2010-03-08 01:41:56
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
Hi Mark
Which is, of course, sound reasoning in the event that the range of
options available to that individual (and his contacts) includes such

@_date: 2010-03-08 01:48:34
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Memory forensics 
Hash: SHA512
Hi John
Did you mean "important" rather than "impatient?"

@_date: 2010-03-08 18:31:41
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
Hi Paul
I think you may be assuming an awful lot, especially in the case where
the person has a desire for privacy rather than a life-or-death *need*
for privacy. Such a person may well be less rigorous than yourself in
their analysis and investigations. We *are* talking about a technology
created for privacy
( ).
Unless their research reveals they *can* usefully create and circulate
a key that omits their name/email address, they are weighing the
privacy benefit of encrypting their mail against the privacy danger of
using a key that contains those details. That isn't quite the same as "I don't have an option."
A useful combination, sadly not common enough (-;
Even intelligence and judgment together do not necessarily lead to
perfect decisions. The point when the user *thinks* he has sufficient
knowledge or competence does not automatically coincide with the point
at which this is true.
I would expect an inexperienced user of *anything* to have limited
knowledge compared to an "expert," or at least to have not yet fully
reflected on and internalised the information he has acquired.
The kind of person I have described would clearly have made a poor
call in deciding they had done sufficient reading around the subject,
but I'm not convinced I have outlined a person of less than adequate
reasoning ability.
Many people are less patient than you must be; I have heard numerous people advocate the "ready, fire,aim" approach to life.
Yes, in my first two years at university most staff were assigned to teach topics outside their primary field of expertise, and switched around every year. The stated idea was to enable undergraduates to be taught by people who had recently learnt (or re-learnt) the same material, who would be more in tune with what a new learner would find difficult than the "expert" who, having been fully conversant with the material for several decades, would see it all as trivial.  Which is an ongoing process. An individual desirous of privacy is likely to continue finding new threats and/or new protections for as long as they care to keep looking.
Were you aware because of something you read, or because of experimentation?  When first trying PGP in 2003, I read that uploading your key to a
server was a Good Thing but found no evidence to support that
assertion. I had no desire to publish my key to a server so I had no
reason to experiment with how to do it. I was genuinely shocked when,
much later, I found out how easy it was to upload keys and considered
the likelihood of mistakes. Fortunately, I had created my key without including my name or email address (because I could not see how including them could aid privacy).

@_date: 2010-03-08 21:38:18
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi Paul
I just wanted anybody reading this after the event to be clear the
quoted line about owning was not anything *I* have said.
Yes, it is the main thing I have ended up discussing.
Since you quoted Robert J. Hansen's line beginning "the person owns
the information," I felt I could not reasonably address the question
you went on to ask without first putting that point to bed.
The legal aspect is an integral part of the answer to your question;
it demonstrates that rights to privacy and to an element of control
over one's personal information are not something I dreamt out of thin
air. Whatever different views people may have on moral or ethical
rights, there are situations where processing/storage/dissemination of
personal information is the subject of an established body of
legislation and legal precedent. All that is open to question is the
extent and nature of privacy "rights" that may exist beyond the narrow
set enshrined in law and the slightly wider set in documents such as
Seeing as we are framing this in terms of "rights," do you believe the
holder has a right to upload in these circumstances but "should not"
exercise that right?
It's not entirely about public availability. There is also the
inability to remove a key from most servers. An individual may be
perfectly happy to post the key on their website, or biglumber, or the
PGP directory, but not want it on the main server networks. It's about
the individual's right to choose what happens to their personal
Morally and ethically, I disagree. To use an example with phone
numbers: say I had a personal friend who was an insurance broker with
a teenaged daughter and elderly parents. I would suggest it's
perfectly in order for me to pass to a third party my mate's business
number. I definitely have no moral or ethical right to pass on his
daughter's or parent's numbers or his personal number. Some would
argue he has a right to give me a good beating if I did.
In practical terms, the originator currently has no means to prevent
this sharing, whether or not he has a right. In a certain narrow set
of circumstances, there could be an argument for legal redress if the
originator's personal information was shared.
I also don't think a webhost should be deemed responsible if somebody
posts unlawful material on a site or forum that happens to be hosted
on their servers.
Unless I have missed something, the RFCs have not addressed that
I cannot conceive of anything other than a presumption of privacy in
respect of the personal information usually present in the UIDs, and
have always been amazed at the number of people displaying it openly
on their public keys.
Any use whatsoever that in no way compromises the privacy of the
originator's personal information.
I believe anybody with my details should be able to fetch my key from
a server, but looking at my key should give them no extra personal
information about me.
My intention was merely to challenge the statement "it's a good idea
to upload your key to a keyserver," since I had seen such sentiments
expressed without qualification various places previously but had
always seen more good reasons against than in favour. I got into a
much longer (and more interesting) discussion than expected.
I think it would work better if the option of increased privacy could
be integrated into the mainstream servers.

@_date: 2010-03-10 09:42:19
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Migrating from PGP to GPG question 
Hash: SHA512
Hi Cathy
Enable is default, same as in PGP. Both offer the ability to disable a
key, so that you cannot encrypt to it or sign with it but you can
still decrypt and can still verify signatures.

@_date: 2010-03-12 19:40:24
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Using the OTR plugin with Pidgin for verifying GPG public key 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi erythrocyte
208 here, using Firefox 3.5.8
I think you might mean the risk should be made *clear* to end-users?
Security is already *transparent* to end users visiting a "secure" website
whose root certificate the browser already trusts.
A lot there that I've not heard of. Could be perfectly reputable, but
I am unaware of their reputation...

@_date: 2010-03-12 21:14:19
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Using the OTR plugin with Pidgin for verifying GPG public key 
Hi erythrocyte
I would question whether the defence solicitor was fit to practice if he didn't produce expert witnesses who could explain this sufficiently clearly for the jury to understand.

@_date: 2010-03-13 10:14:35
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: updprefs command and changing key 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Saturday 13 March 2010 at 12:07:08 AM, in
, David Shaw
Wouldn't "--disable-cipher-algo 3DES" achieve this?

@_date: 2010-03-13 14:38:45
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: updprefs command and changing key 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi David
Fair enough. I just wondered.

@_date: 2010-03-13 20:05:21
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Saturday 13 March 2010 at 11:15:32 AM, in
I see what you mean, but I would say it is integral to both.
Although it isn't really that simple. For example in the UK, the vast
majority of shops are closed on Christmas day and most people don't go
to work (except for essential services, hospitality, and the few
shops/petrol stations that are open). Whether people ought to be
"wage-slaves," giving up most of their time to their "master" in
return for barely enough to live on, is another question.
Fair enough. I think I gave both.
Yes, assuming the key showed no personal information. Depending on the
jurisdiction and the circumstances, the key holder *might not* have
the lawful right to distribute the key originator's personal
Why? The personal information in the key UIDs is that of the
originator, not the holder. If the key reveals no personal
information, then I agree.
If the key reveals no personal information, then I agree. But why
would the holder need to be told the originator doesn't want his
personal information circulated without his permission?
Which rule? You've already stated that you don't believe the holder
should upload the key if the originator doesn't want, so presumably
you mean that you would tell somebody if you didn't want them to pass
on or upload a key you created?
What do you mean "by default?" As far as I know the "public" in
"public key" simply refers to the fact that it *can* be made public
without compromising the security of the encryption or digital
signatures. That does *not* mean that the personal information usually
included in key UIDs for ease of use is publicly shareable.
A business telephone number *is* considered by most to be ethically
shareable. Key UIDs often contain personal contact details and/or
aliases. Other people's personal contact details are *not* considered
by most to be ethically shareable, and certainly not ethically
Nothing drastic enough for most to consider it DRM, IMHO. It would be
enough for me if keyservers honoured the no-modify flag (with suitable
originator-verification and appropriate measures when synchronising)
subject to the exception you mentioned previously where somebody
revokes a signature they previously placed on that key. Those who
desired that anybody could freely upload their keys to servers would
simply unset the no-modify flag.
It looks to me as if the answer is "yes." Unless each person who had
one of your email addresses already knew the other addresses before
seeing them on your key, they now have extra information about you.
And the addresses have jumped from "shared outside of people [you]
knew personally" to published in a universally-accessible location.
However minor/negligible or unimportant you may consider it, that's a
reduction in privacy.
And probably shared more of your email addresses with each person than
they had before.
Horses for courses, as they say. I know several people who give a
unique email address to each contact. In their situation, it would be
inappropriate to publish (or even circulate) a key containing all
their email addresses, unless the addresses could be hashed in the
And in that eventuality, do you see the attraction of optionally
hashing email addresses and names in UIDs, so that somebody who
knows your email address can find your key but somebody who
inspects your key gains no information about you from it?
That would be a bit of a bind if you felt that everybody you gave the
pseudonymous key to would need *telling* not to circulate or publish
it without checking with you first.
For some people, that amount could effectively be "none" judging by
their profile and postings on the likes of Facebook.
You find both camps on this list and elsewhere.
Or using a pseudonym, which is not the same thing as anonymity.
Mine varies between fairly random usernames, MFPA if the site doesn't
insist on something longer, and just a couple of things where I use my
real name.
The function of the public key is to encrypt messages and to
authenticate/verify digital signatures. Other than that, what do you
believe the holder has a "right" to do with a key without referring to
the originator? (Yes, it can also carry signatures from other people's
keys attesting to their belief in the claimed identity of the
originator, but this would usually have involved some contact with the
DRM, in the generally accepted use of the term, is all about greed.
And sometimes about copyright or licensing. That is a completely
different objective from wishing to keep the key originator's personal
information private. DRM usually relies on some measure of
intentionally crippling a device or application. Asking somebody
before passing on their personal information cripples nothing. Being
unable to *upload* somebody else's key to a server would cripple
nothing: you already have the key. An option to hash names and email
addresses in UIDs would cripple nothing if the plaintext name or email
address could still be used to locate the key on the server.
IMHO, the only connection between the two is semantic: the keys are
stored in a digital form and we have been discussing what "rights" the
key holder has in respect of the key originator's personal
I don't know why, but that simple phrase suggests to me that you think
it would be a bad thing.
That's similar to my impression of the statement I was challenging.
Have I "insisted on" anything beyond the basic courtesy of obtaining
consent before passing on other people's personal information?
We definitely have different thoughts on what information we wish to
put on public record on a keyserver.
Very eloquently put.
I would have to persuade somebody with the appropriate skills.
Presumably the hashed name or email address option in the UID would be
the easier bit to implement, since a nil return on a search would
simply require hashing the search string (with whatever standard hash
function has been predetermined) and trying again. Honouring
keyserver-no-modify would require much more in-depth consideration,
such as how best to authenticate, signature revocations, and
sending/receiving updates through synchronisation with other servers.
I read at that the SKS keyservers didnt exist when rfc2440 was published
(including defining the no-modify flag). I wonder if
keyserver-no-modify has been neglected by the keyservers for technical
reasons, or was just too low down a list of priorities? (I googled but
couldn't find anything on this question.)

@_date: 2010-03-14 12:18:18
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Using the OTR plugin with Pidgin for verifying GPG public key 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi Robert
Presumably less damage than if you failed to spot a fake ID and went
ahead with the signing?

@_date: 2010-03-14 12:26:04
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: updprefs command and changing key 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Hi David
Would "--disable-cipher-algo AES" add anything to that? Or cause
potential problems?

@_date: 2010-03-14 14:17:31
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: updprefs command and changing key 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Sunday 14 March 2010 at 1:19:46 PM, in
, David Shaw
And if my key preferences and personal-cipher-preferences both omitted
AES, I'm not using AES anyway, so disabling it would make no
difference. Unless a sender is forcing that algo.
Is there anything the disable-cipher-algo option is actually useful

@_date: 2010-03-15 10:53:33
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Monday 15 March 2010 at 8:28:16 AM, in
Essential? Plenty of people manage without it. (-;
Good judgment will lead to a preponderance of good decisions, not to a
100% record of good decisions.
It also leads to taking action quickly and building momentum. It can
often be easier to change direction in the light of new knowledge and
the wisdom of others, than to overcome the inertia of inaction and
start out in the right direction once you have learnt "everything." Of
course, it depends what type of endeavour you are undertaking. (-:
Unless you subscribe to the view that knowledge as what you learn from
your own mistakes and wisdom as what you learn from other people's
mistakes. I've heard it stated often enough (usually by the same
people who advocate "ready, fire, aim").

@_date: 2010-03-15 14:49:32
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Monday 15 March 2010 at 7:54:03 AM, in
I don't understand the comment that they were never private
information. They will have been private information from their
inception up until the time you publicised them or published them.
It is simplest, and almost certainly most common, to just have a small
number of addresses. Multiple addresses and/or disposable addresses
can be a useful tool, but they can add complexity with no real
advantage if their use is not properly thought out.
I see the target user as somebody who wishes to keep their personal
contact details private, but wants openPGP users who already have
their contact details to be able to discover their key.
Not wishing to reveal my email address in my key, when faced with all
the literature saying I should, was one of the main reasons I didn't
adopt PGP the first couple of times I looked at it. Since I have no
reason to expect my thoughts on this to be unique, I believe the
hashing option for the information in UIDs would remove an obstacle
that deters some people from using openPGP.
Even if you know it is the same person, you could still be talking to
an enemy. You may not realise they are a spy working for a rival
organisation, for example.
That doesn't only apply to anonymous entities. For example, is today's
John Smith the same John Smith I communicated with last week?
What is perfect anonymity? If I recognise somebody by sight as being
somebody I have seen before but know nothing about, are they no longer
perfectly anonymous to me? Is somebody with many short-term
relationships and associations more anonymous than somebody with fewer
but long-term? One is known to more people but each knows less about
When the reader is Big Brother, or a potential employer or blackmailer
etc., that might matter. When the reader is a random stranger, I
prefer to think it doesn't. I'm confident I don't post anything that
should prompt anybody to identify and come after me.
How is that of consequence until they make the link between the
identity and the person (or people) behind it? Knowledge that "John
Smith" engages in certain activities is of no use until the "John
Smith" in question has been pinpointed.
I'm sure neither of us claimed it did (-;
It did, because I was not sure I could attach the correct meaning to
"upload publicly and download privately" to answer "yes." (-:
Public dissemination is definitely the keyservers' function, but is it
also their purpose?
Why would I want to download somebody's key?
1. to verify a signature.
2. to sign their key after meeting them and verifying ID documents.
3. to encrypt a message to them.
For 1 and 2, I already know the key ID. For 3, I already know the
email address.
Is there something I have missed about the purpose of a keyserver,
that dictates it needs to show me the email address if I don't already
know it?
I'm not saying one way is "right" and another is "wrong," just that
exposing personal contact details is a privacy concern and I don't see
any inherent advantage.
Perhaps. But there are posts by people pointing out that things I have
raised have been discussed multiple times in the past. This confirms
that some other people share (or have shared) some of my concerns.
I'm sure if you did it would make interesting reading, but it's not
I believe "it is 'best for all users' to advocate greater care with
other people's personal information," is not a foolish assumption.
Indeed. The UID hashing idea, that I read about during the life of
this thread, would be an additional option to accommodate an increased
range of privacy goals. Possibly that particular niche is too marginal
to be worth implementing, but it shouldn't be dismissed without

@_date: 2010-03-16 10:24:52
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Tuesday 16 March 2010 at 6:02:15 AM, in
I see what you mean, but I would still consider them to be private
information. I have a record of numerous people's email addresses and
phone numbers but each is a piece of private information appertaining
to the person it can be used to contact.
So do I.
That's what I meant: the fact of it being his real name rather than a
pseudonym makes no difference.
It also has the feel of quite a catchy slogan. (-;
That obviously makes sense.

@_date: 2010-03-17 20:21:37
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 17 March 2010 at 12:58:37 AM, in
, reynt0
Unfortunately, even if nobody subscribes to the list with a gmail
address we have no way of knowing if anybody archives their mail to
one. Anyway, the list archives are available various places on the
internet, some of which don't make the best job of hiding people's
email addresses; Google (or anybody else) have the opportunity to
analyse the posts there.
Yes, their old "don't be evil" motto should have been suffixed with
"(do as we say, not as we do)." (-;
Unfortunately, refusing to email people on gmail addresses, as
advocated at  and other places is
ineffective, since the recipient can simply give you a different
address and set it to forward to their gmail account.
Using  rather than
  as your search site feels as if it should be more
private but scroogle's lack of anything labelled "privacy policy" is
of concern.
Yes, we are spied on by all sorts of entities, from police and local
government to agencies of the national government to private entities
running petrol stations, car parks, shopping centres, etc. I always
think the correct response to seeing a sign like, "this forecourt is
monitored by CCTV with ANPR," would be to cover your number plates
before entering and uncover them after leaving.
We are routinely asked for completely irrelevant personal details when
signing up for utility or banking services or when applying for a job,
and many people are still daft enough to supply them without question.
As well as spying on us, the UK government and its agencies have a
record of not protecting the information it holds. See, for example,
These breaches alone make it vital to be as careful as reasonably
possible when sharing your personal information, and not to share
anything the other party cannot demonstrate is necessary. Giving a
unique email address each time, for example, helps to identify who is
failing to safeguard your data and should not be trusted.

@_date: 2010-03-19 13:06:38
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 19 March 2010 at 6:54:06 AM, in
OK, I should have qualified "they now have extra information about
you" with "potentially"  or "access to."
The lower level of spam from publicising your email addresses on a
keyserver compared to web page suggests the first of these is true
(although that may be related to ease of extraction of email
addresses). I'm not sure how you would go about measuring the second.
I'm clear that this doesn't bother you.
Of course, but it doesn't have to be that way.
I do not see that users of openPGP gain anything at all from this
public exposure of their private details, if their key could be
usefully be made publicly available without.
Yes it is.
Well, you *could* include it in every email you send out; or use an
email auto-responder, post it on a web page, post it to BigLumber, etc
and use a signature notation (or a note in a comment line or an email
footer) to link to it. But most of these options probably fit the way
of working you describe less well than using a keyserver.

@_date: 2010-03-22 12:48:30
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: 2.0.14 --gen-key interface nit 
Hash: SHA512
On Sunday 21 March 2010 at 2:10:34 AM, in
The thing that stands out to me is the lack of an option to toggle the
certify capability.
I always interpreted the capabilities menu as a sub-menu of the key
generation process, so it seemed logical that quitting the sub-menu
would revert to the parent menu.
Are you advocating (when in the capabilities menu) an "okay" or "save"
selection to keep the changes you've made and for "quit" to discard
the changes?

@_date: 2010-03-23 13:10:03
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: 2.0.14 --gen-key interface nit 
Hash: SHA512
On Monday 22 March 2010 at 2:30:36 PM, in
, David Shaw
Fair enough. I was thinking about the "special case" of users who
maintain a "personal master key" to collect and issue web of trust
signatures and to sign the "production" keys they actually use for
encryption and signing files or email. That set-up would be
well-served by the production keys being unable to certify. Of course,
a certify-only primary key with subkeys for signing and encryption is
the more standard way to achieve essentially the same thing.
I never thought a certifying subkey would make a lot of sense. Any way
I thought about it, a signature from such a beast would mean exactly
the same as a signature from the primary key or, in certain
situations, add confusion/ambiguity with no discernible benefit.

@_date: 2010-03-23 18:09:44
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: 2.0.14 --gen-key interface nit 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Tuesday 23 March 2010 at 2:27:10 PM, in
, David Shaw
Yes. That's why I said "the production keys being unable to certify,"
since such a user would perform these tasks with their "master" key.
Even though I knew that a key or UID should be considered suspect if
not self-signed, the penny hadn't dropped that the self-sig was a
"certification" in the same way as a web of trust signature.
What happens if somebody converts a subkey into a primary key?
Can they then create UIDs and subkeys for it?

@_date: 2010-05-09 16:08:17
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Help me to import my secret key please 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Sunday 9 May 2010 at 9:40:31 AM, in
, Charly Avital
An exception: hushmail.com's server; you will need to email and tell
them to delete it before uploading another with the same email address
in the UID to them.

@_date: 2010-05-12 19:06:01
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Help me to import my secret key please 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 12 May 2010 at 10:11:24 AM, in
Although the comment could just state it was his new key from
dd/mm/yyyy without mentioning any other key(s).
Bob could encrypt the message asking which key to both of Alice's keys
that looked valid. But if Bob's basis for deciding Alice's keys are
valid was simply his trust in the CAcert signatures, isn't the newer
key with the more recent signature a better bet?
Maybe this indicates a good reason to use expiry dates on keys. And
maybe a trusted revocation key that you don't actually use and that
lives offline somewhere secure, maybe even split, in case of such

@_date: 2010-05-17 17:47:33
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Help me to import my secret key please 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 12 May 2010 at 9:48:34 PM, in
Of course; the un-necessary comment would simply add emphasis.
Nearly 20% of the keys in my keyring have something in the User ID
that is clearly not part of a person's identity.
What would you say was a non-dubious use of the "comment" field within
the User ID?
True. An expiry date would have been useful on the thread-starter's
key, which was lost in a system failure, but obviously not in the case
of a compromised secret key.
A good point, well made.

@_date: 2010-05-18 16:55:51
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Comment fields in the User ID [was: Re: Help me to import my 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Monday 17 May 2010 at 9:54:38 PM, in
That's a good point. Even if checking signatures, such things might
not be shown to the user.
Presumably you would also make that User ID the primary one, so that
it had maximum visibility (-;  Of course, anybody gaining control of
your secret key could do the same and suggest people used a key of
their own creation instead... Hopefully your contacts would check the
validity of the suggested replacement before encrypting to it.

@_date: 2010-05-18 18:40:25
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Comment fields in the User ID [was: Re: Help me to import my 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Monday 17 May 2010 at 8:11:41 PM, in
That can be a useful, but doesn't really need the "comment" field; it
could just be typed as part of the person's name. Some would argue
that the "role" was part of the individual's identity; the same
individual in a different context is effectively a different identity.
I support that theory, but am mindful of a person's disparate
identities being more like a stew (where each ingredient affects the
others) than a series of discrete sausages.
"Better" as in "more elegantly." But also less visibly. I don't really
see how these messages would be handled as an OpenPGP notation; would
you envision them simply being displayed? I don't see a meaningful way
an implementation could act on the information except to await user
I think they are only useful for telling keys apart at-a-glance in a
list or GUI. And then, only when the comment is on the primary UID.

@_date: 2010-05-25 20:13:09
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: gpg output to a filename ending with .pgp 
Hash: SHA512
On Tuesday 25 May 2010 at 3:03:30 PM, in
This worked for me:-
gpg -e -r mfpa -o test.txt.pgp  test.txt

@_date: 2010-05-28 12:40:34
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: upgrading from 1.4.7 to 2.0.14 
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 28 May 2010 at 1:04:51 AM, in
On the PGPNET mailing list, a couple of members' keys cannot be
encrypted to by a member using GnuPG 2.x. People using 1.x have no
such issue. IIRC, the keys that 2.x won't encrypt to were generated at
Hushmail.com, and use the deprecated "RSA sign-only" and
"RSA encrypt-only" public key algorithms (algos 2 and 3) instead of
using RSA (algo 1) with the "key flags" subpacket.
If any of your contacts have similar keys you may experience this.

@_date: 2010-11-10 18:52:00
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Problems with two active encryption subkeys 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 10 November 2010 at 3:21:21 PM, in
, Hauke Laging
I thought Gunpg used the largest available subkey for the task, and
multiple appropriate sukeys were of the same size the newest would be
What happens when you specify the subkey with an exclamation mark (!)
after the key id?

@_date: 2010-11-10 19:26:46
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Password for keyring 
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 10 November 2010 at 11:32:09 AM, in
You might try the following option given in the gpg.man file:-
 --passphrase string
              Use  string as the passphrase. This can only be
              used if only one passphrase is supplied. Obviously,
              this is of very  questionable security  on  a
              multi-user system. Don't use this option if you can
              avoid it.

@_date: 2010-11-17 21:14:26
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: GPG on Windows 7? 
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 17 November 2010 at 7:53:17 PM, in
By default GPGshell is not integrated into the Windows Explorer
context menu; the option is available but not for 64-bit systems.

@_date: 2010-11-20 14:30:10
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: GPG on Windows 7? 
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 18 November 2010 at 12:01:06 PM, in
I find it automatically starts looking in the directory where I last
encrypted a file.
Also, if you have the GPGtools window open, you can drag the file
onto the "encrypt" icon...
In GPGshell's help file, section 3 Usage, paragraph 16 says:-
   "Translation-files (*.lng) in the application-directory will set
   the  language. You can still choose other languages from
   the dropdown-box in "Preferences/GPGshell.../Interface", of
   course."
In my case  is the only choice; I see it all in English and
have no *.lng files present.

@_date: 2010-11-20 15:56:03
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Gpg4Win 2.0.4 with GnuPG 1.4.11?? 
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 18 November 2010 at 3:50:34 PM, in
They probably remember the GnuPG 1.4.x release announcements that used
to include:-
   "GnuPG 1.4.x is the current stable branch and will be kept as the
   easy to use and build single-executable versions. We plan to
   backport new features from the development series to 1.4."

@_date: 2010-11-21 01:47:08
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Gpg4Win 2.0.4 with GnuPG 1.4.11?? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Saturday 20 November 2010 at 11:24:41 PM, in
Same format as any other posting I make to this list (except a thread
starter). All taken care of automatically by message templates.
And only differing from other lists I inhabit in two respects: this is
the only list I post to that requires a "CC" to the previous poster,
and the only one that doesn't reset the "Reply-To" header to the list
Fair enough. I only offered a plausible answer to your musing as to
why the thread starter considered the latest GnuPG 2.0.x version to be
"unstable." It's beyond me why that shouls upset you so much. (-:

@_date: 2010-10-12 00:42:11
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Encrytped email attachments 
Hash: SHA512
On Monday 11 October 2010 at 10:56:33 AM, in
All you need to do is encrypt the files before attaching them to the
email; I've not heard of a requirement to install anything extra.

@_date: 2010-10-14 00:02:41
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Confirmation for cached passphrases useful? 
Hash: SHA512
On Tuesday 12 October 2010 at 4:05:45 AM, in
The user can type their password once per session into a text file and
paste it every time it is requested. This reduces the annoyance factor
and does not train the user to constantly re-type the passphrase.

@_date: 2010-10-14 22:58:25
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Confirmation for cached passphrases useful? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 14 October 2010 at 3:18:47 PM, in
It was a non-serious suggestion of a simple, albeit obviously
insecure, way to overcome the two issues you mentioned in your
previous posting (about re-typing the passphrase each time the secret
key gets used being annoying and potentially insecure). As Dan Cowsill
points out, there are "password managers" available that allow the
user to copy/paste their passphrase in much the same way but store it
in an encrypted database.
That would depend on your threat model...

@_date: 2010-10-14 23:11:19
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Paranoid People's User Group? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Thursday 14 October 2010 at 10:00:12 PM, in
I've always thought it odd that they have an "unsubscribe" address but
not one to subscribe...

@_date: 2010-10-16 17:05:46
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Paranoid People's User Group? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Saturday 16 October 2010 at 1:07:20 AM, in
Makes sense. I've never seen it advertised, and unlike the unsubscribe
address it seems to be missing from the headers of the yahoogroup list

@_date: 2010-10-21 22:26:32
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Is there a maximum length for an OpenPGP UID? 
Hash: SHA512
Is there a maximum length for an OpenPGP UID?

@_date: 2010-10-22 01:29:34
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Is there a maximum length for an OpenPGP UID? 
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 22 October 2010 at 12:28:53 AM, in
, David Shaw
Thank you.
Does it matter how many characters are for "real name," "comment,"
"email address," or is it just a limit to the total length?

@_date: 2010-10-27 00:34:34
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Spam 
Hash: SHA512
On Tuesday 26 October 2010 at 3:04:51 PM, in
Or send a blank email from the subscribed address to
gnupg-users-request at gnupg.org with the subject line saying
"unsubscribe" (without quotes).

@_date: 2010-09-01 18:26:55
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: Offtopic: any German speakers who can help translate jokes to 
Hash: SHA512
On Tuesday 31 August 2010 at 3:47:24 PM, in
Nothing's off-topic for this group.
Google translate certainly wrecks the jokes!

@_date: 2010-09-18 01:19:47
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: gnupg passphrase can't create revocation certificate 
Hash: SHA512
On Wednesday 15 September 2010 at 11:02:04 AM, in
If you can't enter the correct passphrase, you also cannot sign
anything with that key and cannot decrypt anything encrypted to that
1. If you manage to work it out, change the passphrase and don't
publish the new one. A passphrase should not be public knowledge.
2. That looks like an incredibly short passphrase.
I don't know. But passphrases are case-sensitive. The caps lock may be
in the opposite setting to when you created the key? Additionally, a
different nationality of keyboard layout may move certain characters
to different keys, so check if this could have changed.

@_date: 2010-09-24 19:25:36
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: multiple keys vs multiple identities 
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 24 September 2010 at 1:15:24 PM, in
If you choose to include your email addresses in your user-IDs, having
all your identities on the same key means sharing all your email
addresses with anybody who knows any one of them. If you have a
problem with this, use multiple keys.
If there is any potential clash between the activities of somebody's
various identities themn multiple keys would be the way to go.
A single key-pair for all purposes is simpler to administrate (you
can't accidentally use the wrong key, for example, and you can more
easily participate in the web of trust).

@_date: 2010-09-24 19:32:07
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: multiple keys vs multiple identities 
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 24 September 2010 at 3:00:40 PM, in
I thought that gnupg and other openpgp implementations calculated
trust without regard to which user IDs had been certified.

@_date: 2010-09-25 02:20:13
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: multiple keys vs multiple identities 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Friday 24 September 2010 at 9:21:10 PM, in
OK, this is "validity" rather than "trust". What I meant is that (for
example) gnupg will refuse to encrypt to a key if it has no signature
from yourself and not enough signatures from other keys that you
"trust." And that it makes no difference which user-IDs have been
signed by yourself (or by the keys that you trust).
I've never managed to properly internalise this. I thought keys, that
you have not signed yourself, were "trusted" or not, based on how many
certifications that key carried from keys that you "trust" and
regardless of which individual uids actually carried those
certifications. Please correct me if this is incorrect.
- From      4.7) What are trust, validity and ownertrust?
     With GnuPG, the term "ownertrust" is used instead of "trust" to
     help clarify that this is the value you have assigned to a key to
     express how much you trust the owner of this key to correctly
     sign (and thereby introduce) other keys. The "validity", or
     calculated trust, is a value which indicates how much GnuPG
     considers a key as being valid (that it really belongs to the one
     who claims to be the owner of the key). For more information on
     trust values see the chapter "The Web of Trust" in The GNU
     Privacy Handbook.
Not sure what any of this has to do with the binding between a User ID
and its public key. But clear (while looking at definitions) that
"ownertrust" is whether you trust the key owner to make reliable
certifications, and that validity is whether you accept the key as
really belonging to the entity it purports to belong to.
Perfectly consistent. Keeping their private key and passphrase secure
says nothing about how thoroughly somebody will check credentials
before signing other people's keys.
I would note that it could still be useful to know your key signed a
particular document, even if I didn't believe who you claimed to be.

@_date: 2010-09-28 01:15:20
@_author: MFPA 
@_subject: how slow are 4Kbit RSA keys? [was: Re: multiple keys vs multiple 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
On Monday 27 September 2010 at 8:14:31 PM, in
In "proper" computers. But in mobile phones and the like?
For tasks that are repeated frequently, more than about 0.7 seconds
quickly becomes an irritation. For operations repeated just a handful
of times a day, it's a different story.
Not to me, because I don't use one. (-;
