
@_date: 2013-08-09 00:17:40
@_author: Khelben Blackstaff 
@_subject: Question about notations and domains 
I am sorry if this is already answered but i could not find anything
relevant in the archive.
Quick introduction: I got a new smart card and reader so i thought to
create a temporary test key and document on my blog all the steps i
did over the years. In the next post i want to describe the policy urls
and notations i use.
If i have understood the standard correctly, notations should have
the form tag at my.domain.tld using a domain i own because my meaning
for "tag" might be different than someone else's. Is this correct ?
Some users do not own a domain but have a github account. For some time
now, github supports creating a repository containing html files and
naming it username.github.io. Then  renders all
the files in that repository as a normal webpage.
I wouldn't want to encourage bad practice so i worry if i should
mention this functionality or not.
(for example issuer-fpr at username.github.io=%g)
The user controls the content of the repository but he does not "own"
the domain (neither it is a real domain). Also sending e-mail to the
notation name will not work (though this functionality is optional).
Are notations with such a "domain" a valid case or are considered bad
practice and should not be used ?
Another question i have is about the pgpmime notation. I see many
people using it verbatim "preferred-email-encoding at pgp.com=pgpmime".
Shouldn't  be changed to the domain of each user ?
Thank you for your time.

@_date: 2013-08-09 09:09:38
@_author: Khelben Blackstaff 
@_subject: Question about notations and domains 
First, thank you for replying.
Perhaps i did not phrase my question correctly, but i did not mean to
use the github url as e-mail address in the UID. As i put in the
subject, i meant it only for notations.
Let me describe it a bit better. When you own a real domain that hosts
your web page, you can put your public key, a text file describing your
signing policy and you can even also put files describing the exact
procedure of that cerfitication (for example saying "I met Khelben
Blackstaff on a cafe, he shown me his id and passport, ......").
You can then set gnupg to automatically embed this info to the
signatures. For example:
default-keyserver-url sig-notation issuer-fpr at your.domain.tld=%g
cert-notation signotes at your.domain.tld=
set-policy-url The domain is yours so it is perfectly fine to use it on the notations.
Yes it is very easy and cheap to acquire a domain but not everyone has
one and i do not think he will get one just to use with gpg. I
hardly persuade my friends to use gpg in the first place.
That is why i wanted to mention that he can do the same thing with
github. He can put his policy and key notes on his github "web page"
and then use that "domain" as a notation. The notation that would be
embedded in the signature would be issuer-fpr at username.github.io
I never meant to use the github url in the UID. I hope my explanation
is better now and not more confusing.
Thank you again.

@_date: 2013-08-09 09:43:35
@_author: Khelben Blackstaff 
@_subject: Question about notations and domains 
I only replied to Mr. Shaw and not to the list so i send this again.
On Fri, 9 Aug 2013 00:09:29 -0400
Yes i understood the two namespaces but i had not understood that the
proper domain is the one of the person who defines the tag. I had
the impression that everyone should use his own domain.
So, in the case of the issuer-fpr notation, which if i am not wrong
was introduced by Mr. Gillmor, the proper notation is
issuer-fpr at notations.openpgp.fifthhorseman.net and not
issuer-fpr at my.domain.tld ?
Thank you for replying Mr. Shaw.

@_date: 2013-08-11 17:44:12
@_author: Khelben Blackstaff 
@_subject: Question about notations and domains 
Is there a notation definition for mentioning the procedure followed
for each specific certification ? For example "I met Werner Koch
at the linux convention in Hamburg and verified his passport, then sent
a e-mail challenge, etc".
I have seen 1-2 people using signotes@ but i do not know if it is
widely used or if there is a more appropriate tagname.
Also is there a list or "registry" containing the defined notations ?
The only ones i am aware of are preferred-email-encoding and issuer-fpr.
Thank you again.

@_date: 2013-11-21 18:17:52
@_author: Khelben Blackstaff 
@_subject: Removing Policy URLs 
I would like to know how can i remove a policy url from a (sub)key
(it isn't stored on a key server). There is probably a very easy way
to do it but i could not find it in the manpage or the mailing list
I use set-policy-url in gpg.conf and it works fine but i forgot it
when i generated a new authentication key and it got the policy url.
I tried "set-policy-url none" together with a expire date change so that
the signature is modified but the policy wasn't touched. I tried
"key 3" and delsig but delsig needs a uid and not a subkey.
How can i delete the policy url (or the whole signature and recreate it)
from a subkey ?
Thank you for your time.

@_date: 2014-03-03 12:24:39
@_author: Khelben Blackstaff 
@_subject: Removing Policy URLs 
I am writing again in case my first message went unnoticed. Forgive me
if "bumping" a question is considered bad manners.
As i said in my original question, is there a way to remove a Policy
URL from a (sub)key ?
Thank you again.

@_date: 2014-03-03 16:29:18
@_author: Khelben Blackstaff 
@_subject: Removing Policy URLs 
Thank you for the quick reply.
I had the impression that it cannot be done but because notations
can be removed, i thought i should ask.
