
@_date: 2017-04-09 20:21:01
@_author: Jeffrey Stedfast 
@_subject: What could make GnuPG + Enigmail "easier"? 
You aren't seeing why because you aren't really listening. You are focusing on the button clicks required and thinking "but it's just a click of a button or a checkbox in my email configuration options!"
What you *aren't* hearing is:
1. *Why* should I care about signing my emails? Other people trying to impersonate me by falsifying emails from me is extremely low, other than perhaps the odd spam message here and there. And that's not *my* problem, that's *their* problem.
2. *Why* should I care about encrypting my emails? None of my emails are worth encrypting. Seriously, though, the risk of "hackers" or who-ever getting a hold of my emails is low and there's nothing really vital in them anyway.
3. Sure, clicking a button or checkbox might be easy, but what about the added hassle of managing my PGP keys? Now I have to upload them to a server so other people can get them? Ugh. I also have to copy them back and forth between the different computers that I use? More work. And I gotta keep my keys safe, as well? Jeez.
4. Just because I have a PGP key and sign my emails, it doesn't mean other people can automatically trust that they are from me. First they have to verify that the key id/fingerprint matches the key that I created. This means that for all practical purposes, unless I'm going to get involved in a *community* of PGP users that all sign each others keys, it's worthless.
For the average email user, signing their emails has little-to-no added In general, they either know the person personally in which case they probably have a good idea whether or not an email is actually from said person or not simply based on pattern recognition of their writing style and/or topics being discussed. They can also verify emails by talking to the other person face-to-face or over the phone, skype, etc - for *important* emails, this often happens anyway.
In other words, the people you are trying to convince to use PGP with Enigmail are saying "it's too hard" because that is the result of their cost/benefit analysis. It's not that clicking buttons or a checkbox is "too hard", it's that they don't *want to* for the minimal gain it will get them.
Hope that helps,

@_date: 2019-01-24 08:27:02
@_author: Jeffrey Stedfast 
@_subject: Calling GnuPG ME library from managed .NET 
Hi Markus,
I came across this project (altho not this particular fork) in my search a few years ago myself and it seemed to be a dead project. Looks like this past year they changed the license from LGPL to MIT.
The main problem I had was that this library was tied to a 32-bit version of libgpgme.dll which didn't fit my needs seeing as how I was working on an open source S/MIME & PGP/MIME library: I ended up having to use the BouncyCastle crypto library instead (that may be what you guys are already using?).
At the time, GnuPG 2.0.x was what all the distros were shipping and was what most Mac and Windows users were also using, so I was able to implement code to load the user's gpg.conf and keyrings. Unfortunately, the file format changed with GnuPG 2.1.x and I have not yet been able to figure out how to load the user's keyrings anymore.
That said, MimeKit can read exported keyrings from gpg 2.1.x. I'm not sure if that is at all helpful to you or not...
As I mentioned above, MimeKit is probably your only Open Source alternative (but, as I noted above, my library does not use GnuPG directly).
As far as commercial goes, you could look at Rebex ( and IP*Works ( although they have their own crypto libraries and do not make any use of GnuPG as far as I'm aware.
I'm pretty sure that 1.7 is compat (my  c-library depends only on gpgme 1.7 and works with gnupg 2.1.x).
This is something I can't answer because I've never built GPGME on Windows.
Hope my answer has been at least somewhat helpful, altho I'm sure it's not quite the answer you were hoping for :(
