
@_date: 2014-05-13 18:58:42
@_author: Fizzlifax 
@_subject: Result of the crowdfounding 
Hi freaks,
Hi Werner,
I was now looking at the results of the last goteo-campain and I am a little bit shocked about the costs for such a campaign.
I am shure, that everybody did his best and for better understanding would like to submit some questions:
- there ist a position of:
       Campaign manager 	5390,-- ?
and an other of:
      Goteo fee 	2939,-- ?
What for is this campaign manager? - Is this a part of goteo or of gnupg or somebody else?
another question ist the VAT for about  5212,-- ?
What are these taxes for? - I thought the vat of the t-shirts and stickers would be included? or is it as supplement for the goteo fee?
Nevertheless - there are for a for a result of 37270,-- ? Costs in an amout of 50%!
Means that of every euro arrives to the goal only 1/2 an euro.
My question now: Would'nt it be better to put every year some "Index" in the top of the gnupg-website with the actual need for the runnig year and beg for direkt donations?
1.) we would save all the stress and stuff of a campaign
2.) there would be much less costs and less need to spend. or
3.) more money for the objectives...
I think the rebuild of the website should include such a feature and if not some of the rest of the money should be used for realizing it for.
best wishes

@_date: 2014-05-14 21:49:57
@_author: Fizzlifax 
@_subject: Result of the crowdfounding 
Hi Werner,
thanks a lot for Your freely explications! - This was really interesting
for me...
another question ist the VAT for about  5212,-- ?
You see here for ex. one important reason for a non profit-Organisation
as "juridic subject" of the goals...
another one for any- or -bigger donations - would be exoneration of tax
for the donator... - so we pay actually twice taxes.. ;-(
Next problem we have often seen, when open-Source Projects in reason of
private-ownership turned suddenly in closed source...! whats quite
annoying after it...
Best would be something like a foundation (Stiftung). With the
Participation of several gov-institutions there would also be some
interesting support for employment however the most problem is still the
lazyness and anxious of the peoples to use encryption... or loose the
passphrase or even private key...
There for I would be happy if there would be a possibilty to involve
some identy-card with nfc-able smartphones... - but this is another
Nevertheless if foundation there would may be more possibiltities to
enlarge the range of security tools...? I think after all NSA-Problems
there could be some interest it for outsides of the friends in the
Salam Shalom
