
@_date: 2013-04-15 14:47:41
@_author: Forlasanto 
@_subject: Backing up Private Keys 
If I were trying to prevent my key from falling into the wrong hands and
make it impossible to brute-force the key, then I'd use Shamir's Secret
Sharing to split the key, and stash all the pieces in separate secure
locations. Then it won't matter if they can brute-force the key; if they
don't collect enough of the pieces, they simply are not going to be able
to reconstruct the key, period. You could /tell /them the password, and
it still wouldn't do any harm, unless they collect enough of the pieces.
Actually, this can make for great scavenger hunts and geocache hunts, too.
Cryptool also has an implementation of it that helps understand how it
works.

@_date: 2013-03-29 00:06:33
@_author: Forlasanto 
@_subject: gpg for anonymous users - Alternative to the web of trust? 
Pseudonyms are fine by me. I don't have a problem signing a pseudonym
key. The pseudonym just has to have context that I can verify. For
instance, if the claim is "Whonix signing key," then that tells me the
way to verify the key is by checking the signature of various releases
of Whonix. If there is a verifiable history of Whonix releases that are
signed by the same key, then I can say "Yes, this key is owned by the
entity that is signing Whonix releases." I'd have to verify this over an
extended period of time, so that if the official website were hacked,
the maintainer had time respond and raise a question about the
legitimacy of the signing key.  But beyond that, I'm getting what I need
to verify a pseudonym. He's not claiming that he's independent from all
government agencies; he's claiming that he is the signer of the distro
releases, period. I can live with that, assuming I took those simple few
verification steps.
I do the same with the key associated with this email address (and
reddit user id). It is what it is: you can know without any real doubt
that that key is truly associated with those accounts by doing a little
research, and since I've made no further claims about the pseudonym,
that's truly good enough.
Claiming that a key is associated with an actual identity is a different
story. In that case, I would be stating that the name on my key is my
legal identity, which is quite a different claim with vastly different
implications. Therefore, I expect such a key to be verified by, at the
very least, picture identification. I have a friend who requires a
notarized document stating that the key in question belongs to the
person holding that identification. Not a bad plan, really; it uses a
Notary Public to act as a sort of CA, and allows for signing keys that
you may not have personally verifed. You just need to verify the
signature of the Notary Public.
Having said that, I don't believe a pseudonym can be truly anonymous.
Humans leak information. It's in our nature. It takes insane measures
that go directly against human nature simply to/minimize/ information
leakage during communication, and it is impossible to prevent that
information leakage /entirely./  A pseudonym is like a lock on a door.
It only accomplishes keeping out people who don't know enough or care
enough to pick the lock. They can be useful, but I can't recommend one
for the purpose of anonymity. It goes back to that whole "security
through obscurity" concept. It just doesn't work. All it takes is one
person to "blow your cover." The only real exceptions I can think of to
that are impersonating someone else, and throwaway identities that you
only use once.
Ironically, forlasanto literally means, "one that is thrown away." It
was originally intended to be a one-off, throwaway identity. But that
just goes to prove my point: the fact that I chose an Esperanto
pseudonym leaks a lot of information about me, and narrows the possible
real identities for me down from 7 billion to about 5-7 million. That's
a huge leak! The fact that my posts are in American English narrow it
down even further--to maybe a few ten thousands. That's before a single
post was read for it's content. See what I mean? We leak information
like sieves.
Another huge leak for keys is signatures. Who signed your key, and when?
This alone can leak your true identity, and it's something you don't
have effective control over.
Forgive me for saying so, but for something as high-profile as a linux
distro, using a pseudonym for signing the distro for the sake of
anonymity doesn't sound like a great plan. If^H^H^Hwhen someone cracks
your identity, it will somewhat discredit you and your distro as far as
being capable of maintaining anyone's anonymity.
Sorry for the text wall.

@_date: 2013-03-29 11:41:51
@_author: Forlasanto 
@_subject: gpg for anonymous users - Alternative to the web of trust? 
Using your real identity would be the alternative. The trade-off is
easier key signatures vs. identity obscurity. It would only be safer in
the sense that there won't be a scandal when/if your identity is
uncovered. Odds are, it won't be a big deal to many people,
realistically--but you never know what the future holds, right? As long
as you are comfortable with any possible future implications, then go
for it.
The web of trust is simply a conventional way for people to judge how
trustworthy your key is. Nothing more, nothing less. If you can
establish that trust some other way, then don't worry so much about the
web of trust. That's my opinion. No one is going to beat down your door
to sign your key, you'll have to ask them to do so. You can go to
key-signing parties and explain that your only purpose for the key is
signing the distro, and you'll probably get a few takers. The
alternative is, have an online keysigning party with all of the
developers of your distro, and everybody signs everyone else's key.
Or alternately you, as the distro manager, sign the keys of all your
lieutenants, and then they sign yours, plus all of their subordinates.
Then your key signatures would match your chain of command, and it would
actually work the way a web of trust is supposed to work. (that is, even
though you might not know their subordinates, you trust your
lieutenant's signatures, and therefore can consider their subordinates'
keys to be valid.) At that point, as far as  the outside world is
concerned, you are deeply connected to the project, and it is reasonable
to trust that your key is valid, within it's context. And /within/ the
distro's community, your key would be pretty solidly trusted, I'd say.

@_date: 2013-03-29 19:15:51
@_author: Forlasanto 
@_subject: gpg for anonymous users - Alternative to the web of trust? 
Ok, I retract the word "scandal."  I suppose the distro would have to
garner a very large amount of attention and some wild assertions made
before a "scandal" would be possible. It was just a thought that popped
into my head. :)

@_date: 2013-05-28 11:17:01
@_author: Forlasanto 
@_subject: [OT] Why are you using the GPG / PGP keys? 
The fact remains that email is "the house that Jack built." The wall
plugs are upside down, the wiring is sketchy at best, the plumbing is
crazy and doesn't function correctly, the house is half wood and half
brick, and/Jack forgot to put locks on the doors./
The fact that younger generations don't see email as a viable system is
telling. It's an opportunity for something /better /to take email's
place. Hopefully something with built-in encryption, rather than
encryption tacked on as an afterthought. Just my two cents.
