
@_date: 2009-09-29 11:19:19
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Export key to multiple servers 
You don't need a public key to suppress this warning.  The reason gpg is
warning about the validity of this key is that when gpg exports keys,
the ownertrust information, which is kept in ~/.gnupg/trustdb.gpg, isn't
exported with the key.  When you imported the keys onto your server, gpg
didn't import any ownertrust information.
If you created a signing key (we'll call it AABBCCDD) and signed your
key 12345678 with AABBCCDD, gpg wouldn't trust the signature unless it
trusted the owner of the key (ownertrust).  The answer lies in fixing
the ownertrust.
You need to edit the key with the following commands.
gpg --edit-key 12345678
Gpg will ask how much trust to give.  Choose 5, which is ultimate,
because you own the secret key.

@_date: 2010-04-05 18:37:31
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: What to do when subkey expires? 
Hash: SHA256
Create new ones.  You don't need to delete or revoke them, because no
one is going to use them now that they have expired.
- -Paul

@_date: 2010-04-06 16:44:34
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Receiving invalid packet errors when decryption Ascii Armored data 
Hash: SHA256
issues decrypting our files.  We are ASCII armoring the file before we send
it, and they are receiving a error of:
around the ASCII Armor header/trailer records.
I've seen this with Binary (non- ASCII armored) files.
that the vendor is also using GNUPG from the error email I get, but I don't
know the version.
Have you and the vendor compared checksums on the ASCII-armored files to
confirm that the files that you sent and the files that they received
are identical?
- -Paul

@_date: 2010-04-27 13:09:38
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Moving from PGP to GPG 
Hash: SHA256
Well first, you can use GnuPG without converting your existing
PGP-encrypted files.  PGP and GnuPG both implement the same protocol
(i.e. set of rules) called OpenPGP, and because of that, they both use
the same file formats.
Secondly, are you sure that your public keys haven't been imported?
When you import your private keys, the public keys are imported with
them.  The reason is that a copy of the public key is kept with the
secret key.  You should be able to list your public and secret keys with
the following commands:
*List public keys
gpg --list-keys *List secret keys
gpg --list-secret-keys
The first command will list keys which have user IDs matching , and the second will list all of your secret keys.
If you would like a GUI program for using GnuPG, there are Seahorse, Gnu
Privacy Assistant (GPA), and KGpg (for KDE).  If you are using Fedora
with the GNOME desktop environment (which is the default), then Seahorse
is probably installed.
If any of this is unclear to you or you found your solution, please let
us know.
- -Paul

@_date: 2010-04-27 14:12:16
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: PGP Installation Problems on Sun OS 
Hash: SHA256
So by that last line, do you mean that each time that you typed a
command you got a "KSH: NOT FOUND" error? For example:
KSH: NOT FOUND
KSH: NOT FOUND
KSH: NOT FOUND
Or do you mean that ./configure gives you a "KSH: NOT FOUND" error?
Also, did ./configure succeed and did it fail and give an error?  If
./configure failed, please reply with the contents of the error.  It
will make a big difference in determining what went wrong.
- -Paul

@_date: 2010-04-30 02:48:36
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: PGP Installation Problems on Sun OS 
Hash: SHA256
Well, the trouble that you're having is that the libraries that Gnupg
2.0.15 needs aren't installed.  The purpose of libraries is to make it
possible for programmers to separate certain instructions from their
programs so that they and other programmers can easily reuse those
instructions in different programs.  When installed, those libraries are
contained in directories such as /lib, /usr/lib, and /usr/local/lib.
Since you don't have those libraries, you have to install them.  You can
either do this by installing them by using a package manager or by
building the libraries yourself and installing them.
Those library tar files that you downloaded contain the source code for
each of those libraries.  You need unpack each of them into some
temporary place.  Then one by one, you will need to cd into each of them
and run ./configure, make, and make install.
You should build and install the GNU Pth library first, because you will
need it for when you compile libassuan.
If you have problems compiling, reply the details of the steps that you
took and the error messages that you got.
- -Paul

@_date: 2010-08-07 12:59:45
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
Well, I have some numbers to show the frequency of NETMK (Not
Encrypted To My Key) messages.  I was on the PGPNET mailing list for
just over three months, and these are my findings (note that all of
these numbers are from the day that I joined to the day that roll call
ended and my key was removed).
681 Messages sent by members of the list
628 Encrypted messages
36 NETMK messages
37-41 Keys
37-40 Members
32 Members sent encrypted messages
13 Members were responsible for not encrypting to someone's key
12 Members sent NETMK messages
And for what it's worth:
22 Messages weren't encrypted to my key
So for me that makes approximately 1 in 29 encrypted messages was not
encrypted to my key, 1 in 19 of all messages was a NETMK message, and 1
in 12 of all messages was either not encrypted to my key or a NETMK
Hope this is enlightening. :-)

@_date: 2010-08-08 00:22:55
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
My apology.  Two of the numbers that I posted were wrong.  The total of
encrypted messages should be 641, and the number of members who didn't
encrypt to someone's key was 18.  Also, note that the ratios that I gave
are still correct despite the corrections.  I have reposted the original
message with the corrected numbers below.
-----Corrected message below-----
Well, I have some numbers to show the frequency of NETMK (Not
Encrypted To My Key) messages.  I was on the PGPNET mailing list for
just over three months, and these are my findings (note that all of
these numbers are from the day that I joined to the day that roll call
ended and my key was removed).
681 Messages sent by members of the list
641 Encrypted messages
36 NETMK messages
37-41 Keys
37-40 Members
32 Members sent encrypted messages
18 Members were responsible for not encrypting to someone's key
12 Members sent NETMK messages
And for what it's worth:
22 Messages weren't encrypted to my key
So for me that makes approximately 1 in 29 encrypted messages was not
encrypted to my key, 1 in 19 of all messages was a NETMK message, and 1
in 12 of all messages was either not encrypted to my key or a NETMK

@_date: 2010-08-08 00:39:07
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
True.  In fact over a third of all NETMK messages (14 to be exact) were
to members who posted fewer than ten messages in that three month period.

@_date: 2010-08-08 23:30:40
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
Hi MFPA,
Actually, the number of encrypted messages that I originally posted was
incorrect.  The real number is 641.  I replied to my original post and
posted the correct numbers.  You can find them at this link
No Yahoo notifications were counted in any of the numbers that I posted,
since none of those messages were from someone on or joining the list.
But all other messages were counted, including my initial post of my
public key.
36 is correct. I took note of every NETMK (Not Encrypted To My Key)
message, who was complaining, and who hadn't encrypted.
Also note that 36 NETMK messages does not mean 36 messages that weren't
encrypted to someone's key.  Sometimes a person had multiples messages
that he couldn't decrypt, and sometimes multiple people responded to the
same initial message with NETMK messages.
I agree with Hansen that this is seems almost like cherry picking, but I
will give it to you anyway. Six in the first week and four in the last week.
But before you say, "Ah ha," know that four of the first week's messages
were from a person that had successfully sent encrypted messages to me
prior in that same week.  Also two of the last week's were not due to
someone removing my key from his list of keys.  In both cases someone
else couldn't read the poster's message and the poster replied with a
message the NETMK complainer and I could read.
It's not that you need this much detail, but without it you might come
to incorrect conclusions about the causes of the messages that I
couldn't decrypt.
As for the proportion of unencrypted message, see the top of this message.
No one sent NETMK messages in the last week.  But if I deduct the 4
messages that I could not decrypt that were sent in the last week, then
the ratio of NETMK messages plus messages not encrypted me to all
messages is approximately 1 in 13.

@_date: 2010-08-08 23:24:57
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
Actually, the most amusing and bizarre mistake is that people sometimes
encrypt to only *their* key.  That happened 30% of the time.

@_date: 2010-08-09 23:44:45
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
Exactly.  I figured from the start that with few people and messages
that I wasn't going to find anything more than gross trends.

@_date: 2010-08-24 02:30:47
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: gnuPGP Setup 
He can do one of two things.  He can export his public key into a file
and, by some means, deliver the file to you, or he send his public key
to a keyserver so the you can fetch it from the keyserver.
He imports it into his program.  If he is using the program that you are
using, then he clicks the "Import" button and selects the file.
Also, note that public keys are not encrypted when exported.  That is
only done for private keys, because there is no danger in revealing a
public key but the inverse for a private key.
Concerning the first question here, it depends on the way he chooses to
deliver his key to you (please see my top paragraph).  And concerning
the second, you import it into your program.  In the program that you
are using, click the "Import" button and select the public key file.
No problem.  No one was ever born an expert.  ;-)
All right.  Let's start by exporting your public key.  And since your
GUI is GNU Privacy Assistant, I will refer to it as GPA.
A) Select your key in GPA.
B) Click the "Export" button.
C) Enter the filename that you want.
You're done.  Now give that file to your recipient by whatever means you
will.  Now wait for him to give you his public key.  If he gives you a
file with his public key in it, follow the steps below.
A) In GPA, click the "Import" button.
B) Select the file that your recipient gave you.
Done.  Now have your recipient perform each of these series of steps as
you have, and both of you will be able communicate securely.
Also, please follow the advice given to you by Simon Richter and Faramir
about ensuring that you and your recipient have the correct keys.
PGP Key ID: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2010-08-25 22:10:55
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Strange behaviour of gpg when importing key from keyserver 
The equivalent for "O" is "N", because the English word here would be
"Next".  For example:
Keys 1-6 of 12 for "Faramir".  Enter number(s), N)ext, or Q)uit >
PGP Key ID: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2010-02-25 14:30:00
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
In my case, the reason that I uploaded my keys to public keyservers was
to make it possible for anyone who wanted to privately communicate with
me to do so.  Even if I didn't know them.
If the reason for keeping the public key to yourself is that you don't
want anyone, except for a selected few, to know your "secret" e-mail
address, then create two e-mail addresses.  One will only be shared with
people you know intimately, and the other will be for the public.
I never understood how anyone would want to use PGP for e-mail privacy,
and, subsequently, keep the public key a secret!  I don't see any reason
why a person would keep his key off the public keyservers, short of
preventing spam.  And you know what, he would get spammed anyway.

@_date: 2010-02-25 14:03:11
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
My error.  I didn't CC the following message to the mailing list.

@_date: 2010-02-26 23:11:35
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: problem with ownertrust value 
Not quite.  You are not setting the ownertrust value for all users but
for yourself, as a person.  The ownertrust value is about how much you,
as a person, trust the possessor of the key to validate keys that he
signs.  Even though you tried setting the ownertrust by specifying a
different "local user" each time, GnuPG didn't change the value in
relation to the "local user" but in relation to you the person.
You can't.  See the above.

@_date: 2010-02-27 15:19:43
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
GnuPG doesn't, at least as of 1.4.10, force you to include an e-mail
address in your user ID.  It merely requests an e-mail address, and you
can just press enter and ignore the request.

@_date: 2010-02-27 22:01:41
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
Speculation isn't any more progress than an idea is action.  Speculation
buttressed with facts leads, in time, to progress.  But speculation,
like an idea, is only the germ of what it is intended to create.

@_date: 2010-02-27 21:50:10
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
I think that MFPA has succinctly summed up his point of view in these
two quotes.

@_date: 2010-02-28 22:12:47
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
Naturally, you have to search for facts if you are going to support a
new idea.

@_date: 2010-03-06 00:54:41
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
Hello MFPA,
During this whole debate, you have assumed one thing in your argument
that I don't believe anyone has pointed out as being flawed.  You have
assumed that the person (I will call him John Doe) would have decided
to create a UID that contained the personal information that he wants
to keep private.
If the person wanted badly to keep his e-mail address, or his e-mail
address and his name, private, why would he put them on his key.
Especially, when he knows that all it takes is one slip up or
deliberate upload to send his public key flying across the Internet
and into a keyserver to remain there forever.
Here are three examples of John Doe wanting to keep the privacy of his
personal information and still use PGP.  I am using these examples,
because they are usage cases that you have used in your arguments.
The usage cases are as follows: (a) John Doe doesn't want to disclose
his e-mail address; (b) John Doe doesn't want to disclose his name
or e-mail address; (c) John Doe doesn't want to disclose his name or
e-mail address, because he fears that his government will send him
to a gulag if they catch him.
Usage Case (a)
John Doe knows that he doesn't, under any circumstances, want his
name or e-mail address to be disclosed to the public, because he
only wants to communiate with a select group of people.  So instead
of creating a UID without a real name and e-mail address, he creates
one with his name and e-mail address.  After all, he will only use
it with people he trusts.
For communicating with the web at large, he uses a pseudonym and
a disposable e-mail address.  But even though John is separates
communications with people he knows from people he doesn't know,
he still doesn't want his personal information on the Internet.
For this reason, John is careful to ensure that his key isn't publicly
One day, a friend tells John that he wants to apologize to John.
The friend tells John that he accidentally uploaded John's key to
the keyservers.
Usage Case (c)
In each of these cases, John Doe made the mistake of thinking that
he could keep his personal information in his key, and that he could
keep his key off the keyservers.  If John were to make the wisest
decision about keeping his personal informaton secret, wouldn't he
choose to not include this information in a key that is probable to
end up in a public venue?
Please use my PGP key when sending me e-mail, if you can.
PGP Key ID: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2010-03-06 00:55:48
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
Hello MFPA,
How far do the "rights" of the key holder go?  You say that the key's
originator should control the dissemination of the key to the keyserver,
but what about from the keyserver?  Isn't the keyserver unwittingly
sharing the key without the originator's permission?  And if the
keyserver should control dissemination, what are the limits of the
originator's "rights"?
If the originator does have "rights" to control copying and sharing, are
there any "fair use rights" for the person who has a copy of the public
key?  Should these "rights" of the originator be enforced by some
governing body, or should they be merely courtesy or suggestion?
You wouldn't send all of your mail written on the back of postcards
would you?  Then why would you send your e-mail the same way?

@_date: 2010-03-07 21:35:08
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
Hello MFPA,
I never asserted that you said the key's originator owned the
information stored in the key.  I was quoting the context of what your
reply about the originator having "some rights" was about.  I would
never try to insert words into your mouth.
This is the reply you gave to Robert J. Hansen.  I have asked about what
you believe the limit of the "rights" of the originator is.  I didn't
ask this because I am trying to twist your words to make it seem as
though you believe that the originator has a right by law to prevent the
key holder from disseminating it.  I used this quote, because I believe
that it states, in your own words, what you have been saying, either
directly or by implication, during this whole discussion thread.
[snipped the rest of the paragraph]
You have began by answering a question that I never asked.  I have only
asserted that you believe that the originator has "some rights".  I
never used the word "own".  I used the word "rights".
Really, I am not interested in talking about what the law says.  The law
may be right, or the law may be wrong.  I don't want to know what the
law thinks, I want to know what you think.
I know what the others have said--I have read every posting in this
thread.  As for "should", I intentionally chose that word.
For the record, I don't believe that the key holder should upload the
key if the key's originator doesn't want the key in some public venue
(forget the keyservers, it's about public availability).  But I don't
believe the originator has a /right/ to prevent the key holder from
sharing it.
Good.  I accomplished my goal of making you think about your position. :-)
I don't believe the keyserver (or the church) is responsible for
another's actions.  But I wanted to see whether you thought the
keyserver should be responsible.
The only problem that I can see with the keyserver preventing any
modification of the originator's key, is that it could prevent someone
else from ever revoking their signature on the originator's key.  That
would be, of course, if absolutely no modification is allowed.
The "rights" that you are asserting are similar to copyrights.  They
both restrict the copying and dissemination of the information
associated with them.  So if the key holder can't ethically (not talking
about physically) share the key or modify it, then what "rights" does
the key holder have?
Your purpose for keyservers and my purpose for keyservers are different.
 I believe that keyservers should be for the public dissemination of
keys.  You believe that keyservers should be for the private
dissemination of keys.
What /you/ want is a keyserver that you can upload publicly and share
privately.  I want is a keyserver that I can upload publicly and share
Remember that they are called public keyservers.  And like a public
restroom, they can be used by deviant and saint alike.
You shouldn't assail the public keyservers.  You should be calling for
an additional kind of keyserver to fill the niche of people like you.
New Windows 7: Double the DRM, Double the fun! Learn more:

@_date: 2010-03-07 22:04:44
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
Hello MFPA,
I will summarize the "rights" and restrictions that I believe you say
that an OpenPGP user has with another's public key.  I will call this
the rules of "Key Rights Management" or KRM for short.
Rights of the Key Originator
* Free to use the key when communicating with the originator.
* May keep multiple copies of the key so long as the key holder takes
steps to protect the key from unauthorized copying and distribution.
* None more.  You should be glad the originator was lenient enough to
allow you to have the first two.
[1] Original Signature Content is the signatures that are attached, at
the will of the originator, to the key.  By default no one may add
signatures to this Original Signature Content without the owner's
PGP Key ID: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2010-03-07 23:44:42
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
I am assuming that a person inhabited with the desire to protect his
personal information would analyze the safety of using a UID with the
information that he wants to protect.  A person worried about the
disclosure of his personal information is unlikely to say, "Huh.  I
guess I don't have an option concerning my privacy."
I am also assuming that the user has intelligence and judgment.  If the
user is stupid and foolish, nothing can save him.  By saying that he
must have intelligence and judgment, I mean that he must be able to
realize that he needs to be competent in the tool that he is using.  How
could a person of judgment believe that he could have the minimum
knowledge of how to use cryptography and his OpenPGP tool, and believe
that he will successfully protect his privacy?
The person concerned with the releasing of his personal information
might make the mistakes that you have said.  But the kind of person that
you are talking about has minimal knowledge in OpenPGP and the tools to
implement it and has less than adequate reasoning.
I have been naive before.  But I didn't begin using GnuPGP while I was
still naive about it.  I studied how cryptography and OpenPGP worked,
how to use gpg, and how to use it with e-mail and files.
I won't claim that I am better or more knowledgeable than some of the
other smart people on this mailing list, but I will say that I am smart
enough to teach others how it works.  Actually, it was my goal to
understand the concepts and the tools well enough to teach others.
You don't have to have the most understanding in order to teach others,
but you do have to have /enough/ understanding in what you want to teach
in order to teach others.
Naivety in how to protect your privacy leads to having no privacy.  Take
for example how it is that many young people share the intimate details
of their lives on social networks, chat rooms, et cetera.  They are
naive and *foolish*.
While training these kids on how to protect their privacy could lead to
many of them abandoning such unsafe practices, this doesn't mean that
someone who already wants privacy would think that those same unsafe
practices were safe.
That is what I was saying in the previous posting.  Someone who desires
privacy will do what it takes to get it.  That includes dispelling his
naivety with knowledge.
As for the person not realizing how easy it would be to accidentally
upload a public key to a keyserver, I was never that naive.  I was aware
of it from the beginning.  My key wasn't on the keyservers, initially (I
chose to upload it later).  But I knew that if I was careless it could
wind up there.
Maybe it is that I am an above average user.  Maybe.  Maybe it is just
that I exercised judgment.  Maybe I expect others to do the same.
"You are free to rip me off.  Just remember to credit me."  --self
PGP Key ID: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2010-03-13 03:15:32
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
Hello MFPA,
I couldn't respond to your post for a while.  So here it is.
Okay.  So we both misunderstood each other.  Problem solved.
The issue of law is not "an integral part of the answer" to the question
of what should be.  It is an integral part of the answer to what is.
If I were to ask you whether every day should be like Christmas, you
would likely respond that every day couldn't be like Christmas.  Sure,
every day couldn't be like Christmas, because of the way people are, but
that doesn't mean that that is the way things ought to be.
The reason I wanted you to discuss what you believe without regard to
the law is because the law is just another man's opinion.  I was asking
for only yours.
It depends.  Are we talking about ethical rights or lawful rights.
I think the key holder has the ethical and lawful rights to use and
distribute the key if the key's originator doesn't forbid him.  If the
keyholder is forbidden, he has the lawful right, but not an ethical right.
But the key holder shouldn't have to ask the originator what he may do
with the key.  The key holder should, by default, have freedom.  But if
the originator doesn't want his key disseminated, he should say so.
And by the way, I apply this rule to me.
So a buddy's business number is public information, and you can share it
if you like.  But a /public/ key, which by default is considered
publicly shareable information, isn't.
I get it!  So it goes like this.  A business telephone number is
considered by most to be shareable, and because of that, it is ethically
shareable.  A public key is considered by most to be shareable, and
because of that, it isn't ethically shareable.
Interesting.  "... [C]urrently has no means ...."  Sounds like you may
want some delicious DRM.
I agree. I don't believe in guilt by association, including
unintentional association.
I can't speak for other people, but I can for me.  Take a look at the
UIDs on my key, which is 0xC7C66ADF3DB6D884.  And also, take a look at
my master key 0x2188A92DF05045C2 that I signed the other key with.
Each of those e-mail addresses on my keys are ones that were already
associated with my real name.  I had given each of those addresses to
family, friends, associates, businesses, or a combination of them.  Not
one of those accounts had given me any anonymity, and each had been
shared outside of people I knew personally.
By uploading a key with those addresses on it, does that mean I gave up
privacy that I already had?  No.  I only made it possible for people to
now communicate with me with more privacy than they could have had before.
I wanted to use PGP within my existing situation.  If in the future I
want to go underground with a pseudonymous identity, then I will create
a PGP key specifically for it.  Or if I would like to have a
pseudonymous identity as well my real identity, then I would have a
separate key and identity that I would protect.
We all want an amount of anonymity and privacy.  But we each want a
different level of it.  I believe that many of us on this mailing list
want to use cryptography in association with our real identities.
Others don't.  They prefer anonymity.
I like anonymity, and I want it for most of my use of the Internet.  But
when I post to this mailing list or use those e-mail accounts listed on
my public keys, I want to associate them with my real identity.
That is to say none.  Well, other than the fact that he can encrypt a
message to the originator's key and use it in accordance with the key
owner's wishes.  Hansen said it best, "DRM of the honor system."
Private dissemination within a public venue.
I think that you are wrong, because you seem to insist that others must
do as you do.  It would be equally wrong for me to insist that others
must do as I do.  You and I have different goals--remember that.
The user's purpose is what matters.  What does he want to accomplish?
Is it only secrecy of his messages?  Anonymity?  Who is he communicating
with?  What would meet his needs?
It is questions like these that must first be answered.  Because they
define the purpose.  If these questions aren't answered, either
consciously or unconsciously, then user has failed before he has started.
Why?  Because it is like traveling without first determining a
destination.  When purpose is defined, it is the director of action.
The user must yield to purpose if he is to succeed.  Then he must let
purpose to choose the path.
It's unlikely to happen.  You are more likely to have the existing
keyservers integrate the functionality that you want if you first create
a special keyserver for your niche, and then, if it is popular enough,
talk them into integrating it.
That way you can have the kind of keyserver that you want, now, rather
than waiting years to, hopefully, succeed in changing the existing
If you send me a message, assume that it will be read in transit. But if
you want some privacy, then please use my PGP key when sending me

@_date: 2010-03-15 00:54:03
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
Scrap that sentence that you quoted.  Below is what I said before that
sentence, and these paragraphs below are what I believe.  And I govern
me by what I believe.
distribute the key if the key's originator doesn't forbid him.  If the
key holder is forbidden, he has the lawful right, but not an ethical right.
But the key holder shouldn't have to ask the originator what he may do
with the key.  The key holder should, by default, have freedom.  But if
the originator doesn't want his key disseminated, he should say so./
If you knew more about how I shared those e-mail addresses, you might
conclude differently.  I think that I disclosed less than you may have
gotten the impression that I did, since those addresses were never
private information.
Personally, I prefer to give an e-mail address, and then filter
messages based upon the sender.  But that is my preference.  I don't
believe it is The One True Way. :-)
Unfortunately, yes. :-\  Thank God that I never chose to do such
foolishness.  Although technically I have an account on one of the
social networking sites, it contains nothing more than a name and is
only minimally used for affairs concerning other people. :-|
Probably not.  I might consider it, though.  I would most likely create
a UID like your's--pseudonym and nothing more.  Then use the key with
e-mail accounts that would never have information about my real identity.
This doesn't mean that the hashed UIDs idea couldn't be good for someone
Anything that connects two or more messages together, whether it be a
key ID, pseudonym, or secret pass phrase or sign, is less than perfect
anonymity.  Even speech patterns will give less than perfect anonymity.
Perfect anonymity is difficult, if not impossible, to achieve.  It can
also be impractical, e.g. if I don't have a way of knowing that I am
communicating with the same person each time, how can I know that I am
not talking to an enemy.
If I am to have multiple communications with an anonymous entity, I have
to know that the last anonymous entity and the one that I am talking to
now are the same.  There has to be something identifying.  It doesn't
matter what it is, but it must be there.  Would I risk sharing secret
information with the wrong person?
Perfect anonymity is like perfect privacy.  They are both impossible to
have if we are to live our lives while having relationships and
Perfect privacy means not knowing anyone or seeing anyone.  Because once
someone has seen you, learned information about you, or seen where you
have gone, you have lost some privacy.  You no longer have perfect privacy.
In fact, just by posting to this mailing list we have given up some
privacy or anonymity.  The nature of the way we write, what we think,
the experiences that we relate--all of these reveal something about
None of this is to say that we shouldn't have privacy or anonymity.  It
is just that we should realize that we need to balance our need for
privacy and anonymity with the needs and desires of the way that we want
to live.
Similarly, perfect anonymity will fail once someone can connect multiple
messages or activities to an identity (whether or not that
identity is a pseudonym, real name, or something else).
My needs or desires may be different from your needs and desires.  And
our needs and desires may be different than John Doe's needs and
desires.  It doesn't, by necessity, make any of us better than the others.
I too avoid using my real name for most things.  I only use my real name
when I want it associated with whatever the item is or if, for some
reason, a real name is required of me.
No, I think that it is fine.  Probably the reason that sentence comes
off the way it does is that I previously inferred that you wanted a
"keyserver that you can upload publicly and download privately", and I
felt that your answer to that question skirted around saying "yes".
But truly, it is private dissemination within a public venue.  Nothing
is wrong with that, but it is different than what the keyservers are
currently for, which is public dissemination.
I can see how some people, such as yourself, would like to have such a
system.  But it shouldn't be touted as The One True Way any more than
the current system.
I don't like anyone telling me that something *must* be done a certain
way; when in reality, it was just their preference.
- From reading all of the posts by you to this thread, I would infer that
you been, at least somewhat, projecting your goals and needs and desires
onto whoever the user is.  It is a subtlety to your posts.
I imagine that you will tell me that I am a fruit cake, but I could
waste my words on a whole post to demonstrate this subtlety.
As for the rest of the issues, everyone has different goals and needs.
It would be foolish for us to assume what is best for all users.  There
is no One True Way and no one-size-fits-all.
- -Paul

@_date: 2010-03-15 01:28:16
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
Hash: SHA256
Better than useful, it is essential. :-)
Good judgment will lead to good decisions.
The "ready, fire, aim" approach leads to missed targets and the death or
injury of bystanders.  Uh . . . metaphorically speaking, of course.
Knowledge is the first step to wisdom.  You can have knowledge without
wisdom, but you cannot have wisdom without knowledge.
Neither; I deduced it.  Also no one told me about traffic analysis, but
I deduced it and later read about it.
- -Paul

@_date: 2010-03-15 23:02:15
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
Hello MFPA,
I meant that at the time that I decided to include them into my key's
UIDs, I had already shared those e-mail addresses a lot.
Given the current system, I think that it would be good to educate new
adopters that an e-mail address in the UID is optional.
Well, unless you have a way to prove who John Smith is, he is about as
anonymous as a pseudonymous entity.
Perfect (i.e. absolute) anonymity is the quality of having the inability
to connect any actions to an entity, regardless of whether that entity
is identified by a speech pattern, pseudonym, real name, or something else.
I was just referring to privacy disclosure as though it were measured by
a scale measuring from absolutely no disclosure to total disclosure.
I wasn't talking about practicality but about absolutes.  In absolutes,
if two messages are connected to the same identity, there is no longer
absolute anonymity.  But this doesn't matter, because, in practicality,
no person has yet been identified.
Understood.  I think that "private dissemination within a public venue"
is a better description than "upload publicly and download privately".
Different things for different people.  That's my belief. :-)
Far too unnecessary. ;-)
Because that niche might be to marginal, I recommended that making a
working keyserver with those features would be the way to go.  Then, if
the usage is high enough, get the other keyservers to implement it.
If you (or someone else who is interested) have the right skills, you
could download the SKS keyserver code that is located at
 and begin
hacking it.  Then after you have created working code, you could try to
get it integrated into the existing codebase.
- -Paul

@_date: 2010-03-17 21:48:36
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Corrupted File 
Hash: SHA256
Hello James,
disk.  About 5-10 pages of the file (4096-byte blocks) were lost and
set to zero.  The file is a PGP encryption of a another file which
is a 'tar' file of other smaller ASCII text files.
with several blank pages, I can never fully recover the file.  However,
most of the data is still legitimate.  Is it possible to recover it
with the gpg tools?  To this point, I had been using the older PGP 5.0
version, but I can try gpg if it can decrypt most of the file.
Have you tried decrypting the file with either PGP or GnuPG?  Also,
where in the file is the corruption?
If the head of the file is corrupted, then you won't get your data back.
 The reason why is that with an OpenPGP message the file is encrypted
with a symmetric encryption key (a.k.a. session key), and then the
symmetric key is encrypted with the recipient's asymmetric encryption
key (a.k.a. public key) and stored in a "packet" inside the encrypted
file.  This packet precedes the data packet, which contains the
encrypted data.
An OpenPGP message would look something like this:
However, if only the data packet is damaged, you may be able to get some
of the data back.  I experimented with this by using a tar file of a few
ASCII files in order to simulate your situation.  I corrupted the
beginning of the file, and gpg couldn't recognize it as an OpenPGP
message.  Then I tried corrupting some of the end of the file, and I
could successfully decrypt and extract the text files from the tar file.
 Out of four text files in the tar file, three were good and the last
was damaged too badly to understand what its original content was.
Restoring from a backup would be best, if you have one.  Also, if
anything that I said was unclear to you, just let me know.
- -Paul

@_date: 2010-03-18 23:54:06
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: key question 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
You are, of course, assuming all of my contacts know what PGP is, how to
use a keyserver, and have fetched and examined my key.  Although I have
potentially disclosed my e-mail addresses to the whole world, my actual
disclosure has been less than had I posted those e-mail addresses to a
web page or handed a copy of my key UIDs to whomever.
But you know what?  I don't care.  I created those UIDs with the belief
that if I shared them with one person, I shared them with the world.  I
intentionally made that information public, which is different from
accidental disclosure.
Also the use of a keyserver in my case was good, because I don't have
any means of distributing my key electronically other than by e-mailing
my key to every person that may request it.  So a keyserver fits the way
I want to work.
- -Paul

@_date: 2010-03-21 14:59:46
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Generating a new key 
Hash: SHA256
I believe that you meant SHA-1 and not SHA-128, because there isn't a
hash called SHA-128.  Also SHA-1 is a 160 bit hash.
In addition to what David said, the passphrase mangling uses iterations
of the hash algorithm to slow down a brute force attack on the
passphrase.  So for a fictional example, GnuPG will hash the word "dog"
and produce "0123456789".  Then it will iterate by taking the output of
the hash algorithm and use it as input to another instance of hashing.
So in this example it would take the output of "0123456789" and hash it
to produce "9876543210".
The default iteration count is 65536 and can be set by --s2k-count
option.  However, if you want to change the default, I would suggest
that you read this first
- -Paul

@_date: 2010-03-24 17:50:27
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Corrupted File 
Hash: SHA256
random places, but not near the front of the file.
and that didn't work. [...]
I haven't used PGP 5.0, but does it give an error message when you try
to decrypt the file.  If it does, please let us know what the error
message is.  It could be helpful.
file is corrupted? [...]
It wouldn't hurt to try.  As for the second question, I don't know.  I
don't have the knowledge or experience with these situations to answer that.
originally encrypted with pgp 5.0?
To the best of my knowledge, GnuPG can work with old versions of PGP
going back to PGP 2.x.  So I think that it may.  If you do use GnuPG to
decrypt your file, let us know whether it works or not.  And if it
doesn't work, post the error message so that we can further diagnose.
- -Paul

@_date: 2010-03-28 18:06:41
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: URGENT: GNuPG 1.2.1 - secret keys help 
Hash: SHA256
I think that it means that your secret keyring is corrupted.
- -Paul

@_date: 2010-11-13 19:00:19
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Do I need to put my keys on a server??? 
Putting your keys on a keyserver won't fix this situation.  On the
machine that you decrypted the message, did you have the public key for

@_date: 2010-11-24 16:33:03
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: verify signature from Windows and Ubuntu does not work 
When you say that the e-mail got detached into a separate attachment,
are you talking about the copy of the e-mail that is stored on your
computer or the message that is stored on the mail server?
PGP ID: 3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D88

@_date: 2010-11-24 16:32:38
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: GPG 4 Win 
No. GPGSM is for CMS and S/MIME; GnuPG is for OpenPGP and PGP/MIME.
If the key that you were importing into GnuPG were not an OpenPGP key it
would give the following error.
gpg: no valid OpenPGP data found.
Given the fact that you were successful in importing the key into GnuPG,
it must be an OpenPGP certificate.  A way of examining a file to see if
it is an OpenPGP certificate is to use "gpg --list-packets
certificate_file".  If the certificate is valid, gpg will output a bunch
of information about the various data packets in the file.
PGP ID: 3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2010-10-13 21:43:59
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Paranoid People's User Group? 
There is such a mailing list, which is called PGPNET.  It is part of
Yahoo! Groups and is located at
.  All mail, with few
exceptions, is encrypted to all members of the group.

@_date: 2010-10-14 11:32:00
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Paranoid People's User Group? 
No.  Yahoo! requires you to log in with a Yahoo! ID, or if you don't
have one, you must create a Yahoo! ID.

@_date: 2010-10-22 01:51:10
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Changing secret key encryption algorithms 
Page 62 of RFC4880  specifies
the IDs of symmetric algorithms, and RFC5581
 specifies the IDs for the
Camellia cipher.

@_date: 2010-08-31 22:45:26
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Encryption with no recipient 
Hi Ted.  "-c" or "--symmetric" encrypts with a symmetric key that is
derived from a passphrase.  No public key is used.  Because of that,
using "gpg -c some_file" will ask for a passphrase, and that passphrase
must be used when you want to decrypt the file.
But when you specify "-e" or "--encrypt", GnuPG will use a public key to
encrypt the file, and a recipient's public key must be specified.  This
means that when you specify both "-c" and "-e", you will get a file that
is encrypted by a symmetric key and a public key.  That is why GnuPG is
asking for a recipient.
PGP Key ID: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2010-09-08 00:50:06
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: generating X.509 certificates using gnupg 
This is the right mailing list.  You can generate a certificate signing
request with gpgsm, e.g. gpgsm --output certificate.csr --gen-key.  If
you are looking to do more than that, you may wish to use OpenSSL
instead.  And if this doesn't fully answer your question, or you have
more questions, post back--this mailing list is friendly to newcomers.
Please use my PGP key when sending me e-mail, if you can.
PGP Key ID: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2011-04-03 04:24:02
@_author: Paul R. 
@_subject: No SmartCard Daemon 
I recently installed GnuPG 2 through a package manager on a Linux
system, and when I issued "gpg2 --card-status", I got the following
gpg: OpenPGP card not available: No SmartCard daemon
I searched my system for scdaemon, but it is not installed.  Also, I
checked my PATH environment variable to make sure that the PATH was
properly configured.  I guessed that, perhaps, scdaemon had been put
into a package of its own.  With this in mind, I searched my package
manager for the words _scd_ and _scdaemon_.  But the only thing that I
found was a package called gnupg-pkcs11-scd.
I am not sure what to do other than resort to building GnuPG 2 from
source code.  Anyway, here are the details of my system.
Linux Mint 9
Linux kernel 2.6.32-21-generic
GnuPG 2.0.14
PGP Key ID: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2011-04-03 17:37:00
@_author: Paul Ramer 
@_subject: No SmartCard Daemon 
Thank you, Grant.  That's just the information that I needed.  I can't
say that I agree with scdaemon being placed in the gpgsm package with
no reference to the fact.  Hopefully, someone will remedy this so that
no one else will need to ask where scdaemon is on a
Debian/Debian-based system.
Thanks again,
PGP Key ID: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2011-04-16 01:19:44
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: public key not found, but it is there! 
I would suggest looking in your gpg.conf file to see if there is an
entry that contains "alice".  It may be that there is an entry that is
like following:
group alice=DE0155B3
If that is the case, then specifying "alice" as a recipient would
encrypt to whatever keys are listed in the group "alice".  Try "gpg
--list-keys alice" to see what response you get.  Also, try the
following command to encrypt to Alice: gpg -r 17D11744 -e some_file.

@_date: 2011-04-17 04:33:03
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Establishing new key - key setup recommendations 
An 8192-bit key could be incompatible with most OpenPGP software.  For
that reason I wouldn't recommend it.  However, compatibility won't make
a difference if you will be the only one using your public key.  On the
other hand if the key is for communication or code signing,
compatibility is important.
I believe that 4096 bits would be the largest size that you should use.
 Just know that if you want to use an OpenPGP smartcard that 3072 bits
is currently the largest key size for a key stored on the card (if you
use subkeys for encryption, signing, or authentication then the 3072
bits size doesn't apply to the master key).
As far as "migration" is concerned, I don't know what you are referring
to.  Would you expound on this?
I would recommend this since you want to use the key with other people.
 In which case, you need compatibility.
It will work fine for anyone who uses GnuPG, as far as I know, but I
don't know about PGP.  You'll have to ask about PGP's support 3072-bit
DSA keys.  But whether you should or shouldn't use a 3072-bit DSA key
versus a 4096-bit RSA key is simply personal preference, notwithstanding
any compatibility issues, if there is any.
Don't wait; use cryptography now.  There will always be a better
solution coming.  Just switch when it becomes available.
And once again, remember compatiblility.  It is fine to switch to ECC
when it becomes available, but don't throw away using regular
RSA/DSA/Elgamal keys until most everyone else has switched to ECC.
Notwithstanding my comments about a 8192-bit key, I would probably do
this too after ECC has become available in GnuPG and has been well
tested.  I would have an ECC key and prefer its use, but have a non-ECC
key for those who are still using non-ECC keys.
Just know that everything that I have said is just one man's opinion,
but the compatibility issue is several men's.
PGP Key ID: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2011-01-02 03:11:24
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Having trouble getting GPG to accept input from a pinpad 
I am using an OpenPGP v2 card with an SCM SPR-532 smartcard reader, and
I can't get GPG to take a PIN from the pinpad instead of the keyboard.
When I run "gpg --card-edit" followed by any command that requires a PIN
or Admin PIN, I get a password dialog box from pinentry, but I can only
enter the PIN via a keyboard.
I have followed the GnuPG Smartcard HOWTO, including setting up the udev
rules and creating and adding my user account to the scard group.
According to this post at
, using
the pinpad of my card reader should work (except when it doesn't ;-)).
I don't have pcsc-lite installed.  I am using GnuPG 1.4.10 (but also
have GnuPG 2.0.14 installed) and am running it on top of Ubuntu 10.04.
The versions of GnuPG that I have are what was available through my
package manager.
Thanks in advance for any help you can provide.

@_date: 2011-01-03 01:26:05
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Having trouble getting GPG to accept input from a pinpad 
Unfortunately, GPG isn't taking input from the pinpad regardless of what
operations I am performing--signing, decrypting, change card
information.  This behavior is true of both the PIN and the Admin PIN.
Everything else that I have done so far with my OpenPGP v2 card works.
So I have no issues there.  Things such as generating a key, changing
card information, decrypting and signing e-mail work without any trouble.
I'll gladly answer any questions about my setup or tools or run
different stuff to debug this situation.  I just want to start using my
pinpad. :-)

@_date: 2011-01-11 03:09:54
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Having trouble getting GPG to accept input from a pinpad 
Good news--it works.  Initially, I tried gpg2 (version 2.0.14), but it
didn't work.  Instead, I got an error message that scdaemon wasn't
running.  I searched for scdaemon on my system with "which scdaemon",
but I couldn't find it.
But now I can find scdaemon with "which scdaemon", and the only thing
that has changed has been that I compiled some software, installed some
packages, and, just this last evening, performed an update on my system.
 I hadn't had any success with the pinpad until some time after the
update last night.
So I don't know what happened to fix my situation (I wish I knew).  But
thank you to all of you who helped me.  You have been a big help. :-)
PGP Key ID: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2011-01-12 02:28:29
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: What is the benefit of signing an encrypted email 
Yes, OpenPGP encrypts signed text rather than signing encrypted text.
PGP Key ID: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2011-01-13 03:30:23
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Organizing GPA public key list into favourites groups???? 
The entry you made is syntactically correct.
Try clicking on the heading "User Name".  That will make GPA sort by
name rather than key ID.
I don't know, I don't use Windows.  But check out the list of frontends
for GnuPG at .
Yes, you can have more than one group in GPG, and each group entry
begins with "group some_name=some_identifier" (without the quotation
marks, of course).  The GPG man page gives the following explanation:
--group name=value1
       Sets up a named group, which is similar to aliases in email pro?
       grams. Any time the group name is a recipient (-r or --recipi?
       ent), it will be expanded to the values specified. Multiple
       groups with the same name are automatically merged into a single
       group.
       The values are key IDs or fingerprints, but any key description
       is accepted. Note that a value with spaces in it will be treated
       as two different values. Note also there is only one level of
       expansion --- you cannot make an group that points to another
       group. When used from the command line, it may be necessary to
       quote the argument to this option to prevent the shell from
       treating it as multiple arguments.

@_date: 2011-01-13 03:35:56
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Organizing GPA public key list into favourites groups???? 
Cheer up. :-) Sometimes it can take a few days before someone can get
you the answer that you need.
What you want to do is easy with the command line, but I don't know
about how to do it with GPA.

@_date: 2011-01-13 03:38:24
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: Organizing GPA public key list into favourites groups???? 
Could you give us the error message?  It may help someone figure out
what the issue is.

@_date: 2011-01-16 00:47:36
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: gpg command output language??? 
The GPG man page gives the following information:
  Operation is further controlled by a few environment variables:
  [...]
  LANGUAGE
         Apart from its use by GNU, it is used in the W32 version to
         override the language selection done through the Registry. If
         used and set to a valid and available language name (langid),
         the file with the translation is loaded from
         gpgdir/gnupg.nls/langid.mo. Here gpgdir is the directory out of
         which the gpg binary has been loaded. If it can't be loaded the
         Registry is tried and as last resort the native Windows locale
         system is used.

@_date: 2012-09-09 02:16:05
@_author: Paul Richard Ramer 
@_subject: A safe text editor 
I don't know of a text editor that meets this criteria (granted I
haven't done any research), but as for protecting the temporary files,
you may want to use disk encryption instead.  By using disk encryption,
you can ensure that the temporary files are encrypted while you are
editing regardless of which editor you use.  But as for a text editor
that uses protected memory, I don't have a recommendation for you.

@_date: 2013-12-05 04:20:42
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Any future for the Crypto Stick? 
On that note, why assume that the manufacturer would not do the opposite: feign helping the spy agency by giving them a compromised ROM and then substituting a secure one on the real product. In either case, we are assuming the company would try to supply different bodies with different ROMs.
It is not that the mentioned scenario is impossible. It is that it just seems like too much effort to be made by a company that has no benefit in such duplicity.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-12-08 02:51:49
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Is there a chance smartcards have a backdoor? (was Re: Any future 
It was not my intent to make it seem that I had made any insinuations on your part.  It was more that I wanted to express an alternate possibility rather than the nefarious one that was being discussed. It seemed that the only scenario involving pressure or coercion on the part of the U.S. being discussed was one of compliance by the company rather than a range of possibilities.  Events in life do not always happen neatly and predictably.  If we are going to discuss outcomes, we need to talk about more than one.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-12-08 06:14:01
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Any future for the Crypto Stick? 
I am in the U.S., and I have ordered successfully a couple of times.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-03-29 13:21:17
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: gpg for anonymous users - Alternative to the web of trust? 
A scandal is unlikely unless the people have wildly unrealistic
expectations in the performance of the victim.  The only way I could see
you having a scandal on your hands if your identity was revealed would
be if you made claims that it couldn't be discovered or your "followers"
looked up to you in some religious way and saw you as a kind of God-like
figure incapable of failure.
This is the kind of stuff that brings scandal in the minds of people who
look up to certain figures.  I doubt this applies to you.
PGP ID: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2013-11-02 11:02:57
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
Sorry, but this is wrong. The certificate of the first key is valid, the signature of the message is valid, but your correspondent's claim to ownership of the second key is not yet proven. While you know that whoever has control of the first key sent you that message, you have not confirmed that he can decrypt and sign with the second key.
I was commenting on why verification of key details outside of non-secure electronic channels prior to certification  is useful rather than receiving a request electronically for you to certify a person's key and assuming it to be verification enough without using another channel to verify the request and purported key details.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-11-02 19:08:15
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
No, it is not.  Here is why.  When you verify a key to sign you are
verifying the following:
1) For each UID, that the name is correct and that the purported owner
has control of the email in that UID (possibly also verifying the
comment if it contains something such as "CEO ABC Corporation").
2) That the purported owner has control of the key and can decrypt and
sign messages.
For  it is possible that the user has no name or email address in the
UID(s).  Either way, you need to verify the details of the UIDs that you
intend to sign.  For  you need to verify the key fingerprint,
algorithm, and key size (but the fingerprint at a minimum) and then have
the user demonstrate that he can decrypt a message encrypted with the
key in question and also sign with it.  This can be done by sending a
message of unknown content (from the purported key owner's perspective)
to him to each email that he claims to have in each of his UIDs
(provided he has any) and require him to reply with a signed copy of the
decrypted message.  This serves to verify the control of the key and the
email addresses.
The reason the presence of a UID on that second key that is in
congruence with UID(s) that you have verified on the first key is not
sufficient is because although the UID may seem good (or maybe even be
identical to the UID(s) on the first key), you have not verified that he
indeed has control of the second key.  While you may feel that the key
*should* be under his control and that there is little chance that it is
not, it does not mean that you have verified his control of that second
key, which means that you have not verified that key.
Verifying the key fingerprint and exchanging encrypted and signed
messages would verify control.  This is true.  You can't verify control
by talking to them in person.

@_date: 2013-11-02 21:20:38
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
In your points, (1) assumes that Key 2 has UIDs that are the same as
those on Key 1, i.e. their are no UIDs with new email addresses or
different names.  Likely, this would be true, but I am not making any
assumptions here on the UIDs.
As for (2), yes, whoever has control of the key must have created the
UIDs and can decrypt and sign messages.  But you are still assuming that
because Alice said that she owns Key 2, sent you a signed message saying
so, and the UIDs match those on Key 1 (most likely) that she has control
of the key and that you still do not need to verify that she can decrypt
and sign messages.
The probability that it is her key and that she does have control of it
is, I believe, high.  Being probable does not mean that you have
verified that she controls the key.

@_date: 2013-11-04 13:44:51
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
You are right.  Decryption is sufficient to demonstrate control of the private key, because if he can decrypt, he can also sign.  What I said, "decrypt and sign," was redundant.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-11-05 00:40:11
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
I don't know how I can explain it any better than I have. I think you are confusing assertion with verification.  Unless you can differentiate between the two in this case, I don't think you will see what I am talking about.
The process of certifying someone else's key involves the following:
(1) He claims that a key with n number of UIDs and fingerprint of x is his key.
(2) You verify his identity and compare it with the information in his UID(s).
(3) You send encrypted emails to each email address in his UIDs.
(4) He replies with the decrypted messages that you sent.
(5) If all went well, you certify his key.
In the case that we have been discussing, it is assumed that all of those steps have been followed for the first key. With the second key, only the first two steps, and part of the third, have been followed.  And now you are assuming that the second key (being independent from the first) is valid without following through all of those steps simply because you have validated the first key which, according to what you are suggesting, was used to sign the second key.
Simply, assertion is not verification; probability is not certainty.  If you didn't verify control of the key (wasn't that the point behind signing someone's key?), then your signature on his key will be baseless.
If on the other hand we were talking about a new UID on the first key, we would just need to verify control of the email address in the new UID if the UID contains the same name as the other UIDs.
No one is going to stop you from signing someone's key if that person sends you an email saying, "Hey, would you sign my other key?"  But if I know you sign any keys without following the same thorough verification process each time, don't expect me to assign ownertrust to you.
I guess all I can say is that one should have a key signing policy to let others know how he verifies keys.
There. I said it all over again, just differently (and a whole lot more).
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-11-05 15:03:19
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
There could be collusion with only one key.  Verification of the key
details cannot address this.
No.  Avoiding collusion is impossible here.  It just comes down to you
vouching through your signature on the second key that you have
*verified* it.  Nothing more, nothing less.  If you didn't follow all of
the steps to verify it, why would you sign it with an exportable
signature?  You could just sign it with a local signature for your use,
because you believe the key to be valid.  But if you sign it with an
exportable signature, you are saying to others that you have verified
the key.  It is reasonable to expect that if you signed someone's key
you did verify it without skipping any steps (whether you felt they were
unnecessary in this case or not).
Signing keys with exportable signatures is not for your benefit.  It is
for others you may extend ownertrust to your signatures.  I have
communicated with plenty of people via email who I believe were who they
said that they were, that they did have control of their accounts, and
that if they did have an OpenPGP key, it seemed to me to be valid.
Would I sign their keys with exportable signatures to tell others that I
have checked their keys and believe them to be valid when I have not
fully verified their keys? No.
Collusion is the only way that I know of, and there is nothing you can
do about it if it is happening.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-11-05 17:32:38
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
Signing is to be an attestation to the validity of the key.  But, yes, in absence of a keysigning policy (or in some other way of knowing how that person signs keys) it is just an assumption as to what that signature means.
I would not assume what the value of a signature is without knowing how that person signs keys, and I would still need to believe that person's methods are acceptable to me.
Cheers, PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-11-05 22:29:11
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Newbie question on GPG and PHP running from a webpage 
gnupg-users is for most discussions and gnupg-devel is for programming/development specific questions.  HTH.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-11-11 09:32:58
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
The issue I was talking about here was whether my insistence on following all of the necessary steps for verification in the scenario that we had been discussing was because I believed that such seeming pedanticism was a method to prevent collusion.  I just pointed out that no amount of verification of the key can prevent the key owner from sharing the key or messages encrypted to it with other people.  There is no need to believe that verification does not yield certainty in the ownership of the key.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-11-11 09:56:15
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
I would verify ownership before signing.  Just as I would read a document before signing it even if I was told what was in it by someone I know.
It is not hard to do and it would be easy to justify. The other way, IMO, requires more effort to justify.
There is nothing special about this scenario that makes it require less thoroughness than any other key signing scenario.  Do things thoroughly and correctly.  It is that simple.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-11-14 08:32:26
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: How to add information about purpose/security of sub keys? 
The only way of making certain of this is to use separate keypairs, otherwise as David has said you have no control over this because of how the user's software selects the key.
But even if you used separate keypairs, you would still need your correspondent to know which to use for what kind of communication.
You could put this information in a UID or in a policy that you keep online or give personally to each person that needs to know.  But the issue is still the same, you need the person communicating with you to know which key or subkey to use, and you cannot assume that that person knows automatically.
The question that I think that you must ask yourself before your question can be answered is, "Who needs your key?" Who do you expect to communicate with you and under what circumstances?
Based on the answers to those questions, you will then have to find the most "dumby-proof" way of communicating your intent whether it be through separate keypairs, a policy, or something else.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-11-22 19:09:14
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: article about Air Gapped OpenPGP Key 
Not necessarily.  You can plug in a USB drive with your custom gpg.conf file on it, for example.  A more elegant solution would be to modify your Live CD (or whatever you use) to have a gpg.conf file in your gpg home directory.  You can search the web on how to make a custom Live CD.
You can run gpg by specifying this as an option on the command line, e.g. gpg --cert-digest-algo sha256.  Any command line option that you can pass to gpg when you run it can be put into your gpg.conf file.  But if your thinking is, "How can I have this set permanently without using gpg.conf?"--you can't.  gpg.conf is the configuration file for gpg.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-11-22 19:24:23
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Setting encryption algorithm for specific key 
Johan Wevers If you have the skills such as Bash scripting, Perl, etc., you could create a wrapper for gpg that could make gpg select an algorithm other than IDEA, or a specific one, when specifying this particular recipient with her problematic key.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-10-01 09:45:44
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Decrypt Issue 
Well, that is good to hear. I am glad your problem has been resolved. Good luck with everything else.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-10-24 16:21:01
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: 2048 or 4096 for new keys? aka defaults vs. Debian 
If someone or a group is considering a change to a larger key such as a 4096 bit key, it is a personal choice.  It does not mean that the defaults are not sensible. There have been several discussions about using 4096 bits instead of 2048 bit keys over the years. Reading those threads may help.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-10-24 17:44:35
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
This is the point. Every person using OpenPGP needs to make their own decisions about what constitutes an acceptable level of certainty that the person who's identity is being verified and checked against the UIDs on his purported key are valid.
Even if OpenPGP were not silent on this matter. You would still need to know how someone (even someone you know very well) verifies another person's identity and keys.  Assumptions are for fools.  You can't blindly believe that the verifying individual is doing it "right".
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-10-24 17:28:23
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
The idea of using a different channel for confirming key details such as a key fingerprint is really a way of trying to avoid a man-in-the-middle attack on the verification of the key and its UIDs.  It is not entirely foolproof--nothing is.
It isn't any more complicated or foreign than if your friend sends you an attachment in an email and you call him, send him an SMS message, or talk to him face-to-face to confirm that the message was him before you open it.
--Paul PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-10-25 17:39:58
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: 2048 or 4096 for new keys? aka defaults vs. Debian 
Well, this assumes that you need 25 years of security. If your messages *must* remain uncrackable for that length of time, you may want to take many more measures to ensure the secrecy of what is being communicated, e.g. physical security, intranet mediated messages versus Internet mediated messages, etc.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-10-25 21:16:26
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: 2048 or 4096 for new keys? aka defaults vs. Debian 
To add further to this, the U.S. military uses 2048 bit RSA keys for
their Common Access Cards (CAC cards), which are used for system
authentication and encrypted email.  The certificates that users are
issued are good for three years and then they issue a new CAC card to
the user.  The U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) has multiple root CAs,
and I know at least one of them (if not all of them) uses a 2048 bit RSA
key that is to be valid through 2029.
I am not saying that any one should use 2048 bit RSA because the DoD
uses it.  It is just a data point.  That being said, I am doubtful that
classified discussions are being done over email.  As far as I know,
they use it for sensitive but unclassified information such as
personally identifiable information like Social Security Numbers.  3DES
+ SHA1 + 2048 bit RSA is their preference for email.  It does not need
to be yours.

@_date: 2013-10-26 20:52:52
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: 2048 or 4096 for new keys? aka defaults vs. Debian 
That is correct.  It is used for encrypted email, but it does not mean
that is is used to secure classified discussions or transmit classified
documents.  The CAC serves more as an identity card and authentication
token more than anything else in my experience.  If the CAC card is used
to encrypt anthing beyond unclassified, for oficial use only, or
PII-sensitive (containing personally identifiable information) documents
and information is unknown to me.  Even if it were, knowledge of the
fact would likely be restricted.
But do ask.  I would like to hear what other people's experiences have
been. :-)

@_date: 2013-10-27 13:49:26
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: 2048 or 4096 for new keys? aka defaults vs. Debian 
Quite right.  This what we sometimes forget about when discussing things like key length, signatures, and projected viability of algorithms.  The law is not the same as the crypto.
This is similar to the topic of deniability in which the crypto is said to make it so that the user can plausibly deny that he has the encryption key, for example.  But if the law, or the court, does not accept that as a valid defense, the user is screwed.
The cryptography gives us capabilities, but it is not the deciding factor where the law is concerned.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-10-31 14:47:27
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Quotes from GPG users 
Well, here is my input for your project.
I wouldn't be able to communicate sensitive documents without it.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2013-09-07 00:45:28
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Issues with primary key & subkeys on different smartcards 
Hello Pete,
It seems that the keytocard command is the way to correctly load the
subkeys and primary key onto the smartcards.  I had not thought about
splitting the primary and subkeys across the two smartcards, but it
works quite easily by using the keytocard command.  I tested it to see
how it works, and I feel certain that the keytocard method that you used
is the correct way to do it.
For those who may be reading, I found loading one OpenPGP card with the
primary key and a second with the subkey to work as the following
example demonstrates:
$ gpg2 --edit-key Joe
gpg (GnuPG) 2.0.17; Copyright (C) 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
Secret key is available.
pub  2048R/123B9C22  created: 2013-09-07  expires: 2018-09-06  usage: SC
                     trust: ultimate      validity: ultimate
sub  2048R/972C7E79  created: 2013-09-07  expires: 2018-09-06  usage: E
[ultimate] (1). Joe gpg> toggle
sec  2048R/123B9C22  created: 2013-09-07  expires: 2018-09-06
ssb  2048R/972C7E79  created: 2013-09-07  expires: never
(1)  Joe gpg> keytocard
Really move the primary key? (y/N) y
Signature key ....: [none]
Encryption key....: [none]
Authentication key: [none]
Please select where to store the key:
   (1) Signature key
   (3) Authentication key
Your selection? 1
You need a passphrase to unlock the secret key for
user: "Joe "
2048-bit RSA key, ID 123B9C22, created 2013-09-07
sec  2048R/123B9C22  created: 2013-09-07  expires: 2018-09-06
                     card-no: 0005 DECAFBAD
ssb  2048R/972C7E79  created: 2013-09-07  expires: never
(1)  Joe gpg> key 1
sec  2048R/123B9C22  created: 2013-09-07  expires: 2018-09-06
                     card-no: 0005 DECAFBAD
ssb* 2048R/972C7E79  created: 2013-09-07  expires: never
(1)  Joe gpg> keytocard
Signature key ....: [none]
Encryption key....: [none]
Authentication key: [none]
Please select where to store the key:
   (2) Encryption key
Your selection? 2
You need a passphrase to unlock the secret key for
user: "Joe "
2048-bit RSA key, ID 972C7E79, created 2013-09-07
sec  2048R/123B9C22  created: 2013-09-07  expires: 2018-09-06
                     card-no: 0005 DECAFBAD
ssb* 2048R/972C7E79  created: 2013-09-07  expires: never
                     card-no: 0005 DEADBEEF
(1)  Joe gpg> save
Now you are done, and the cards work great.  If you need either the
primary key or subkey, pinentry will prompt you to insert the
appropriate card.  The only thing is that if you need a backup of the
secret keys before moving them to the smartcards, you need to do that
before following the example above.
Anyway, Pete, thank you for bringing this subject up and experimenting
with it and helping make us all a little smarter.  I can't answer the
question as to whether it was designed to work that way, but I don't
feel there is any doubt.
PGP: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2013-09-07 14:21:56
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Decrypt Issue 
Hello John,
When you say that you log in to the server,  are you logging into a user
account on the server?  And do you get a command prompt (i.e. you are
ssh-ing into your server)?
PGP: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2013-09-10 03:35:59
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: How to add authentication capabilities to an existing key? 
Hello Anthony,
As far as I know, there is no such capability to do that with gpg.  You have to set that capability when you create the key.  HTH.

@_date: 2013-09-10 03:58:13
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: The symmetric ciphers 
You may just prefer to use a key with a larger size and a better password. But if you do want to do this, I am sure that you could write a script or program that could take advantage of GnuPG for this purpose.

@_date: 2013-09-12 05:02:08
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Decrypt Issue 
You need to determine which user account and system that you are running
the script from and which account and system that gpg is running under.
 It is mostly likely gpg is running under the wrong user or system.
Determine where the secret key that you are using is located (i.e. which
directory holds the GnuPG home directory). And If you can edit the
script, make it print out the value of the GNUPGHOME environment
variable and compare that against what the correct home directory is
supposed to be.
Hope that helps.
--Paul

@_date: 2013-09-26 19:52:20
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Decrypt Issue 
I do believe that your issue is caused by your script being run by your
client system, and gpg is looking for the secret key on your *client*
system.  I think it is further indicative of this given that when you
connect to server with Remote Desktop, it works.  If the key is on the
server and script is being run on the client, the reference to gpg in
script will need to use gpg --homedir gnupg_directory_on_server.
To test this, if you can edit the script that calls gpg, put a line in
it to print out the value of the GNUPGHOME environment variable.
Another way that you could do this is make gpg list its secret keys with
gpg -v --list-secret-keys.  By using -v option the first line of gpg's
output will print the location of the secret keyring that is being
listed.  If it does not match the location of the secret key you have on
your server, you have found your problem.
If you do not have permission to edit the script, convince the
responsible party to do himself.  It is the only way you are going to
know if gpg is looking in right place.  When you get "secret key not
available", your first recourse should be to determine if secret key you
want is in your gnupg directory or if gpg is using the correct home
PGP: 0x3DB6D884
PGP Fingerprint: EBA7 88B3 6D98 2D4A E045  A9F7 C7C6 6ADF 3DB6 D884

@_date: 2014-08-11 12:53:54
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: FAQ change, final draft 
I think it is well written and that it effectively answers the bulk of the longer key length questions that are often posted to this mailing list.
Good work, Robert.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2014-08-30 10:08:36
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Crypto Stick vs Smart Card Reader /w Pin Pad 
I would say that they are both good tools for separating the secret keys from the computer.  I have both kinds.  The great thing about the Crypto Stick is that it combines the card reader with the OpenPGP card in one discrete package and uses free software and has open specifications.
As for the smartcard reader with a PIN pad, the advantage to that is that you can use different smartcards with the same reader, and the PIN pad allows you to keep the PIN separate from the computer. Now some would argue that the advantage of this is that it keeps the PIN safe from compromise by a keylogger, which is true. But if your computer is compromised, the *only* thing that may be safe is your PIN and your smartcard. Beyond that you are screwed.
I believe that both are good options and not very different where security is concerned (other than, say, the openness of the hardware specification).  I would recommend you pick the one that will work best for you based on how you operate and how you will use your keys and your computer.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2014-01-20 17:37:28
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Trouble reseting OpenPGP card after admin PIN lockout 
I am having trouble reseting an OpenPGP card on which I locked the admin
PIN.  Running gpg2 --card-status gives me the following error:
gpg: OpenPGP card not available: Not supported
When I try the instructions to reset the card from
 I
get the following output:
$ gpg-connect-agent
ERR 100663405 Card reset required ERR 100663405 Card reset required ERR 100663405 Card reset required ERR 100663405 Card reset required ERR 100663405 Card reset required ERR 100663405 Card reset required ERR 100663405 Card reset required ERR 100663405 Card reset required ERR 100663405 Card reset required ERR 100663405 Card reset required ERR 100663405 Card reset required My GnuPG version is 2.0.17.
I have been searching around to find a solution to this, but I am at a
loss thus far.  Any help will be appreciated.

@_date: 2014-01-22 01:59:37
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Trouble reseting OpenPGP card after admin PIN lockout 
I followed your instructions and they worked.  Thank you very much.
Thanks for doing all of the testing and research.  I am sure that it
will be of good use for others as well if they encounter this problem.
Uh, yes.  Well, this started out as testing to see if reseting the card
after exhausting the 3 tries on the Admin PIN would be straight forward.
 I guess the old saying, "Be careful what you wish for," would apply
here.  I knew that the v1.1 card would be fried in this case, so armed
with the knowledge that a v2.0 card could be reset I set out to test it.
 All the time I was thinking, "This should be easy." :-)
Our brains always seem to know the best course of action after the
opportunity for it has passed. :-)
I have been there before with other hardware and software problems.  But
despite every time that I determined that I was finished with "X"
software or hardware, I would later pick it up again and eventually
figure it out.
PGP: 0x3DB6D884

@_date: 2014-01-30 23:48:13
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: cryptanalysis question: Does knowing some of the content of the 
A common form of cryptanalytic research involves trying to find a faster than brute force method of discovering a key when several plaintexts are know.  The symmetric ciphers that are employed in GnuPG are, to my knowledge, very good in their resistance to cryptanalysis, including this method.
Just know that no one is going to attack to the cipher itself to get to your messages.  There are much easier methods such as installing a key logger.  Why beat the door down if you can open the window?
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2014-07-07 12:00:54
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: GPG's vulnerability to quantum cryptography 
Uh, yeah. That can happen. I will not say that I did that once upon a time but ... :-)
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2014-07-09 16:26:28
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: how to do 
If you make encryption and signing subkeys you can export them (i.e. the secret subkeys), create a new gnupg home directory, import the subkeys, change the password on them, and finally, export and distribute them to the people who are supposed to use them.
By doing this you can have a person who manages the master key separately under another password and the authorized users can use the encryption and signing secret subkeys without being able to make changes to them.
The person who manages the master key can add new UIDs for the any new user and give that person a copy of the secret subkeys with the password.  The only problem that I see right away is revoking control when one of the users leaves.  One way that you could remedy this is to revoke the old subkeys and issue new ones.
I am not recommending this method but it is a way that it can be done.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2014-06-03 05:33:03
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: How to determine who signed what 
Use gpg --verify followed by the sig file. Even if you do not have the public key for the person who signed it, you can fetch it with gpg --recv-keys by using the key ID that gpg --verify gave you (e.g. gpg --recv-keys DEADBEEF) or look up the key on a keyserver.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2014-06-26 13:28:22
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: riseup.net OpenPGP Best Practices article 
Actually, it is for those of us who prefer smartcards.  I was once newbie trying to use a smartcard. Repeated emphasis on having only a 4k key can create the impression that a smartcard is not strong enough, that it is weaker because it can only go up to 3072 bits (depending on the card).
The reason for me to have a smartcard was to physically separate the key from the computer.  Using a key that is too large for the smartcard does not fit my purpose for having one.
On the contrary, shouting, "Bigger! Larger! Greater!" without a justification based on actual threats posed to that user when the defaults will suffice creates the impression that only the most heavy duty crypto will keep their communications private, and the user will eschew the defaults simply because they aren't "big enough." It's bad education. Or worse--the lack thereof.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2014-11-15 09:16:26
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: The Facts: 
If this is the entirety of what you did, you forgot to import your private key in the file david-private.gpg.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2014-11-17 15:06:52
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Nearly fixed 
Personally, I have used gpg2 and gpg on 64-bit and 32-bit versions of Linux, Macintosh, and Windows. It has always been transparent. No issues to write home about.
PGP: 3DB6D884

@_date: 2016-03-31 19:34:12
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: [Announce] GnuPG 2.0.29 released 
The subject line is about v2.0.29 instead of v2.0.30. Just FYI.

@_date: 2016-04-01 09:52:26
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: where is gnupg configure file 
Debian has a package for GnuPG 2, which is gnupg2.  If it is not
installed you can install it.
This should mean that you have the gnupg2 package installed, which is
all you need to run gpg2.  You can confirm that the gnupg2 package is
installed by running the following:
dpkg-query --list gnupg2

@_date: 2016-04-24 10:18:49
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Help needed 
First off, I can't answer all of your questions, because I am not
familiar with GPGTools.  But I have provided answers to some of your
Yes, it is.  If you visit  and scroll to the bottom
of the page, you will see slides that you can click through.  One of
them shows a screenshot of this.
I believe so.  The slide that I referred to above says that you can
click the lock button (it is a button with a glyph in the form of a
lock) to encrypt your email to the recipient.
I believe you are supposed to click the lock button I mentioned above.
Please see the section of website that I referred to earlier.
No, that is not necessary.  Do know that many people have *strong*
opinions about key length that are based little empirical fact. [1]  See
the GnuPG FAQ topic about this. [2]
I am sorry.  I don't know the answer to this question.
Hope that helps,
[1] I apologized to the list if I have opened that horrendous can of
worms again by answering this question.
[2]

@_date: 2016-04-24 13:19:27
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Help needed 
He is using Apple's default client called "Mail".  GPGTools provides a
plug-in for Mail.
What he means by Services is the Services menu.  It can be accessed by a
right-click or by accessing Mac OS X's menu bar.  Services is an cool
"Mac thing" that allows programs to integrate with each other (however,
there may be analogs in other systems that I am not thinking about).  It
is kind of like plug-ins that you can access in any program.
For example in this case, the user could be using a GUI text editor. The
user highlights some text, chooses the encryption option from Services,
and gets ASCII armored text as an output.  Using a web browser and
webmail, the user could do the same operation and get the same result.
It is not dependent on which program the Service menu is accessed from.
 No switching between programs is required while doing this, nor having
to consciously run the program whose "services" are being used.  You can
read more about it Wikipedia. [1]
Correct.  He is just using it the hard way. ;-)  This "First Steps"
tutorial should be the way to go. [2]
[1]

@_date: 2016-04-26 19:13:29
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Querying gpg-agent configuration options 
I didn't see any indication of such a feature from the man page, but you
could just look at the gpg-agent.conf file. The man page says it
defaults to $GNUPGHOME/gpg-agent.conf. If you want to do this in an
automated way, just parse the text file for the values that are set for
the options you want to look at.
Hope that helps,

@_date: 2016-04-26 20:29:19
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Querying gpg-agent configuration options 
I see.  I didn't think about the GNOME example. While I knew that the
configuration file couldn't tell you everything about a running
instance, it was the only thing I could think of.  As I said earlier,
the man page doesn't seem to say anything about this.  Hopefully,
someone else with more knowledge can give you a better answer.

@_date: 2016-04-28 21:54:55
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Top-posting 
Personally, I would rather not have to hit the "Page Down" button
*every* time I wrote an email (provided I have full-size keyboard).  If
you are always varying from the defaults in a consistent way, then the
defaults need to be different.  Besides, think of the cumulative time
wasted scrolling or paging down for every you write email. ;-) [1]
[1]

@_date: 2016-04-28 22:38:24
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: making a Debian Live CD for managing GnuPG master key and 
Honestly, what is with this, "It doesn't seem reasonable to me," line?
This is the second post in the thread where you have said this.  If you
want people to react positively to the needs of your project, you might
choose not to say things like, "I don't want to...," and, "It doesn't
seem reasonable to me."
You already know that there seems to be a consensus that your project is
not a solution to any problem. [1] You effectively ask for help, and yet
when someone tells you how you can make a Debian package, which is an
issue on your development website [2], you say that you don't want to do
it because it "doesn't seem reasonable."
You can't have it both ways.  You are either engaging, communicative,
reasonable, and compromising, or you are not.  But don't expect anyone
to help you when reject their ideas out of turn.
You asked for help on smartcards recently because you don't have any
readers or cards.  I am not sure whether your project is useful or not,
but I had considered giving you some assistance since I have multiple
readers and cards.  I might help you out when I had some free time just
because you asked for it, I thought.  But your inflexible, and sometimes
irreverent, attitude has soured my intention.
All right.  The rant is over.
[1] Not my opinion.  It is just based on reading the responses to your
project on this list.
[2]

@_date: 2016-04-29 00:03:36
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: Top-posting 
I know.  I use Thunderbird with this option set.  My comment was more
about the idea of always having to correct for a program's defaults
rather than using better defaults. :-)

@_date: 2016-03-16 01:49:46
@_author: Paul R. Ramer 
@_subject: How to silence gpg-agent? 
Have you tried adding the -q (AKA --quiet) option to gpg?
