
@_date: 2009-07-01 09:05:40
@_author: Matt Gantner 
@_subject: My public key block appears different on keyservers 
I have uploaded my public key (GnuPG v2.0.10 (Darwin)) via command
line and copy / paste methods into keys.gnupg.net and pgpkeys.mit.edu
and when I look up the key on the systems they are different. I have
been looking at this problem for a few days and uploading my keys to
servers. So far none have shown me the same key that I produce on my
Here are the public keys with enough info to see the difference.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: SKS 1.1.0
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: PGP Key Server 0.9.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
this is my public from my computer:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: GnuPG v2.0.10 (Darwin)
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
I have tried looking for a reason why this might be and my hypothesis
is that the key server software is determining my public key based on
it's coding and hence the differences.
Have I mucked something up somewhere?
Thanks for any suggestions or pointers to information. I appreciate it.

@_date: 2009-07-02 08:36:14
@_author: Matt Gantner 
@_subject: My public key block appears different on keyservers 
I'm not terribly familiar PNG or GPG keys so bear with me.
I am understanding your statement to be saying that the two keys are
really the same asci text but the line breaks make them appear to be
To test that I ran diff on the two keys and they are completely
different text. Every line was different. So I am falling back to my
theory that the key server software appears to make the public key
different by the nature of its encoding when uploaded.
I managed to set another computer up, with a second gpg identity. I
encoded a message to my first identity using a public key from the
gnupgp keyserver and was able to decrypt it successfully. So despite
the variation in the asci text and length of the public key works.
I am still curious however and wonder if anyone has a theory why these
public keys change depending on the key server?
Thanks for the responses and help.

@_date: 2009-07-02 10:56:42
@_author: matt gantner 
@_subject: My public key block appears different on keyservers 
Thanks for the feedback. The gzip example clarified what your meaning  to me. My mental model incorrectly assumed that a public key was a non- changing form but I now see that the encoded key data takes different  forms but results in the same informaton when analyized by gpg.
via mobile device
