
@_date: 2015-05-24 12:35:27
@_author: George Lee 
@_subject: Random Seed for Generating PGP Keys 
I'm interested in seeing if rather than relying on the built-in software to
generate randomness when creating a PGP key, if it is possible to configure
GnuPG to use a manually entered random seed. That way I could generate a
seed using coins, dice, my magic cauldron, etc.
Is this possible to do? How much entropy in a seed would I need?
I also imagine that folks might say the software is very good at generating
random numbers. Feel free to share more details why, e.g. how many bits of
entropy are provided and how to make sure they're truly random. But it
would still be helpful to know if the above customization is possible.
Thank you!
- George

@_date: 2015-05-27 09:18:04
@_author: George Lee 
@_subject: Random Seed for Generating PGP Keys 
Also, I may be wrong here -- it seems that CSPRNG sometimes refers to
libgcrypt's "Continuously Seeded" and other times refers to
"Cryptographically Secure."
Peace, community, justice,
- George

@_date: 2015-05-27 09:14:40
@_author: George Lee 
@_subject: Random Seed for Generating PGP Keys 
I'm not trying to generate multiple random numbers, but just generate a PGP
key one time in a way that is very hard to crack by basing it on a one-time
seed generated manually in a reliably random way.
With software, there's risks that the sequence of numbers generated isn't
fully random and that someone could cut use information about the software
or other numbers it generates, to better guess any single number it
generates. I know that a CSPRNG is supposed to make this cryptographically
secure, but (and correct me if I'm wrong) it seems that some one-time
offline truly random process (like rolling a thousand non-biased coins by a
no-biased person) is guaranteed to be more random than any HWRNG or
software RNG that might actually have correlations you're not aware of. It
also seems less susceptible to somebody using knowledge of the software or
number-generating process to better crack what numbers you used.
(1) Is there a way to seed the random number generators used by GnuPG with
a one-time manually entered seed?
(2) Is there a way to seed any of the random number generators people have
mentioned in this thread, with a one-time manually entered seed?
(3) Is there a way to have GnuPG use a different random number generator
like he ones people mentioned on this thread?
(4) Of the random number generators mentioned in this thread, which are
cryptographically secure?
Peace, community, justice,
- George
