
@_date: 2004-12-30 22:31:46
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: signing a robot's key - was: Re: Global Directory signatures 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
It's signing keys left and right, which started this whole discussion.  Is
there any doubt that this particular key is anything but what it purportes to
be?  If so, where are the real signatures from the real key that is supposed
to be fullfilling this role?
For most of us, we're assuming that there is not an adversary with infinite
resources out to get us.  If there were, I would not trust any signatures
except my own, or those of personally trusted associates. (And probably not
gnupg itself or this computer, but there it is...)

@_date: 2005-01-01 12:58:29
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: signing a robot's key - was: Re: Global Directory signatures 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
The difference between the two here is that the key 57548DCD purportes to be Werner Koch (gnupg sig) , not "GnuPG release signing key."  It
is intended for a role, but also has a link to a real person and an e-mail
address.  For this key, you would need to verify all three bits of information
for signing. However, for key CA57AD7C, the only bit of information on the key is: "PGP
Global Directory Verification Key."  To verify this, you only need to confirm
that it is fulfilling this role.  Indeed, there is no way that meeting someone
in meatspace can confirm this, without that person abusing the intended role
for this key, thus eroding trust in it.  In the above case, if they key had
said only "GnuPG release signing key", and had a history of signing the gnupg
releases, that would be the only verification needed to identify the key as
what it purportes to be.  Verifying that person X has control of this key is
superfluous to verfifying it's role.

@_date: 2005-01-01 12:59:31
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: signing a robot's key - was: Re: Global Directory signatures 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
However, you couldn't replace the real signatures from this key without
breaking into keyserver.pgp.com.  You couldn't replace the role that this key
is serving without comprimising the very servers where the secret key has to
be stored.[1]
Also, anybody with a spare 5 minutes can verify that this key does indeed sign
their key when it is submitted to keyserver.pgp.com.  I just did, and I see
only a single signature from "PGP Global Directory Verification Key", which
matches the key I just downloaded from their website.
The difference is that people can directly verify the PGP directory key, which
is not the case in your example.
So, you don't believe keys can exist for roles. I do. Anybody who uses https
in a browser without first clearing the CA list does.  Tens of governments do.
Hundreds (or possibly thousands) of companies do.  Numbers don't make it
right, but they do define what actually works in the real world.
[1] Ok, there are dns attacks, but we won't go into all the possibilities

@_date: 2005-01-01 16:36:18
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: signing a robot's key - was: Re: Global Directory signatures 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
What you're really saying is that it can't be proven to a level you are
willing to accept.  Fortunately, PGP/GnuPG doesn't dictate this, so people can
follow whatever trust model they are willing to accept.  I (and others I've
worked with) willing to accept that roles exist, and that roles cannot
neccessarily be associated to a single person.  You (and others on this list)
are not.  That's this discussion in a nutshell.
To use the X.509/SSL model, have you ever done a transaction involving money
in a web browser?  If you have, you've implicitly told the other end of the
transaction that you trust the key (and backed it up with a monetary value).
Did you personally verify the root CA that signed the web server's
certificate.  Or, did you even verify the web server's certificate?  Did you
correlate either to a real-world person?  Of course you didn't; you couldn't
because they are a role associated with more than one person, and those people
may or may not change more often than the key itself.
No, it's not the same system, but it has the same concept of trusting keys
that are signed by others, and keys being associated with people or entities.
But you couldn't put it on the PGP web site, or sign every key that is
submitted to the PGP global directory, and modify the keys in the directory to
remove the valid signature, making yours look correct.  Yes, you can create a
key that looks correct, but you can't use that key in the intended role.
Anybody can create a president key.  However, nobody will trust
it because that key does not sign messages coming from
president or respond to messages encrypted to president  The real PGP directory key acts in a way consistent
with it's name, which (to the people using the directory) proves it's
identity. Ok, if the definition of verify is not 'prove that something is what it claims
to be', please fill me in.  Oxford lists, "establish the truth or correctness
of by examination."  How would you verify a toll booth is what it says it is?
It's identity is it's function. It's identity is not who is in the booth.
For the toll booth example, do you need to know who built the toll booth to
verify that it is indeed a toll booth?  Even when travelling in a foreign
country?  Would you refuse to pay if you could not verify this?
On to another example, SSH.  Arguably much more popular than PGP/GnuPG, with
the same concept of a key identifying an entity.  How do you verify a host's
key?  Do you have to insist that a host corresponds to a person or group of
people?  Do you go to your local system administrator to verify the
fingerprint of the key?  How do you verify that he administrates that system,
as most organizations have multiple system administration groups?  In the ~7
years that I've been using ssh in system administration, I have yet to have a
single person come to me for this verification, or even hear of it happening.
You're forgetting that not everybody wants the same level of verification, or
has the same ideas about what verification means.
In the two instances where I've helped set up PGP to be used in a corporate
environment (for payroll and customer billing info), the verfication process
1) Received key on disk via fedex.
2) Made a test transaction.
3) Called the contact at the remote company to verify that the transaction did
indeed arrive and they were able to process it.
In either of these cases, the management would never have accepted, 'person x
signed the key, so we can trust it', regardless of the identity of person x.
In neither case was there a person's name on the key.  Yet the financial
departement at both companies was willing to accept this idea of verification,
and back that up with large sums of money -- after if was verified to their
level of satisfaction.  Are you willing to do the same with the WoT?
... to a satisfactory level.
That you have your idea of verfication and what you are willing to accept is
fine.  I have a different idea.  You can use yours, and I can use mine.  All
this means is that I don't trust your signatures and you don't trust my
signatures, and life goes on.

@_date: 2005-01-01 18:54:43
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: signing a robot's key - was: Re: Global Directory signatures 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
Ok, so I might have gone to far with the role argument there...
For me, in this case, the key and the role are the same thing.  The key only
exists for the role, and the role can only be effectively done by using a key.
If you trust the key to do the role, then I see a very small difference
between trusting it personally and telling your neigbor that you do so.
My opinions on key trust:
If it is just used for e-mail, then I only care that the key matches the
e-mail address.  The only keys trusted as introducers on my keyring are the
ones that verify this.  Had I met the person at a conference or at a
training course, I would demand no more than that -- they are in the same
class or conference because they are physically present.  Beyond that, they
can call themselves almost any name they want, as I am not trusting them
with anything that depends on their name.
However, if it is used for business / transactions, then I will not trust
anything but personally verifying the identity of the key, or a trusted
third party doing the same (but not through key signing).  For the ssl
example in another e-mail, this is getting the URL for the bank from their
literature, or a similar method.  If they used pgp, I would get the
fingerprint from their brochure.
While gpg is a great tool for encrypting and verifying e-mail, I don't put
any more trust in the WoT than I would had I met the same people on the
street.  If I don't know someone personally, I wouldn't trust them to vouch
for another person.
For the record, the only keys I have non-locally signed keys of close
friends.  For the rest, I have only signed them locally to get rid of the
'untrusted signature' message (they've sent 20 messages that verified good,
they must be doing something right), or in the case of Robot CA's, to mark them
as trusted introducers.  My setup probably needs some tuning to verify this
is working correctly, but as stated above, I won't trust anything sensitive
to pgp unless I really trust the person, and have personally verified the
key.  I would have no problem publicly signing a Robot CA key, but because I
wouldn't trust an unknown third party (and thus assume others are similar),
I haven't seen much utility in doing so. If I believed anybody out there
had any trust in my key, then I would publicly sign them; of course after I
had verified they were working as advertised by having a key signed by
For those who've gotten this far, how many would or would not trust the WoT
(meaning beyond a friend/aquaintance, or beyond someone vouched for by a
friend/aquaintance) for transactions involving money or sensitive
information?  I'm curious if I'm just to cynical or paranoid.

@_date: 2005-01-01 18:56:20
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: signing a robot's key - was: Re: Global Directory signatures 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
But how do you verify that person created the key, or wrote the application?
You would have to either trust them to tell you the truth, or interview tens
of people that work at their company, assuming you trusted their HR department
to tell you that they do work there, and that they are in the correct

@_date: 2005-01-02 19:02:20
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: signing a robot's key - was: Re: Global Directory signatures 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
In this case, there is no person.  There is a corporate entity, a keyserver,
and a web server.  No person.  The key exists for the role.  The trust in the
role would be very limited without the key. _In this case_, the key and the
role, even though they are not the same thing, are inseperable.  Take away
one, and the other has little reason to exist.   I'm not saying that is the
general case, I'm just stating my opinion of this particular case.
For the general role based case, my opinion is that some these keys can be
verified to a level that I would be confident enough to publicly sign them.
Ah, but the capacity is in the system to do just that.  Edit the trust of a
key, and there is an option 'I do NOT trust'.  I would think there is
something similar in the PGP code.  I haven't looked at the code, but I would
hope this setting overrides any trust earned from signatures on a key.
Indeed, the default is to not trust signatures unless you have a close link in
the WoT.  Trust is earned, based on the rules and signatures that _you_ make
I'm saying that I don't trust signatures at all in this case. From anybody. In
this case. X.509 or PGP is irrelevant to the issue.
The set 'keys used by machines', and 'role-based keys' are not neccesarily
equal. My opinion is that people should be able to make the choice of what keys to
sign (publicly or privately) individually.  Fortunately, barring massive
changes to the OpenPGP spec and current implementations, this is the case.
Ok, if you walk into your local branch of the bank, and they have a poster
with their PGP fingerprint, how much more authoritative do you need?  If
you're trusting the signature with your money, aren't you already saying to
the world that you have confidence that this key is the bank's key?  And no, I
would not make an exportable signature based on that, as I would expect people
to verify the key themselves when it's that important.
Because I believe that someone could trust a role-based key enough to
broadcast that fact to the world.  That does not seem to be the commonly held
opinion on this list.
If my signing policy can break your WoT, then there is something wrong with it
at the conceptual level.  I don't think this is the case.  Based on the
difference in opinions, I don't think I would ever have enough signatures
close enough to your own to make my key in any way trusted on your keyring.
In this way, the WoT is working perfectly.  Without any work on your end, you
won't trust any of my signatures, and they won't enter into the trust
calculations on your keyring.  Great, ain't it?

@_date: 2005-01-02 22:27:38
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: signing a robot's key - was: Re: Global Directory signatures 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
I also don't put too much stock in them verifying the identity for me either.
There have been too many cases of certificates issued based on false
Fortunately GnuPG can work with my trust model, which is that I trust myself,
friends, and (for work stuff) others at my company.  Works like a champ for
GnuPG (and PGP in general) can work with either model. In effect, the X.509
model is only a more limited version of the PGP model, where only a certain type
of key can be trusted. The difference is that the pgp way lets the user choose
the model, and X.509 does not (easily).
But that still won't erase the original signatures on the key.  It will now
have two signatures from different key ID's, which would most likely quickly
be noticed by the maintainers.
You also didn't answer how you would get it behind all of those links on the
PGP website.
Only 5 keys on the key servers.  Apparently not too common.  Could be done,
but it wouldn't go unnoticed for long, and once the key was removed from the
keyserver, you have to start from zero.  I haven't tried it, but I'm guessing
it takes a while to generate the neccessary ~2 billion key pairs on average to
have a collision.  It's certainly not the low hanging fruit in this model.
For anything I would trust in normal e-mail, yes.
A singature verifies a user-id, which may or may not correspond to a single
person.  Do a keysearch on 'corporate', or go to most computer security sites
(including microsft, hp, etc), and you will find PGP keys that to not have a
person's name on them, and do not correspond to a person, yet they are in
daily use, and trusted with the security of (possibly) hundreds of thousands
of computer system's security.  Whether or not you personally trust it enough
to sign it, you have to agreee that a user-id can correspond to a role, and
that hundreds, or possibly thousands of people have enough trust in this to
publicly sign user-ids that correspond to a role.
SSH does not have the same model as X.509.  Not even close.  There is no
concept of certification in SSH, there is only host and unix user key pairs.
It can rely on keys put in place by the administrator, but this is rarely used
because it is difficult to maintain, can be overriden by the user, and is
almost impossible to cross administrative domains.  It does use the OpenSSL
libraries, but only for the cryptographic primitives, not for the protocol
level.  OpenPGP verification of keys has recently been added, so it could be
said (very loosely) that it corresponds more to the pgp model than to the
X.509 model.
That I don't have a problem with, but you're putting forth your system as the
only valid alternative.  This just isn't the case.
X.509 is very painful to use for files transferred by anything but SSL.
Non-interactive secure SSL more difficult to setup than PGP for the same
purpose.  PGP lets the file reside on unsecure medium in the middle without
being comprimised (for example, mail servers or ftp servers).  PGP can be more
easily adapted to secure non-interactive use, though the gap is closing on
that one.
Again, subjective.  If it wasn't, most trials would be a lot shorter.
In this respect, the WoT is working.  With my attitude towards keysinging, I
would never have enough signatures on my key from keys you trust to make it to
trusted status on your keyring.  If I could, then there is something wrong
with the concept.
You can use the keyparty model; I don't have any problem with that. However, I
won't participate in it.  PGP works with a web of trust, but it does not
define the size of the web, or how to build it; that is up to the user.  My
web looks very different than yours, but I'm willing to live with that.
Yes, this works for as much as you would trust Bob's trust.  Me, I would only
trust Bob to introduce me to Neil.  I'm more paranoid and don't trust Neil
unless I know him, and GnuPG works just fine for me that way also, with only a
single option changed from the default. I've _personalized_ it to my trust
preferences, which are not far from the default.
The X.509 examples were just to point out that most people on the list have
probably used a system where they have implicitly stated their trust (backing
it up with money; more trusting than just signing a key) in a
not-personally-known third party, but refuse to do so in this case.
Regardless of the system in use, it is effectively the same leap of faith;
trusting 'Bob' - the browser authors, who trust 'Neil' - the CA,  to introduce
you to someone else who will take your money.  Only in this case, 'Bob' is the
role of browser author, and 'Neil' is the role-based key of Thawte, or
Verisign, or ABA.ECOM.
In any case, I'm not trying to tell people they should trust role based keys,
I'm just trying to point out that some people do, and are willing to tell the
world that this is the case.  Whether you are willing to do so is up to you,
and whether I am willing to do so is entirely up to me.

@_date: 2005-01-10 07:50:23
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: GD returns expired key 
Hash: SHA256
It will also show revoked uid's as if they are usable, and try to verify them.
I sent a bug report on their web form, but haven't gotten any feedback in over
a week...

@_date: 2005-01-18 22:04:05
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: auto sign files 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
How is it less secure?  It is encrypted before it leaves the machine, and you
can guarantee that it was either signed by the script, or signed by someone
who broke into the machine. If it's the latter case, all bets are off, because
they could steal your private key and passphrase at will anyway, even if
you're using pgp off of a usb key and following all of the other recommended
I belive the original problem was to automate this.  If you've never managed
a production environment, automation means no private machines.
As Adam said... This is more secure than the alternative.  If the machine is
compromised, the key is comprimised, whether or not somebody is typing in the
passphrase manually.  With automation, the only added risk is opening this to
the authorized administrators of the machine, who would have the passphrase
anyway.  Perhaps the machine will be a bit more open, but if it's comprimised,
the data that is being encrypted is comprimised anyway, regardless of
To digress a bit, there is a concept in the real world called 'good enough'.
It means that most company's security is not as tight as what is needed for
the banking industry, which is not as tight as what is needed for the
military, which is not as tight as what is needed for three-letter-agencies.
Pick your spot in this scale, but don't force others to work up or down to
this same level.  Just a general impression -- I get the feeling you are trying to scare newbies
away, rather than help them start using gnupg.  Not everybody can or will use
gnupg to your standards, and if you say "It's my way or the hiway", you won't
get many converts.

@_date: 2005-01-19 09:19:29
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: auto sign files 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
Actually the original post didn't state anything about the file, only that he
wants to sign them automatically.  Nothing about where they came from or where
they are going.  I probably went too far in assuming that he was sending them
But this is the general case.  It's irrelevant whether the machine is private
or not, whether it is automated or not.  If the machine holding the private
keys is comprimised, the signatures are suspect.  There are any number of key
loggers for NT/XP, builtin tty snoop programs for unix, etc...  The only risk
this particular usage adds is _authorized users_ of this machine.  If user x's
machine is comprimised, it makes no difference if he has a three paragraph
pass phrase, or if he is incredibly prudent in what he signs; his key is no
longer secure and all signatures verified after this are suspect.
If this is a corporate environment, there are no private machines.  If the
machines are not managed by some sort of administration group, then there will
be many more security problems than verifying these files...
The problem is that you said this is less secure, without knowing the original
posters requirements.  It's like watching a Michael Moore film or a George
Bush speech.  When presented with half the facts and lots of opinion, with no
distinction between the two, people are not going to make good decisions.

@_date: 2005-01-28 11:31:51
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: gpg return value problem 
Hash: SHA256
It looks like you're doing this in perl, so it's a bit off-topic for the list,
This will only catch the output:
$output = `cmd`; What you want to do is to check the $? variable after running the command,
like this:
$output = `cmd`;
if( $? ){
    print "gpg returned: $?\n";
    # error handling
You'll probably want to look at 'perldoc -f system' on what to do with $? to get
meaningful information.
