
@_date: 2004-04-29 19:09:14
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: re. Moving from PGP to GnuPG and other questions ... 
This is where my confusion comes from with signing keys... Yes, I can sign the
key for Lewis Powell, after verifying that it is indeed a Lewis Powell that
owns the key.
However, a google search for "Lewis Powell" returns about 8,000 hits,
including a Supreme Court justice, a criminal on death row, and a "Lewis
Powell" award (and the few more I'll add by putting his name in this e-mail).
I can safely assume he's not the one in jail, but he could be one of hundreds.
Which "Jeff Fisher" am I?  The one running for Congress in Florida, the american
football coach, or yet another one?
The reality is that his name, which is the identifying information everybody
stresses, is far from unique.  Yes, there may be only a handful of these
"Lewis Powell"s that use pgp, but that is relying on chance more than
There is also the e-mail address in the user id field, which should be unique
and relatively constant, but little or none of the information on signing keys
mentions verifying that the e-mail address is actually this person.  Yes, it's
possible that someone else will take that e-mail address, but if several
e-mail addresses are listed on the key, you can be relatively sure that you
can still reach the person.
So, (finally), the question is, in practice what's the use of verifying only
the name of the person before signing their key?
Personally, I've only signed the keys of people I know personally. However,
after a bit of thought, this gives me pause to sign anybody else's key with or
without a passport, or reason to sign keys based on only e-mail correspondence.

@_date: 2004-05-17 18:39:17
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: key-signing for pseudonyms 
I'm jumping in here, because this is similar to a question I asked on the
list a couple weeks ago about verifying the real name.
Just my opinion (or the circles I travel in), but growing up in the US, almost
everybody personally knows one or two people who have a fake ID for getting
into bars under the legal drinking age.  Often these are legal ID's, issued by
the state, with falsified information.  For the truly paranoid, several of the
9/11 terrorists had valid US drivers licences, as US citizens.
From stories I've heard, passports are not that much harder to get,
depending on the country.  How much trust would you put into a passport
from any third-world country? How about Afganistan or Iraq? In the US, a
passport requires only a birth certificate (easily faked by any doctor),
SSN (based on the birth certificate) and a drivers licence (based on the
above two and a driving test).  Even if the document is faked, do you know the anti-counterfiet measures for
the passports in more than a couple countries? Who's a paranoid guy to trust?
Maybe the solution to the original problem is to get a passport that says
"Atom Smasher" as the name. ;-)
I guess I'm in the minority here, but I'd consider the name to be the least
important bit of information in the user id, as it is the most easily
faked.  Granted, most people do not have fake id's, and the value of faking
a name for a pgp key is dubious, but IMO the only way to really trust the
name is to know someone personally, or have trust in somebody who does know
them personally. This is something you won't get at a keysigning party.
Having a photo uid (as was suggested in the previous thread) may be an option,
but doesn't add any weight to the real name on the key.  Counterfeit documents
can have any photo, and faked documents will of course match the person who
supplied the false information.
It's also possible to fake an e-mail address by intercepting the traffic or
hacking into an e-mail server, but in my experience, this is limited to a
much smaller group of people capable of such feats, and not likely to go
undetected for long.
With the e-mail address, if your mail server is comprimised you are open to
mitm attacks, but this would be almost impossible if the fingerprint is
exchanged using another means.  So, a combination of fingerprint and e-mail
is likely to get you the right person, but the name stands alone, without a
secondary means to verify it such as a mutual aquaintance.
Just to add a bit more paranoia, at least in the US, there are books about
changing your identity for whatever reason, and someone who has done this
would have many people who only know them as the new name they have chosen.
So maybe even vouching for someone isn't sure, or maybe the real name is just
not a solid enough piece of information any longer.  It all comes down to a
leap of faith to actually trust the real name on a key. Even celebrities are
not exempt.  How many actors and singers go by stage names?  Is it even
relevant to know the real name of the person in these cases, as they are
effectively know by their fake name?
Of course, this could all just be the mad rantings of a bitter, paranoid
old man...

@_date: 2004-05-17 22:50:59
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: key-signing for pseudonyms 
(Not neccesarily a reply to this e-mail, just continuing my train of
Perhaps I'm off into the mad rantings, but my thoughts are that the real
name is 1) difficult to reliably verify, because 2) it can be relatively
easily faked, 3) is not unique, 4) may not be important as generally you
know the person by their e-mail address or internet persona, at least for
people you meet at a keysigning party.
However, it is this piece of dubious information (the real name) that is
stressed in the key-signing party literature, in preference to the e-mail
address.  The only reference to verifying the e-mail address that I can
find is in the gpg man page under default-cert-check-level (and on this
mailing list).  Someone who's not on this list would not neccessarily see
the importance of verifying the e-mail address, as I didn't until I
subscribed myself.
I'm open to be convinced that the real name is more important or as
important as the e-mail address, but all I've seen so far is that it's
more important, but not why it is more important.  Granted, it's
a bad idea to sign a key in a name that the owner does not use, but I
don't see the problem in signing a key wih a pseudonym or alias, so long
as that is how I know the person behind the key.
Anyway, that's my thoughts, and, as the documentation says, it's up to the
individual to decide what constitutes verifying the information in the uid
before signing.  I'd better stop now before I've beaten the dead horse too much...

@_date: 2004-05-17 23:27:14
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: key-signing for pseudonyms 
Bad form to reply to myself, but, as Murphy is my co-pilot, I forgot to
mention verifying the fingerprint out-of-band remains important.
Just to go off on another tangent...  Would distributing one or more
challenges/responses at a key-signing party, either as a group or one on one
add to the security?  The challenges/responses would later be verified by
e-mail, there would need to be at least one for the group, or one for each
person present, and it would need to be worked out who would send the
challenge and who would send the response for each key that you plan on
signing. By being present, you've verified that the person has the fingerprint to a
particular key, but as I'm not trusting that thier real name is correct (or
allowing for pseudonyms), this would verify that the person who is at the
party actually has control of that key. This wouldn't replace a seperate
challenge/response sent to each e-mail address to verify that the e-mail is
valid, but supplement it as a check to see if the person was physically
present.  It doesn't open any more holes (that I can see) than the possibility
of fake id's, and would close the loophole (for me, at least) that the person
was physically present at the key-signing party.
Can anybody see a loophole in this that doesn't already exist?
Another option could be stressing the photo ID on a key, but it seems that
very few people seem to do this at the moment.
Perhaps the above is already done by some people, but once again, does not
seem to be in the literature, so I'm appealing to the list.
Well, one more lash...

@_date: 2004-05-19 09:27:58
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: key-signing for pseudonyms 
Mark & Atom have summarized where I was going with this better that I could...
There are three pieces of identifying information on the key, the fingerprint,
the e-mail address, and the real name.  Two of these are unique, and one is
fuzzy.  However, we are all familiar with using the fuzzy bit to identify
somebody, and not as comfortable with using the other two pieces of
information, so we tend to stick with what we historically see as the most
important, however useful it is in practice.
As an aside, I found some interesting links when looking at
 where Phil Zimmerman talks about his views on
PGP usage.  Maybe they've already made it to the list before...
 (Under the Friday section)

@_date: 2004-05-20 14:16:57
@_author: Jeff Fisher 
@_subject: key-signing for pseudonyms 
What I got out of it is that for the vast majority of users, a WOT adds no
tangible benefit.  Only for specific, smaller applicataions does a WOT add any
real value.  For example, transferring documents between two companies, if
there are strong links between the two webs of trust withing the companies,
employees will be able to send encrypted documents and information between the
two companies with confidence.
This is true, and is how probably 90% of the users of PGP use it.  However, if
I want my key trusted on this list, the current thinking is (correct me if I'm
wrong) that I'll need to go to a keysigning party, and verify my real identity
with another trusted member of the list, or somebody well within this public
WOT. However, in practical terms, it is very likely that a keysigning is the
only place I would meet another list member in person, and almost impossible
that another list member would rely upon this trust for anything outside of
e-mail conversations.
I get the impression that Phil is in favor of many smaller, tightly knit webs
of trust, like my example above -- where identity is firmly established using
formal methods, and a loosely knit public web(s) of trust, where identity only
needs to be loosely established, and formal methods (identifying via passport
in person, etc) are not needed.
