
@_date: 2016-02-26 18:26:14
@_author: keith 
@_subject: Help with FreePascal/Lazarus TProcess. 
I've been looking at TProcess in FreePascal/Lazarus,
and had some success using it to generate key/certificate pairs using
OpenSSL as the TProcess. I thought I would try it with GnuPG and used
the same program structure I had created for OpenSSL.
This thread more or less describes the problem,
but unless you subscribe to the forum you will not see the picture so,
As suggested the TProcess as called form Lazurus stalls after "permitted
by law" and as a result my program does the same.
I'm sure someone on the FreePascal forums will provide some help
assuming they have experience but I kind of get the impression that
TProcess is a bit of a 'black art' so I thought I would ask here as
Any Ideas?

@_date: 2016-07-19 13:28:21
@_author: keith 
@_subject: install problem 
I will probably be wrong but when Linux moans at me about missing
a ??.so.XX it is usually the case that the require file is
called ??.so.YY and there is a missing Symbolic Link
Symbolic link to shared library and the library itself. I'm sure my
computer is not up to date...

@_date: 2016-06-16 12:38:14
@_author: keith 
@_subject: keytyping never end when gen-key, and importing key warning 
I'll take a probable incorrect guess at the first part. GPG relies not only on your activity to create the entropy but also
other processes running on the target system. It is however your input
that provides the push over the edge. Whilst Ubuntu will be running
numerous other processes both in background and foreground your Arm
board is likely to be doing much less. The result is that the Ubuntu
system gains the required entropy much more quickly and with less input
from yourself.
Perhaps you can get your Arm board to perform more tasks whilst the keys
are being generated. I have found that compressing/decompressing a bunch
of files whilst the keys are being generated helps things along
immensely. I also remember someone on the list mentioning a process or
piece of software that performed a similar task but unfortunately I do
not remember the name of it.

@_date: 2016-03-01 00:09:41
@_author: keith 
@_subject: Retrieval of passphrase 
No Idea... Linux Mint User and I regularly break it.
I would, probably incorrectly, assume that if you still had your old G5
with the Old Version of GPG Installer Suite on it then there will be an
Export Keys Function which you would use to Export your Public and
Private keys to a USB drive.
Then you would plug your USB drive up your new iMac and use the New
Version of GPG Installer Suite which is likely to have an Import Keys
Function to drag your old Keys onto your New Computer... I assume you
have a PostIt note with the passphrase on.
Apologies if that was either wrong or a bit tongue in cheek.

@_date: 2016-03-14 20:00:24
@_author: keith 
@_subject: gnupg doesn't create new keys 
Hi... Trust me. I know nothing.
I have an Intel Core-2 Duo running Linux Mint.
I assume you got a message that you had to do something in order to
collect 'the entropy'. That doing something involves going off and using
the computer to do other things rather than looking at the terminal.
The message, IIRC, says you have to move the mouse about or use the
keyboard but, and someone else might step in... Try watching some movies
or perhaps better still go tar some random files on your hard disk and
write a snotty letter to someone whilst playing 'Heavy Metal' and other
Again I know nothing but I think the 'entropy thing' is an effort to
generate some random prime numbers and you need to create the randomness
by picking your nose or scratching your arse in between fiddling with
the keyboard and other things to do with the computer.
Apologies if that comes across as being facetious. The more random you
are as a human and the faster you do more random things as a human the
faster the entropy arises.

@_date: 2016-03-26 12:56:50
@_author: keith 
@_subject: EasyGnuPG 
There you go. I've already demonstrated how rubbish I am by using my
primary e-mail address rather than my 'registered' one to respond.
Either you will throw your hands up in despair or think 'If this idiot
can be taught to the extent that he can explain things to other
I'm not proud and I am not going to get upset if you decide I am the
wrong person for the job.
Offer's there anyway.

@_date: 2016-05-04 15:38:18
@_author: keith 
@_subject: UK Investigatory Powers Bill 
Feel free to ignore me.
As you may know the UK Government is attempting to update or otherwise
consolidate its legislation in respect of access to Communications and
Other Data for the purposes of law enforcement. In part that is what
raised my interest in encryption and caused me to join this list. I am
not really any further forward but the interest remains... I should
mention that I am not a Diplomat or Advocate but rather a thick keyboard
I've been following, listening to, The Public Bill Committee Debates
with some degree of disappointment given the odds are stacked by the
present Government majority and the apparent lack of technical knowledge
of those involved in developing this legislation.
I am just listening to,
 My apologies for not being able to give an exact time stamp but
somewhere about 2 hours in they start discussing encryption and the
capability of requesting its removal. I'm not going to try and decipher
what is going on here or the thoughts or interpretations of those
concerned other than suggest that things appear to fall to pieces or at
least there is a veil of uncertainty.
Again... feel free to ignore me but it strikes me, and it should be
unsurprising, that you lot know what you are talking about given you
built GPG and as such I wonder if you might wish to make a direct
comment to the committee yourselves. I realise that is a big ask because the underlying information is
extensive and spread out across numerous resources. Other problem is the
consultation, or this stage of it, closes tomorrow...
"Latest news
The Public Bill Committee on the Investigatory Powers Bill has now
concluded its work, and has reported the Bill to the House with
Once a Public Bill Committee has completed its work it is no longer able
to receive written evidence."
It appears it is now 'closed'... Next stop[?] 'House of Lords'..
Otherwise Kier Starmer, Labour, and Joanna Cherry, Scottish National
Party, were the committee members who worked hardest to scrutinise and
attempt to amend the bill at this particular stage.
keir.starmer.mp at parliament.uk
joanna.cherry.mp at parliament.uk
I could be wrong but given the Government majority my impression is that
they were not overly successful. However you might wish to ask them for
advice and gather your thoughts in order to present your concerns,
should you have any, and voice them.
This UK legislation will have impact elsewhere.

@_date: 2016-05-04 18:04:55
@_author: keith 
@_subject: UK Investigatory Powers Bill 
.. I should really sort out which e-mails I have a clue about..
Having listened further, I was just going through it when I posted my
original message.. and gone to Hansard,
..There should be a linkable online version somewhere but my skills are
"Joanna Cherry: I am sorry to interrupt the Solicitor
General?s flow, but I sense he is coming to the end of his
argument. Will he clarify something? Am I right in
understanding that there is nothing in the clause to
prevent someone who is intent on evading surveillance
from using open-source encryption software that is
personally generated by the user? That would mean
they could encrypt files and email communications
themselves, independent of any provider, and therefore
remain untouched by this legislation.
The Solicitor General: That question is about the
definition of the provider. I am sure we will be able to
provide some clarity on that before I draw my remarks
to a conclusion. I am grateful to the hon. and learned
Lady for raising that point.
The hon. and learned Lady made the powerful point
that the clause does not relate to personally applied
encryption. However, measures in part 3 of RIPA 2000
provide for where law enforcement agencies can require
an individual to remove encryption that he or she has
applied themselves. We know that the Bill generally
does not cover all the agencies? powers. This is perhaps a
welcome opportunity to remind ourselves of the existing
provisions in part 3, so I am grateful to her."
Then as you suggest they are relying on or appear to be relying upon
RIPA 2000 whereby the person who applied the original encryption can be
'forced' to hand over their keys.
Being me I still would not trust them to not be seeking ways or means to
back door encryption. It's got something to do with their lips
moving :-)
I also note your point about equipment interference and bulk
interception. You can add ICRs and indeed the rest of the bill to the
list of concerns. Personally I almost realise that some of this may be
needed and/or indeed necessary but I am concerned that the direction and
level of intrusion might be misplaced.

@_date: 2016-05-05 11:33:34
@_author: keith 
@_subject: UK Investigatory Powers Bill 
Ah well... As you suggest they are looking to legalise past actions and
extend their capabilities in the future.
Resistance as they say is futile. The Public Bill Committee was 'loaded'
in favour of the Government with any and all Opposition amendments being
voted down. Basically it has gone through this stage without anything
being changed. I do not see much hope for anything happening in The
House of Lords or any time later so we are left with the ECtHR, Davis
and Williams. I guess I look forward to receiving a 'Technical
Capability Notice' in respect of my Raspberry PI e-mail server. Otherwise welcome to Full On Hard Core DPI across the whole of the UK
that is going to affect all internal traffic and anything transiting the
borders.... Not that you could trust them, or others, anyway but it
might be time to set up BGP to steer all traffic away from DataStrip
