
@_date: 2008-08-07 17:15:44
@_author: GNUMD 
@_subject: MAC Installer for GNUPG? 
Is there a MAC OS installer, I am trying to get a colleague who uses
MAC to get and user GNUPG.  She doesn't know what she is doing or what
to install.
I appreciate any help, I know nothing about Macs, and really don't
want to know much about them.  I thought the GNUPG site would have an
installer, or are there source files that need compiled on Mac OS?
GNUPG ID: 0x1036DFBA

@_date: 2008-07-15 17:19:57
@_author: GNU MD 
@_subject: Portable GNUPG/GNUPG4WIN 
I was wondering if there was (updated) work on a USB version of a
portable GNUPG that could work on any windows computer (regardless of
the administrator rights that may limit user's installing software)
and perhaps also on any GNU/LINUX PC?
I go between many different computers including my own WINXP and
GNU/LINUX boxes and many at work.  I would like to be able to bring my
keys and GNUPG4WIN (for the work computers that are WINXP) with me to
encrypt and decrypt to anyone on my key manager (which I would also
like to be portable).
I prefer using GNU/LINUX but on WINXP I have become fairly comfortable
with the WINPT interface.  Although on my own computer I can't seem to
encrypt files with GPGEE properly.
Thank you,

@_date: 2008-07-20 13:17:08
@_author: GNU MD 
@_subject: General Posting Questions 
Hash: SHA1
Being new, I realized I better learn the proper netiquette for sending
and replying to the gnupg digest I received today.
1) Change the subject to the relevant post.
This seems obvious, but gmail does not like to prompt for this, others
may notice one must think to do this versus simply replying to the
original message.  I fell for this mistake already.  My apologies.
2) Question - Do we include the entire digest or merely the part to
which we are replying?  It makes more sense to simply copy/paste the
part we are responding to and using a new message with a new subject
line. Please correct me if I am wrong.
3) Question - when submitting a new inquiry - what information and
process is preferred.  I will sign my posts with my key and also
include my keyid. I presume it is acceptable to simply send a new
message with a relevant subject line to the gnupg-users list.  Please
correct me if I am wrong.
Thank you for your patience with me, I am eager to improve and wish to
not offend or inconvenience others working together.
In liberty,
ID: 0x1036DFBA

@_date: 2008-07-24 19:09:33
@_author: GNU MD 
@_subject: Portable GNUPG? 
Hash: SHA1
Well I apologize if in my newness I missed any replies.
But I don't think I did.
My problem:
I am a physician, so I tend to work on these locked-down
computers in various hospitals.  Electronic medical records
are OK, but really there is no replacement for a patient list,
such as a to-do list (labs to check up on and phone numbers to
call the patients regarding test results etc).  I have no intention
of leaking patient related information or even a fragment of a
social security number or a phone number etc... so I want to be
able to write myself an electronic note (ie. notepad) and encrypt
that note either symmetrically or preferably to my personal public
key for safe-keeping.  I also want to be able to take that note
with me and open it when I am somewhere else (like on another computer).
I noticed that the computers I work on do not let me do invasive
things such as install GNUPG (ex. gpg4win).  I did find some website
that is a bit out of date talking about running GPG off of a USB drive.
Has anyone done this sorta thing.  I mean I would even try using Truecrypt
but even that program's guest feature still requires Truecrypt to already
be installed by someone with administrator access.
Any help would be greatly appreciated.
Also I wanted to thank whomever it was that mentioned biglog, I signed
up and inserted in my key.  I noticed one can also create a keyring.
Not real sure how that is used.  I would love to get every (or any) other
physician using GNUPG.  I think making webs of trust and sharing them
with pharmacies could really help decrease the cost of healthcare by
permitting e-prescribing and keeping out the pharmaceutical industry.
Well that could be a whole other post in itself.
Best regards,
- -Steve (gnumd) 0x1036DFBA

@_date: 2013-04-12 05:52:24
@_author: Steven C. Morreale, M.D./M.P.H. 
@_subject: Mac book Pro - MacGPG2 and Emacs - EasyPG 
Hash: SHA1
Hello GNU Privacy Guard Users:
I typically only use GNU/Linux machines, but recently decided to go
pragmatic due to issues with interacting with data and tools that
other collaborators of mine tend to use.  So I broke down my stern
resolve and bought a MacBook Pro.  Nice machine, I really only use
GPL'd software on it for the most part however.  With a little futzing
around I got GNUPG working on it for e-mail thanks to the GNUPG.ORG
links and Thunderbird and the Enigmail Plugin.
However, on my computers I enjoy using Emacs and was delighted that I
could use that tool on the MacBook Pro as well.  I've been enjoying
using EasyPG on my GNU/Linux machines because of the ability to
encrypt/decrypt regions of text withing a document. Actually on one of
my systems it turned out that an upgrade removed the GPG functionality
from Nautilus and GEDIT to my frustration which prompted me to learn
to use Emacs to do the same thing - in the end even more convenient
for my purposes and I love ORG-MODE.
However, when I went to use the Encrypt/Decrypt functionality of my
Emacs installed on the MacBook Pro it was not finding GPG and was
unable to decrypt or encrypt.
I didn't panic however (well, not for long)...
Being a noob with guts to hack around and not afraid to break
things... ;-) I stumbled in the correct direction eventually.
I went into the Emacs settings/configuration editor (Under Emacs in
menu bar of GUI it is called "Preferences") and saw a search feature
so I entered in "GPG." I found entries for Easy GPG.
With a little bit of terminal hunting with the "cd" command I found
the location of GPG and thanks to an "ls -la" I discovered there were
links to MacGPG2.  So inside the EMACS preferences for EasyPG GPG, I
made the epg gpg home directory "default"
For the entry gpg home: /usr/local/bin/gpg
For the entry gpgsm I put in the MacGPG2 location of the gpgsm:
I ran into some issues which eventually were resolved by importing in
my private key(s) which weren't found initially.
I was then able to find the keys needed with a pop-up prompt to type
the password for the correct key needed to decrypt files containing
regions I had encrypted on another machine with that key.
I hope this information, which lacks some of the details about what I
did may be of help to someone else.
With all of the various internet sites, logins/passwords and other
data that are best when unique/random and kept secure I like to be
able to make an ORG file with encrypted regions containing important
information that is organized by outline format and description.
This is especially important with the rise in the use of cloud
services like dropbox that sync data on multiple computers automatically.
It is great to be able to use multiple machines of one's choice and
needs but to have full access to the shared files and data thanks to
tools that can keep data elements secure and private but continue to
have portability with similar workflows. GPG allows me to do that and
it is awesome to be able to use it in a controlled manner with
powerful tools as versatile as Emacs, and Thunderbird/Enigmail for
e-mail and calendaring on almost any machine!
Have a great day!
- -Steve
a.k.a. DrGNU
Free Software Foundation Contributing Member

@_date: 2013-04-12 05:18:46
@_author: Steven C. Morreale, M.D./M.P.H. 
@_subject: Gnupg-users Digest, Vol 115, Issue 11 
Hash: SHA1
Hello Ash,
I just happened to be looking through the GPG USERS message digest and
saw this post.  Excited, I realized I knew the answer!
Welcome to GNU Privacy Guard!
Your secret keys are able to recreate the public key, but not vice-versa.
So if you need to share a public key with someone, export your public
key and share it or put it on biglumber.com or the key server.
Your secret key should always be backed up and never shared... it is
all you need, you don't need to "back-up" your public key (which is
worthless without the secret key to go with it on your computer(s)).
I hope this helps you.
- -Steve
