
@_date: 2004-04-13 19:46:37
@_author: Graham 
@_subject: pgp/mime vs in-line pgp 
Hash: SHA1
It is.  OpenPGP is an official standard (RFC 2440) and OpenPGP doesn't include PGP/MIME, which is a function of the email program you are using and NOT of PGP or GnuPG.
The problem with PGP/MIME comes from the way it has developed.  At first, there were NO standards, and different email programs supported the theory of PGP/MIME differently.  The classic case often quoted is that of the Windows program Eudora.  PGP/MIME created by Eudora in the early days could not be read by other email programs, and both sender and recipient had to use the same version of Eudora to be able to verify or decypt PGP/MIME.  Slowly, a standard developed for PGP/MIME which was RFC2015.  I quote from  which states that:
"RFC 2015 is a Proposed Standard in the IETF, but it is not expected to move forwards because it relies on RFC 1991, which requires the use of RSA key exchange, and requires the use of IDEA encryption, both of which are encumbered by patents. Both of these patents would likely prevent the protocol from moving forwards as an IETF standard."
Many email programs did, however, implement RFC 2015, and there were a number of plugins written for various programs complying with this standard.  Versions of PGP had plugins with them that conformed to RFC2015 (for example PGP 6.5.0ckt).  When implemented, these plugins changed the email program, not PGP or GnuPG, and if you are still using these plugins you are effectively using the email program which conforms to RFC2015.
Now, further work went on and a new standard was proposed, which was RFC 3156, which further details MIME wrapping in OpenPGP.  However, if you are not using an email program which conforms to RFC 3156 (and by using the old PGP 6.5.x plugins, you won't be) then there is no guarantee that email programs which conform to RFC3156 will produce PGP/MIME code that those conforming to RFC2015 alone, can verify or decrypt.
This is where the problem lies.  Inline PGP/GPG messages conform to RFC 2440 and can be verified or decrypted by any PGP/GPG compliant email program (if they support PGP or GPG then they will be compliant), but unless you KNOW which email program and even which version of that email program you recipient will use, its not always possible to send or receive messages by PGP/MIME that will be verified or decrypted properly.  As I want to produce messages that can be verified or decrypted without having to check on the email program that might be used, then I will always use inline PGP.
The situation is more prevalent in the Windows world as many programs are not standards compliant than in the Linux world, where they tend to be standards complant.  Nevertheless, there are still anomalies in Linux, such as Evolution which only generates PGP/MIME which cannot always be decrypted or verified by other email programs.

@_date: 2004-04-13 23:43:26
@_author: Graham 
@_subject: pgp/mime vs in-line pgp 
GPG is not required to support quoted-printable (as in RFC2045), nor PGP/MIME (as in RFC3156): its a function of the MTA to support these.  Some MTAs do support quoted-printable, some don't, just as some MTAs support PGP/MIME and some don't.
Remember you can always use GPG externally from your MTA to sign or encrypt with GPG and paste the result in, if you want to use inline coding.  Its just convenience to use your MTA.  However, if you want to use PGP/MIME or quoted printable you MUST have an MTA that supports these and be sending to a recipient which uses an MTA that supports these to the same standards.
For more details on these and other RFCs look at:

@_date: 2004-04-14 23:39:55
@_author: Graham 
@_subject: pgp/mime vs in-line pgp 
On Wednesday 14 Apr 2004 8:38 am, Adrian 'Dagurashibanipal' von Bidder My apologies.  You are correct (my bad typing)
