
@_date: 2003-10-17 12:24:13
@_author: Hanno Mueller 
@_subject: How to decrypt multiple blocks in one text file 
I'm collecting personal data from a web form. Since I don't want to
store it in cleartext, I use gpg to encrypt each dataset the moment I
receive it and put the encrypted text in a database.
As an example, let's store the three datasets "1,bla,test1"
"2,blubb,test2" and "3,blob,test3" as encrypted text in the database.
So now I have several blocks of encrypted data. However, the result file
after decryption should be a single text file like this:
Since all datasets are to be collected in such a single file, anyway, I
thought it might be possible to decrypt a single text file with many
encrypted blocks like this:
If I feed this file to gpg, it will ask for the passphrase, decrypt the
first block and then complain "WARNING: encrypted message has been
Is there some way gpg will decrypt this to a single file on its own? I
want to avoid using sed/perl/whatever to split the text blocks first.
Thanks & Greetings,

@_date: 2003-10-17 21:31:21
@_author: Hanno Mueller 
@_subject: How to decrypt multiple blocks in one text file 
Neil Williams schrieb:
Yes, there is a need for one single file in my application.
I'm aware of that, but that's not what I am about to do. I am not trying to encrypt username/password combos, but payment order information.
On the web server, the account data is practically "write only". If someone wishes to change his account data, he can enter it again. We never have to show the full account info to the user again and we never have to decrypt it on the web server.
We transfer the collected payment data to a second computer, decrypt it there and then give it to our bank for a bulk payment order. Our bank accepts a special file format that lists account data and money amounts for multiple payments. This is why I am trying to create a single file from multiple encrypted blocks, each representing one payment.
So of course, the account information I wish to collect on the web server must be reasonably protected against decryption if someone cracks the server and gets full access to the database, because otherwise he could abuse our users' account data.
If someone manages to insert false data, our bank will tell us about false or failed payment orders instantly. If this happens, we will contact the user, ask him about it and thus know that his account data has been tampered with. So a breakin as you described can be dealt with and won't produce trouble for our users.
