
@_date: 2016-06-18 13:42:51
@_author: Hauke Westemeier 
@_subject: Old gnupg version by gpg4win is not overwritten 
Hash: SHA1
I just downloaded and installed GnuPG 2.1.13 using the
Windows installer provided at
. Before I had gnupg 2.0.30 installed by the gpg4win-vanilla-2.3.1
The GnuPG 2.1.13 installer told me that there was already a GnuPG
version installed (interestingly it stated the version number as
2.3.1) and I choose that this version should be replaced.
But after the installation the old gnupg version was still there.
I'm not sure but maybe it is because GnuPG 2.1.13 uses C:\Program
Files\GnuPG\bin for the executable but the ones of the gpg4win
installer were placed in C:\Program Files\GnuPG\ (I would consider a
bin subfolder in windows not common).
After uninstalling the gpg4win and reinstalling
gnupg-w32-2.1.13_20160616.exe it works.
As not everybody might check gpg --version it might be worth making
the installer more robust by really checking where the old exe files
are located or (if one does not want to overwrite/remove gnupg
installed by an other installer) print a warning.
Kind regards,

@_date: 2016-06-18 14:46:06
@_author: Hauke Westemeier 
@_subject: Pinetry: window to small + make arrow keys cancel dialog + change 
Hash: SHA1
I'm using gnupg 2.1.13 under Windows 8.1.
The pinetry window does not display the complete text, see here
for a screenshot where you can only see the top pixels of the missing
last text line.
Before I was using the pinetry that came with gnupg 2.0.30 and there I
didn't had this issue (but I'm not sure if the window content was the
Would it be possible to make the arrow keys (left, right,
top, bottom) cancel the pinetry dialog? I use these keys to navigate
through my Thunderbird mails and every time I come across an encrypted
e-mail the pinetry dialog pops up, even if I'm not interested in this
particular e-mail and as Thunderbird is not longer in focus I can not
just navigate to the next mail. Of course I could cash the passphrases
ore disable that Enigmail automatically tries to decrypt the message
or get out of the pinetry dialoge by tab, tab enter... but just
pressing the arrow key again to close the pinetry window and get back
to Thunderbird would really be convenient. As the arrow keys can not
be used in a passphrase I don't see any negative side effects.
By default pinetry quits after the passphrase is entered wrongly 3
times. Is there a way to change this number (by gpg-agent.conf)? I
searched in the manual for "3", "bad" and "wrong" but didn't find
something useful and I don't know how such a parameter could be called.
Kind regards,

@_date: 2016-06-20 21:46:27
@_author: Hauke Westemeier 
@_subject: Pinetry: window to small + make arrow keys cancel dialog + change 
Hash: SHA1
OK, Esc also closes the dialog but it is quite on the opposite side of
the keyboard so I still would prefer to just use an arrow key but of
course I can also live with the current setup.
The main reason for my post was to tell about the too small Pinetry
window and to know if there is an easy way to change the number of
allowed wrong passphrases.

@_date: 2016-06-22 22:09:04
@_author: Hauke Westemeier 
@_subject: Pinetry: window to small + make arrow keys cancel dialog + change 
Hash: SHA1
Yes, I'm. I didn't assume that having a window large enough to show
its complete content is already considered as above the "basic
functionality" (OK, it works, maybe it is still worth to change it as
I assume I'm not the only one just using the gnupg 2.1 installer.
Maybe the difference is due to the extra line telling how often I
entered the passphrase wrongly, this is not there in the gpg4win
Kind regards,

@_date: 2016-05-01 21:54:06
@_author: Hauke Westemeier 
@_subject: Default Settings of honor-keyserver-url ? 
Hash: SHA1
I'm using GnuPG 2.0.30 (installed for Windows 8.1 by Gpg4win 2.3.1).
If I run
gpg2 --no-options --keyserver keys.gnupg.net --refresh-keys
I get
"gpg: fordere Schl?ssel F0D6B1E0 von ldap-Server keyserver.pgp.com an"
which translates to something like
"gpg: request key F0D6B1E0 from ldap-Server keyserver.pgp.com"
All other keys are updated from keyserver.pgp.com as requested but for
key F0D6B1E0  its preferred key server ldap://keyserver.pgp.com is used.
I can use
gpg2 --no-options --keyserver keys.gnupg.net --keyserver-options
no-honor-keyserver-url --refresh-keys
to only use keys.gnupg.net but from the manual
I thought that honor-keyserver-url is disabled by default (for very
good reasons) and I'm therefore surprised that I have to specify
no-honor-keyserver-url explicitly. Can somebody comment on this issue?
Just two more short questions by me:
- - Is there a way (for me or you) to fix the encoding of the gpg output
(the German Umlaute are not properly displayed, for example in
"Schl?ssel", "unver?ndert"...)?
- - Already in 2014 was reported
that the --workdir option is not working in gnupg 2.0 and it still
doesn't work in gnupg 2.0.30. Is there a chance that it will work in
coming 2.0.X versions or do I have to switch to 2.1 (I was told that
it is working there)? Of course I can set the GNUPGHOME system
variable but I found having an command line option more convenient. It
took me quite some time to find out that there was a problem after I
updated from gnupg 1.4, at least an error/warning should be provided
so that others don't run into the same pitfall.
Kind regards,
