
@_date: 2005-06-08 14:05:57
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: cross-OS transparent encryption 
I will caution you that at one time RedHat put in support for the
NTFS file system but for mounting READ ONLY.  Unfortunately too many
idiots mounted their system NTFS partition RW (read and write) and
trashed their Windows Operating system.  For that reason, you will
have to add support for NTFS yourself, but mount it READ ONLY!  Support
for FAT32 is built in.  I would add that in addition to handling the
FAT32 partition, you may want to mount the NTFS partitions, so what I
do is add the letter matching the DRIVE: designation on to /win.
# as root type
mkdir /win
mkdir /win/e	# my FAT32 partition
# This mount line works with FC3.  I used a different set of parameters
# for FC1 and RH9 & Mandrake.
You do not have to use the rw, since that is the default.  I strongly
caution against using async, especially if you have EIDE_32BIT=3 and
LOOKAHEAD=1 like I do.  For me, this means that:
on Linux is the same file as:
on Windows are one and the same file.  Sorry, but I can't help you out
on Debian.  The one I used to use on FC1 also worked on SuSE and
Mandrake, but I think the above should work with just a few minor
ENCRYPTION IS USED BY A TROJAN:
I thought you would all like to hear that a Trojan Horse is now using
encryption to encrypt people's files and hold them for ransom:
Now unlike that judge who found the mere presence of PGP on the person's
machine (I would have loved being a member of the jury to show the judge
just how ignorant he was) as indication of illegal activity, this IS an
illegal use of encryption!  I am amazed they even caught it at all, and
evidently a bat file deleting itself is okay now.

@_date: 2005-05-26 10:28:08
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Feature request: Add date and time to filename of encrypted file 
Nope.  And although I am sending this one to the list, it is for
PRIVATE distribution and discussion only.  I don't think it is of
general interest.  Then again, I could be wrong...it has happened
lots of times before now.
I agree.  You may be better off with underscores between the year,
month, and day, with the month being numerical.  That makes it handy
to feed into sort.  Then again, I have had so many problems with the
REGEXP in sort I have written my own sort utility.  Basically, my
ssort uses a highly modified heap sort that does no REGEXP at all.
Yes, it runs faster than the generic qsort() function.  That is why
I wrote it.  I write C code faster than I can write shell (sh)
They have now finally totally automated the install of GnuPG on
Windows, including writing in the proper registry settings.  In
other words, they are NOT ignoring Window's presence, and GnuPG
integrates very well with Enigmail / Thunderbird, including the
automatic importation of keys on Windows.  In fact the whole
installation is pretty much point and click now.  I do not
consider that to be indicative that the GnuPG camp is ignoring
the Microsoft Windows platform.  I do wish they would NOT auto
generate the keys at install time, since I import mine from the
Linux platform (JUST COPY THEM INTO PLACE).
There isn't a 'Nix DATE equivalent on Windows (something that
you would use inside a Windows Shell Script) unless you install
CygWin, MKS, or similar Unix utilities.  With CygWin you get bash
and the whole enchilada.  The TIME and DATE commands provided by
Microsoft do NO formatting.  If you type them without an argument,
they will prompt you for the argument which is either the date or
the time respectively you want to reset the machine to.  If you
intend to use them and assign them to a variable in Windows Shell
Scripting, it gets really messy.  Trust me on this one - I have
been there and I am not going that way again!  You have to create
a file with an empty line to redirect into the date or time
command to get rid of the nasty query for the set parameter!
Windows Shell Scripting is nothing more than batch, updated badly.
For the life of me, I don't understand how they could do things so
badly.  No wonder David Korn roasted them.  That leaves us with
Windows Script Host, with Microsoft providing JScript (derived
from JavaScript but meant for local, not network use) and VBScript
(derived from Visual Basic).  The DATE object is available in
JScript, but I can find no reference to it in VBScript. I would
like to say it is there, but I don't know whether it is or not.
Every time you execute a JScript or VBScript script (actually
a Windows Script Host script which can mix not only JScript and
VBScript but ActivePython, PerlScript, and Object REXX all in the
same script - well, sort of) in cmd.exe and want to force the run
time execution environment you have to type either:
wscript is the default (the default can easily be changed to
cscript, then back to wscript if desired).  If you just double
click on the script, you get the default.  cscript runs in a
cmd.exe (Command Prompt), whereas wscript is a GUI kind of
like TK/TCL (GTK).  The problem is, it just isn't as simple to
do the date on Windows as it is with the 'Nix date command in
a shell script.  YOU HAVE TO WRITE A WHOLE STINKING SCRIPT JUST
TO DO THE DATE!  Also, there is no such thing as a backquote.
Yep, you have to write the stuff into a file, or go through
a lot of messy crap just to get the string that you want!
Complicating matters even further, I still don't know how to
access the environment variables in either JScript or VBScript.
I am sure you MUST be able to do it. In other words, I am in a
learning process on all of this right now.  It took me MONTHS
to write the gvimc.bat command to delete my _viminfo file, no
matter who I am logged in as. I usually do NOT want to go back
exactly to where ever I was in a given file when I edit it
again.  I also don't want it remembering my searches, etc.
Here is my gvimc.bat file that lets me start clean:
 off
if "%1" == "" goto instruct
if exist "%USERPROFILE%\_viminfo" del "%USERPROFILE%\_viminfo"
gvim %*
goto :EOF
Echo "Usage:  gvimc file1 [file2] [file3] ..."
Try as I might, I still don't know how to access the %USERPROFILE%
from JScript (I prefer it to VBScript because it has more of the
options I use).  I am pretty sure you can, but I have waded through
an entire book and never found it.  Now that you have said this, I
need to move on to another thick book that covers ONLY JScript and
VBScript in more detail.  The thicker book is ignoring Windows Shell
I HAVE NO IDEA HOW IMPORTANT THIS IS TO WINDOWS PEOPLE!  If it is
important, I think Werner, Atom Smasher, and others may want to
reconsider this.  Without input from Windows people (I work on
Linux, OpenBSD, FreeBSD, MS Windows, Sun Solaris, and IBM AIX
in that order in terms of frequency) that work ONLY on Windows,
we are in the dark.  I suspect Werner is right.  It is a non issue
with Windows users since they probably use GnuPG just for signing
and encrypting email.  Now you know why I didn't send it to the
list. This note is NOT of general interest, and the added
functionality requested may not be important.  Then again, maybe
it is.
Henry Hertz Hobbit

@_date: 2005-05-26 10:28:13
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Minnesota court takes dim view of encryption 
Then I must be one terrible criminal! I do LOTS of research into
Porn sites (to block them).  But then again, they are some of the
worst offenders at implanting spies (it is good I do most of my
research from 'nix) which I also work at ferreting out and containing
in one way or another.  The only files that are encrypted on my machine
are the ones I don't want some hacker to get because the AV vendors
failed to discover the Trojan Horse I had for 1-3 months (the one month
before discovery was guaranteed).  Yes, it really happened to me!
Believe it or not, the Trojan was implanted in some Security tools
for Windows - thank goodness I have a waiting period for software I
download from questionable sources before I put them into use.  If
I had ran the programs, there is no telling how much information the
Trojan would have siphoned off.  Given the fact that it was encrypted,
it wouldn't have been very useful to them...
All I use encryption for is to protect my personal data (financial and
other stuff), and signing messages.  The latter is EXTREMELY important.
I have had too many wormers pretending to be somebody else that have
sent me messages that ostensibly came from somebody else.  The FBI
must have sent them.  There is more truth in that phrase than most
people would ever realize.
Anybody know of a good country I can move to?  The Fascist States of
America is getting pretty bad...
For heaven's sake, NO I am not in favor of the activity the person
was engaged in!  But since PGP was not used to hide the evidence and
the idiot didn't even clean out his browser history - what can you
say?  Wouldn't it be interesting to discover that the version of PGP
he was using was over seven years old and had never been used?
Henry Hertz Hobbit

@_date: 2005-10-27 12:38:47
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: invalid packet - ignore errors? 
Well, KG, we just went through this less than a month ago.
Microsoft Windows has some strange things going on when you
start getting huge files, and the behavior is ANYTHING but  standard, and many more programs besides GnuPG have problem handling the huge files.
For starters, you didn't say HOW you encrypted the file in the
first place, but I assume it was like this:
C:\gpg\gpg>gpg -o C:\data.bkf.gpg -c C:\input.bkf
If you didn't do it this way, please let me know (I am just
assuming the name "input.bkf" in the absence of what ever you had).  Because of the problem with large files on Windows, it
should have been done like this using the piping mechanism:
C:\gpg\gpg>gpg -c < C:\input.bkf > C:\data.bkf.gpg
Similarly, your decryption should also pipe both input and   output to gpg as follows:
C:\gpg\gpg>gpg -d < d:\data.bkf.gpg > c:\out.bkf
I imagine they won't post this to the group.  That is why I
Bcc:'d the reply to you.  You should have searched the archives.
It won't handle the problem you will have writing to the DVD.  I
would like to say it is a separate issue, but it isn't.  Large
files can cause a lot of problems on Microsoft Windows.

@_date: 2005-11-01 11:43:46
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Feature request: expand 'clean' to 'clean total' 
I hope I am misunderstanding this.  I think I am.
I have a little bit of a problem with this.  First, I am NOT part of
the WOT and never will be (look at my name and you will see why).
Second, I have precious few public keys on my key ring, and Werner is
one of them.  You should all of those pretty "[User ID not found]"
after all of those sigs.  Thank goodness I am NOT part of the WOT.
If I was (part of the WOT) and cleaned out all of those signatures
on his key, signed it, and uploaded it to one of the keyservers so it
reflected he had another signee, what would happen to the ones that
were cleaned out?  I am sure that most if not all of them are
legitimate signatures.
Like I said, I am pretty sure I am misunderstanding what you are doing.

@_date: 2005-11-01 11:43:52
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Lots of questions 
============================== START ==============================
Rather than quoting what you have, I will just go through what
your points and make comments.  If I don't comment, I leave it
to OTHERS to make the comments or you to hash it out alone.  For
the others, reply to his questions, not my comments (unless I am
totally wrong).
Whew, you asked a lot of questions.
  I   GnuPG specific questions
1. Differences between 1.4.x & 1.9.x - OTHERS
2. symmetric + asymmetric - > total asymmetric
I leave this for OTHERS, but generally speaking, from a
historical perspective, the reason it was encrypted with
symmetric, and only the session key was done assymetrically was
because it would have taken FOREVER to do it with the just
asymmetric.  If you finally are able to do it all with
asymmetric, don't we have a problem that now the algorithms
themselves (and / or bit sizes) are susceptible to attack?  What
I am carefully leading you towards is that the ever increasing
power of CPUs changes the game.  What we can crack today wasn't
even feasible ten years ago.  The game changes as CPU power
3. encrypt & sign - look at the souce code (I may be wrong here)
4. --gnupg totally compliant with OpenPGP / RFC 2440?  OTHERS.
However, according to the man pages, strictly speaking no. For
that you use --openpgp or --rfc2440 which for now are
5. The best random number source (for generating new keys) are
engines that are not purely deterministic.  For now those are
ones that roll your mouse movements, key strokes and other stuff
into the works for generating the numbers.  Most versions of
Linux are good because they do this, but older Unix Systems
(Solaris, AIX, HPUX) can be bad which is why you use the Entropy
Gathering Daemon or some other entropy adding method with them.
6. E, S, CS, & CSA meanings - OTHERS.
7.  4096 bit limit - well first, there are some algorithms that
have hard limits built into them.  Even if they don't, a 4096
bit key right now (29 Oct 2004) is HUGE.  I can remember us
thrashing out being able to use more than 96 bits 15+ years ago
with the NSA.  When you generate a 4096 bit key (and use it), be
prepared for some awfully long times for things to be done.  I
have a 2+ GHz Athlon chip and it still took 4-5 minutes to
generate the keys (I played Mahjongg tiles while it was working
away on it).
8. Diff between 32 bit OS and 64 bit OS in creating keys -
9. --set-notation - see the man page.  Since it seems entirely
clear to me I don't understand what you are missing.  They are
primarily to store key values or other items when signing if
that is what you are after.  If it isn't, be more precise why
you are asking it.  Are you saying that it doesn't work?  I
have never used it so I don't know.
II   OpenPGP specific questions
1.  Why can't you use RSA and ElGamal?  You can.  ElGamal is
primarily used for encryption, NOT signing.  For GnuPG, DSA is
the primary signing method.  RSA has been included since version
1.0.3.  IDEA is not included because there is a patent that will
not expire until 2007.
2.  Is ElGamal the same as Diffie/Hellman?  No, and yes.  It is
not EXACTLY the same.  It is just based on the Diffie-Hellman
key agreement:
        For the rest of it you are now starting to sound like that
professor in Back to School who had just one question in
multiple parts.  I leave it to OTHERS to answer these questions.
I am getting a head ache just looking at all of them.
3.  Why would you use a signing subkey for self-signatures?  I am
afraid I live in a minimalist universe and see no reason, but
OTHERS may have a very good reason.
4.  How are my secondary keys connected to the primary?  Good
queston!  I am waiting for OTHERS to make it intelligible.  In
reality, the UID (I prefer the term KEY ID) and the fingerprint
are bound tightly together and one does not exist in absence of
the other.
5.  I am not quite sure what you are saying here.  Signing a
message is not exactly the same thing as signing somebody else's
key.  You seem to be mixing the two things together.  I like to
think that when you sign somebody else's key, in a sense they
got married.  The signer key and the signee key are now bound
together with a certain level of trust, and it is announced to
the world.  That is what the Web Of Trust (WOT) is all about.
When you sign a message you use that other agreement (the WOT)
to determine how much you can trust the message.  I was debating
on whether or not to write an entire missive on this to the
group.  The ad-hoc rules for the WOT need to be replaced with an
extremely formalized methodology, but before you put the rules
in place you need to hammer out what you are verifying.  OTHERS
- don't reply to my statements here, reply to his original
6.  How are you going to handle things if there is NO default UID?
I think some of the OTHERS need to explain where they are going
here. Even I am getting confused, e.g (portion of --list-keys):
pub   1024D/985A444B 2002-06-03
uid                  Tomasz Kojm uid                  Tomasz Kojm uid                  Tomasz Kojm sub   1280g/08C827F9 2002-06-03
In case you are wondering, he is one of the top developers at
ClamAV.  Now, will the default UID please stand up?  What I am
trying to say is that as it is listed here, there is NO default
UID, just a sequence of them tied to key 985A444, and a sub key
08C827F9. They are all bound together.  In essence, they are a
single entity with ties to other keys based on the signing of
his key.
7.  Of COURSE there is a difference between self-signatures to
UIDs and signatures to other UIDs.  Unless your name is DX, and
you have a split personality where there is the bad DX, the good
DX, and the objective DX, nobody knows you better than yourself.
This is not hypothetical - I really knew somebody like this with
bad DX saying they should rob the bank, good DX saying that was
wrong, and objective DX saying they shouldn't do it because they
would get caught and be put in jail.  All three voices came from
the same physical body, but the sounds of the voices and the
personalities were entirely different!  With that caveat, who
knows you better than yourself?  The signature to your own ID
has the highest level of trust.
8.  What is stored in a UID-signature?  OTHERS.  Go look in the
source code.  Concerning the "it get's worse", if you add a new
UID, in effect your key has changed, just as it has changed if
somebody has signed your key.  I think all of this wasn't
thought out well enough and is too complicated. However let's
ask a semantic question.  Going back to number 6 here
(hypothetical), you knew Tomasz Kojm at school with the email
address .  You signed his key. Then he got
a new address .  Do you still trust him, and
more to the point the new address?  Since he is saying he is the
same guy you knew at school, you fire off a message to his
school address and ask if he has added this new email address to
the key.  He says that he has.  The only thing that has changed
is an extra UID.  Your trust is exactly the same as it was
before, BUT this should be noted by downloading (importing) his
key again and asserting that it is the same entity (in this case
person) by signing it again.  What you are signing are HIS / HER
records (or maybe an organization but the way it is now you seem
to need a PERSON for signing), and if they change, it is your
responsibility to re-sign the changes.
9.  Signatures of other people shouldn't be invalidated unless
you alter your UIDs (add / remove), or add / delete subkeys.
OTHERS may disagree with me.  I could care less how you change
your default ciphers, compression, etc.  I might think you are
foolish doing it if it makes it impossible for you to
communicate with others.  Signing policy is more a function of
the possessor of the key, than of the key itself.
10. OTHERS.  If the encryption engines change to the point that
your secret keys can't be read you have to start over with a new
set of keys.  Interoperability with older PGP software is
legendary in not working.
11.  Options for losing signatures?  I can't think of any
technical reasons.  OTHERS?
12.  When creating more than one encryption subkey ...  There
are as many reasons for this as there are people and their
needs.  For example, do you need the same bit size for emailing
to somebody else a message that you don't care whether it is
broken two weeks later as that document you want to squirrel
away for years and years?  That is just ONE reason for doing it.
Personally, I don't have that type of need.
13.  I don't understand the question.  What do you  mean when
you are asking: "why you would want to create multiple sub keys
and have each and every one of them signed."  I think that is
what you are saying. Look at this example:
pub   1024D/AE053BE0 2004-03-10 [expires: 2014-03-08]
uid                  RADVIS (Per Tunedal Casual) uid                  Info RADVIS uid                  Jobb RADVIS sub   1024D/DB6C057F 2004-03-10 [expires: 2006-03-10]
sub   2048g/983AB16A 2005-02-01 [expires: 2006-04-07]
Are you asking is there a reason for signing sub key  DB6C057F
but not signing 983AB16A?  That doesn't even make sense to me.
Do OTHERS know what he is asking here?  I don't.
III   Algorithm Specific Questions
1.  Asymmetric Algorithms:
Any asymmetric algorithms do not depend solely on GnuPG.  They
need to be part of the OpenPGP standard.  Your PGP cousins will
need to be able to decrypt your messages, and you need to
decrypt there messages.  Nuff said.  And before you dump on PGP,
I can see that businesses really may want to go with PGP over
GnuPG.  It isn't that their staff are dumb.  THEY ARE SWAMPED
and out-sourcing the configuration of encryption may be money
very well spent.  Before the advent of spies and worms, a lot of
people didn't use to believe that encryption had general purpose
use.  Well, it does have general purpose use now.
2.  Symmetric Algorithms:
When it comes to Symmetric algorithms, I would NEVER order them
in terms of preference.  For example you put CAST5 next to the
last in order of preference, yet it is the default for GnuPG.
Is that because you have the idea that using something other
than the default is a good idea, or an inherent dislike of
CAST5?  Personally, I like TWOFISH:
        It is unpatented, the source code is uncopyrighted, and it was
one of the five AES finalists.  I don't have a strong religious
BIAS here.  Now what if TWOFISH isn't in PGP and I communincate
with somebody using PGP?  Back to CAST5...or what ever they can
handle.  But if you are saying what you want to use for your own
personal files, then use the strongest one you think will last
as long as your need for the file you just encrypted.
3.  Hashing Algorithms:
Do not make the assumption that it is just the number of bits
that makes the difference here.  You have to be able to
inter-operate with others using PGP.  Let's say you pick SHA512,
and PGP cousins don't have it (or even somebody using an older
version of GnuPG).  The message will be unreadable by the
recipient.  Be careful what you you pick.  If you get a clear
text message back saying "Duh, what did you say?" you will know
you picked the wrong thing.  In other words, there is a
usability factor here, and you can be sitting there safe and
sound and unable to communicate with others!  What good does
that do?
4.  Compression Algorithms:
Nuts.  I should leave it at that.  Generally speaking, the best
compression to worst is in the order you have given, but I have
seen cases where it doesn't turn out that way.  Files like PDF,
EXE, JPEG and others like them benefit very little from
compression. Why don't we throw in the proprietary Lev-Zimpel
"compress" program from 'nix boxes from years ago?  Now having
said all that drivel, the default to look at the recipient's
key, use their preference, or if they don't have a preference to
use ZIP sounds fine with me.  Almost everybody has ZIP, and it
is NOT a security question (unless you want them to be totally
unable to uncompress it in which case I wonder why you sent the
message to them in the first place).
 IV     How to create my new key the best way?
That is totally up to you.  I do need to add one statement.
bzip2 doesn't have compression levels per-se.  Yeah they are
there, but the faster doesn't make it go all that much faster,
nor does the best make it any better because that is the
default.  I would just take the default unless you want it to go
faster.  And then it doesn't go faster.  But bzip2 is a wonderful
compression algorithm for mainly ASCII text files.

@_date: 2006-12-04 11:18:43
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Two servers...one KeyPair 
I apologize for not addressing this sooner.
I never heard of the option --export-private-key.  I gave the
more complete response of how to do it using --export-secret-keys.
Is --export-private-key part of 2.0 or are just you explaining
the concept?  I have never used 2.0, YET.
I said that if you don't have completely duplicate key-rings,
you should do the export.  Additionally, if you have generated
the keys on GnuPG, but you are using PGP instead of GnuPG on the
other machine you will also want to do an --export-secret-keys
and import it on the other machine EVEN if the key-rings are
duplicates of each other.
I forgot to ask the philosophical question of whether or not
we should be asked the pass-phrase of the secret key to do this.
I suppose not, since you still need to know it to use the key
once you import it some place else. But it feels strange not
to be prompted for your pass-phrase when you are exporting
secret keys.  Even if it doesn't do anything, the asking of
you to confirm that you really want to export your secret key
by asking for the pass-phrase of that key should clue you in
that you are doing something that needs to be done with care
and you should probably securely remove the file that was
created when you no longer need it.

@_date: 2006-12-12 11:57:10
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: gpg writes junk forever when decrypting 
I have tried this with the following combinations (my default
symmetric cipher is TWOFISH).
1. Encrypted symmetrically with TWOFISH, AES192, AES256, DES,
   and BLOWFISH ciphers.
   gpg -a -c --force-mdc --cipher-algo ${CIPHER} \
      < ReadMe.txt > ReadMe.txt.asc
   Twiddled two characters in ReadMe.txt.asc.  Tried to decrypt with:
   gpg -d < ReadMe.txt.asc > ReadMe.txt
   Result: decryption stopped, output file size ZERO.
2. Encrypted and signed asymmetrically to myself with TWOFISH,
   AES, and AES256 used for the symmetric ciphers.
   gpg -a -r hhhobbit at securemecca.net -e -s \
      < ReadMe.txt > ReadMe.txt.asc
   Twiddled two characters in ReadMe.txt.asc.  Tried to decrypt with:
   gpg -d < ReadMe.txt.asc > ReadMe.txt
   Result: decryption stopped, output file size ZERO.
3. On a file that is just a text file I get the following message:
gpg: no valid OpenPGP data found.
gpg: decrypt_message failed: eof
I have tried the use of several more symmetric ciphers and the
result is always the same.  The instant I twiddle just two
characters in the encrypted [ / signed ] file I can't decrypt
and the output file size is ZERO.  The failure given for the
asymmetric encryption is this for one of them:
gpg: CRC error; 2DC30B - 9AAB55
gpg: encrypted_mdc packet with unknown version 255
And the one I get for symmetric encrypion is this for one
of them:
gpg: CRC error; 404350 - 94DB54
gpg: encrypted_mdc packet with unknown version 255
In all cases if it failed, I end up with the output file
being of size ZERO.  I am using 1.4.6 with keys that were
created with 1.4.2 (at least I believe that was what it was).
I suspect you have either a damaged file system or damaged
keys.  But without more particulars I don't know what you are
looking at, because in all cases, I end up with a file size of
ZERO.  That also happens when I delete quite a few characters.

@_date: 2006-12-12 12:33:57
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: GPG question (cipher preference) 
For defaults, do the equivalent of (you may have to add the path
to the gpg.exe executable and use the CMD window, but some of
this may be done in the GUI tools):
[0] gpg --version
    # this will show your choices of check sums and ciphers and
    # keys among other things
[1] gpg --list-keys | more  # snag your key as it comes past or
    redirect output to a file to find it:
[2] gpg --edit-key YOURKEYID
    Command> showpref
    Command> setpref AES AES192 AES256 TWOFISH CAST5 BLOWFISH 3DES \
      SHA256 SHA384 SHA512 SHA1 ZLIB BZIP2 ZIP MDC no-ks-modify
    REM All the stuff in this command is on ONE line with
    REM NO backslash - sorry, my email wrapped it
    Command> expire
    REM give it a reasonable default like 2-3 years
    Command> save
If you just want to change the encryption on the fly to some other
symmetric encryption algorithm you can do that with the "--cipher-algo"
option and specify the one to use.  This should be selectable in what
ever GUI you are using to manage your keys and do symmetric encryption
of your files.  On the other hand you may be able to do it only using
the command line (cmd.exe).  If you do have to do it that way, what I
do is create a %SystemDrive%\bin (usually c:\bin) folder and
copy the gpg*.exe files into that folder and add that to the path.
Just remember to copy the new executables there when you upgrade.
If all you need is to change the defaults, it shouldn't be too painful
since you only need to do it once.  If you want to do a LOT of symmetric
ciphers and your GUI tool won't let you do it easily you may want to
write a script to do it.  I have them on 'nix, the shell is much more
powerful than cmd.exe.  If you write me privately, I can send them to
you but I don't know how much help they would be.

@_date: 2006-12-17 01:37:11
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: secret key (not) available 
Encrypted how, symmetrically, or asymmetrically?
How did you export them?
gpg -a --export YOURKEYID > yourkey.asc
# or
gpg -a --export-secret-keys YOURKEYID > yoursecretkey.asc
The first just exports your public key.  The second exports both
your public and your secret key of the keypair.  The import should
go without a hitch for either one, but their won't be a secret key
if you use the first. If you encrypted only symmetrically it won't
have any effect.
Can you do a:
cd ; cd .gnupg
on machine A?  If you can, then after that do a:
ls -l
You should at least see the following files:
Also do it on machine B.  If they aren't there,
then make sure you specify WHERE they are at (and
find where they are at.  If you have to (disk and
CPU intensive):
find / -name secring.gpg -print 2> /dev/null
Again, can you see the secret keys on machine B, e.g.:
gpg --K
Was this file encrypted with symmetric or asymmetric
Symmetric example:
gpg -a -e -r PERSON at THEIRMAILHOST < INFILE > OUTFILE
The only thing confusing is just what you have, how you are doing
the encryption (symmetric or asymmetric), whether you have any
keys at all (I am assuming you did a gpg --gen-key before the
start of all this), etc.  It IS possible to do a symmetric
encryption without any keys at all (although gpg WILL create an
empty pubring.gpg file).
1. I suspect you are NOT encrypting the first file with
   symmetric encryption, but are doing it with the second file
   (the one you can decrypt on machine A).  Copy the second file
   to machine B and decrypt it.
2. Since the first file is probably being encrypted with asymmetric
   encryption, I suggest you are encrypting it with the public
   key, but don't have the secret key.  The only person that can
   decrypt the file that was encrypted is the one that has the
   secret key that corresponds to the public key that was used.
If when you do a "gpg -K" on both machines and no keys show up,
then you have NO secret keys.  Are you sure you did a
"gpg --gen-key" at the start of all this?  On the other hand,
if you do a gpg --list-keys and the public key you are using
is there, then it is totally understandable that if you are
using asymmetric encryption that you can encrypt the file
but not decrypt it.
Did that help or am *I* missing something?  If I did miss
something then please fill us in.  If you generated the key
pair (public / secret)  it is hignly possible your
~/.gnupg/secring.gpg file has been damaged, which is exactly
what is going through my mind right now.

@_date: 2006-12-17 02:59:38
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Very Newbie Questions 
I don't know what you are using to install GnuPG itself.  Make
sure that you have a copy of iconv.dll (zip that contains it if
doing separately is libiconv-1.9.1.dll.zip) is in your
%SystemDrive%\windows\system32 folder After the install.  I don't
know whether they put the following values in the registry with
what you are using but you can check it after installing GnuPG
with regedit:
%USERNAME% should just be your user name (starting a cmd window should
tell you who you are in the prompt - it is the last folder name unless
you changed where cmd starts up).  The last line and the second from
the last wrapped on me (HomeDir and OptFile). If these entries aren't
in the registry after you install GnuPG, you may want to save this
portion (the stuff between the lines) to a file named YOURNAME.reg,
Just be sure your key folder is Gnu\GnuPG and not just GnuPG. If it
is just GnuPG delete the "\\Gnu" from the two Documents and Settings
lines. Replace %USERNAME% with your real user name.  Then double
click on the file.  I must mention that I think GPG4Win does all of
this for you.  If it does, do NOT move where it puts your key files.
I finally because a fascist and took control of where they were on
my own.
I would encourage you NOT to sign every message since most people
don't have OpenPGP encryption and will wonder what in the world all
those garbled characters are at the end of the file.  It is easy to
select signing when the occasion demands it (the other person uses
OpenPGP).  I LOVE to receive signed messages.  That shows the
message really came from the other person, especially if I got
the public key from them personally.

@_date: 2006-12-17 09:59:46
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Very Newbie Questions 
This line should now be:
  "gpgProgram"="C:\\Program Files\\GNU\\GnuPG\\gpg.exe"
And this line should now PROBABLY be (on Linux right now)
  "MODir"="C:\\Program Files\\GNU\\GnuPG\\Locale"
If it isn't there then it would be in the GNU folder
  ("MODir"="C:\\Program Files\\GNU\\Locale")
but if memory serves me correct it is in the GnuPG folder.
I wouldn't know this because I use the standard English
strings.  I have tons of language support, but the
system setting is (American) English.
And this line should now be:
  "gpgProgram"="C:\\Program Files\\GNU\\GnuPG\\gpg.exe"
Sorry about that.

@_date: 2006-12-18 17:56:01
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Very Newbie Questions 
Please be warned that this is a LONG response.  If you don't
care, please hit the delete button.  I don't see any way of
making it shorter right now. In fact I may be misinterpreted
and that means it isn't long enough.  I think that is what
just happened.
Some of this should probably be in the Developer's forum.
I am loathe to do that because most Windows users are also
their own System Administrators.
First, what if you put your keys on one of the crypto cards, or on
a USB stick?  What value are your automated HKEY_CURRENT_USER keys
now?  I think what I gave them they can easily extrapolate to the
new location without me even saying one word.  Novice Windows users
may have problems - experienced ones will tell me to shut up and go
about doing things without me saying anything more.  That middle
ground was what I was aiming at.
Your install does not handle my needs.  It may now handle all of them
for the user doing the install, but hhhobbit is NOT doing the install
on my machine since hhhobbit is only an ordinary user and is thus
unable to put anything into %WinDir% or %WinDir%\system32 (same for
%ProgramFiles%, because with the Windows DACLs I run, my systems are
pretty tight). The super user on my systems when they are running MS
Windows is somebody else other than me (hhhobbit). NO, YOU MAY NOT KNOW
THEIR NAME!  I use the accounts other than hhhobbit only for
administering the system (primarily making sure the AV is up to date
every time I run Windows).  My hhhobbit user account is what I normally
use and also when encryption is usually required. But there are times
the other accounts also need access to the keys on the key ring
(verifying downloads, etc.).  For these special cases it is nice to
specify where the key files are for ALL of the accounts that use the
same key-ring if you CAN share them among multiple users.  In other
words, you can't completely automate all of this.  What you probably
have is geared around people that run their accounts as the
administrator of the machine. That is NOT how I run my machines. That
is why I am giving what I have to people.  The end user *MUST* take
some of the responsibility.  The best way to do that, IMHO, is to lay
it all out for them and allow them to make their own decisions.  I
believe the DropMyRights program only goes so far. Every time some
other program is messaged into existence by a program that runs with
dropped rights, the other program attains ALL of the privileges of the
logged in user, not the privileges of the program which messaged it
(which is running in diminished capacity because it was started with
DropMyRights). I much prefer to log in as a less privileged user for
most Internet stuff. This IS in accordance with Microsoft policy.
I encourage all other users to do the same thing (NO, you don't have
to adopt my draconian settings - less than an Internet server but not
as loose as most people's machines either).  My machines are closer to
the Internet server than to most people's machines.  It only takes one
system compromise to wise you up as to how loosey-goosey Microsoft out
of the box is.  I have seen hundreds of compromises of Windows machines,
thankfully all on machines I didn't have control over.  I consider that
more a matter of SHEER LUCK than any brilliance on my part.
If you are not the user doing the install of GnuPG AND the install
puts in the HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE settings, you can modify what I have
given by deleting all of the HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE KEYS, keeping all of
the HKEY_CURRENT_USER (all but the first three) and modifying them
for your user name.  You will need them! You will also have to use
YOUR user name.  This is really important since even if the person
that did the install is also the end user, since MS Windows does that
wonderful shift from your account being named hhhobbit to
hhhobbit.MACHNAME. Hopefully it was much shorter than "Gene & Denine's
wonderfull awesome computer", and YES I AM QUOTING THE ACTUAL NAME!
For the love of what ever, let your machine have its OWN SHORT NAME.
This account name shift frequently occurs after some of the update
patches or for some other reason.  When that happens you may want
to alter the HKEY_CURRENT_USER data values again unless you want to
keep your GnuPG keys in the old folder.  If you don't you may want
to enter the new Registry settings. You will also need to change them
if you move your keyring files to a USB stick or a crypto card. I
prefer moving my key files to my new folder (for what ever reason
and that includes moving the keys to a USB stick I can carry around
with me) when the name change happens. I also do NOT trust Microsoft
to get it correct (yes the folder where my keys are at is protected
from access by other users, including all of the other Sys Admins).
That is also why these pluggable cards that have your encrypting
keys on them are such a good idea. Why Microsoft changes the account
name in the first place is a mystery to me.  But the fact Microsoft
does stuff like this is why they have thousands of administrators out
there keeping machines running MS Windows shops going.  WHEN YOU ARE
ON MICROSOFT WINDOWS PROTECT YOUR KEY FILES!  It is best when your
OpenPGP key files  aren't even on the machine unless you are using
it.  A crypto card or a USB stick is wonderful for that.
I wouldn't even make that statement.  The correct place for every
piece of software I have used is for them to usually install their
DLL files IN the the %SystemRoot%\system32 folder.  The only
other real alternative that is rarely taken is for them to put
their DLL file in their own %ProgramFiles% folder. In the
README.iconv.dll file it states: "To install this dll simply copy
the file 'iconv.dll' to a directory where you usually keep the
DLLs."  At least Windows people are spared the Macintosh OS-X,
Sun Solaris, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera, /opt (or what ever)
versus /usr/local argument.  There IS NO OTHER "STANDARD" folder
for DLL files on Windows that is well known other than the
%SystemRoot%\system32 folder.  That is why over 90% of the software
I have installed (Lexmark Scanner / Printer, HP scanner / Printer
with HP ethernet card, Minolta PagePro 1350W printer with access
through Zonet printer server, Office 2003, etc.) puts their DLL
files there.  They MUST put their driver files in the %SystemRoot%
area anyway, and since they may have 10 or more models of their
printers, etc. that use the same DLL, it is natural for them to also
install it in the %SystemRoot%\system32 folder as well. Why have
multiple copies of the same DLL for each piece of their software
especially if it never changes?  It is best to put just one DLL on
the machine. I would wager that over 85% of Windows software does
put their DLL files in the %SystemRoot%\system32 folder rather than
in their own folder in the %ProgramFiles% area.  The piece that is
missing is if what you are installing is actually older than what
ever you currently have for a given DLL file.  I HATE to have older
files replacing newer ones.
Okee-dokee.  If you have more than one software package using that
DLL, it is usually best to just have one copy of that DLL file in the
%SystemRoot%\system32 folder instead of in each %ProgramFiles folder.
Further, I STRONGLY suggest some way of automating (you hinted
you did it) that they have the latest and greatest.  I am saying this
only because almost EVERY piece of Microsoft Windows software does NOT
DO THIS.  I can't count the times that the more current DLL file I have
*intentionally* *installed* has been wiped out by some well meaning
bozo who doesn't think I don't keep the Adobe Reader or several dozen
other programs up to date that almost everybody uses.  If you have a
magical means of making sure iconv.dll is kept thoroughly up to date
FOR GOD'S SAKE PLEASE USE IT!  And put the iconv.dll file that all FSF
(Gnu) software that uses it in the system folder.  The only valid reason
I see for the same DLL having multiple versions is if each piece of
software is tailor made to use only that version of the DLL.  When that
happens - put it in the relevant %ProgramFiles% folder.  PLEASE!  I am
just telling you the best way to do it according to the Microsoft way
of doing things.  I don't make the rules - they do!  Okay, maybe it is
only my take on it but please tell me where I am going wrong. In the
*.exe code I would search first for the relevant file in the relevant
%ProgramFiles% folder, then look for it in %SystemRoot%\system32. Why?
If you are dependant on something that is specific you get it.  If it
is enough to get what every other program uses, then you still get what
you need.  Specific first, generic second is the order of the day.
I also gave the newbie user my advice for what I do for command line use
of gpg (using cmd.exe - ALL OF WHICH IS NON-STANDARD AND WHY I USUALLY
DON'T POST IT - ***ANYWHERE*** - I am finally making an exception):
mkdir %SystemDrive%\bin
cd \progra~1\GNU\GnuPG
copy *.exe %SystemDrive%\bin
REM in all of this both %SystemDrive% and %HomeDrive% are usually
REM "C:".  If you type set you can see all of your environment vars
I also have \util (my own separate compiled utilites) and \Scripts
(for my own scripts *.bat, *.vbs, *.js, etc.) folders.  They were all
meant to be used in cmd.exe.  Now some of this (primarily the bin) may
conflict with CygWin, MinGW, or something else like that.  Since I only
need two or three things though, when I go into Control Panel ->
System -> Advanced -> Environment Variables it is nice to just have
to add those three folders to %PATH%.  The only thing is you have to
remember to copy files every time you upgrade a package.  If Microsoft
would have made it simply "Programs", or even better yet "Progs", I
would be happy to keep adding those paths for command line use until
I arrive at too many and run out of path space.  Don't laugh - it HAS
happened to me more times than I want to count!  That includes both
'NIX and Windows systems!  That is why I have taken to modifying even
SYSTEM files on 'NIX to *SET* the path the way I want it, not to just
add to it. That is also good advice on the perms on files, etc. on 'Nix
when you do install  SET IT!  DO NOT ADD TO THE DEFAULT (which assumes
it is going to be thus and thus). What is needed on MS Windows is a
%SystemDrive%\Extras folder for all of these things, and THAT *IS*
beyond the scope of this News Group.  I do suggest that Microsoft should
do that itself and as soon as possible to avoid this /opt versus
name.  BUT THEY should NOT make the darn thing have a SPACE in it! I
have had to combat that space character in my scripts far longer than
I want to!  Telling me that it will be sdhfjy~1 isn't going to cut it.
I have been bit by that one too.  Sometimes it is ~2 or ~3. The only
way around that accursed space character (which can be avoided with
proper casing despite Windows being case insensitive) is to quote
EVERYTHING.  Sometimes even that becomes very difficult when you do
not know in advance what is going to be tacked on.
*ALL* of this IS in harmony with the GNU / FSF philosophy.  We
empower people to make their *OWN* decisions on what is appropriate
for them.  "Very Newbie" no longer needs my help.  He is smart!
So you are you John - I am just letting you know that what was
provided that works with perhaps over 90% of the users doesn't
work for me and may not work for others.  Now you and they know
why it does not work and WHY I gave the advice I did.  If you don't
like the format, distill it handle almost all of the rest of the
cases. They can promptly ignore my suggestions if they run as an
administrative user all the time(which is what your install probably
handles).  I am just as loathe to run as an Administrative user on
Microsoft Windows when interacting with the Internet as I am on 'nix
machines.  Perhaps I am even more reluctant on MS Windows. Now they
have what is needed to handle they can handle ANY situation.  As an
aging Mathematician (yes I have the degree for the statement) I ask
them only one thing - BE CONSISTENT.  If you aren't consistent it
will kill you.  Sloppy control of any system will kill you.

@_date: 2006-11-02 18:47:33
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Logo contest closed 
I am glad you picked so quickly.  I am also not a judge and I am
glad I am not a judge.  That is because I have narrowed it to
these with very great difficulty.  I still have some concerns with
how hard it would be to make T-Shirts or other memorabilia with
some of them.  Artists also need to know that a reversal of a
black <-> white or color shift should be a possibility for a
logo on dark media (I really do prefer black t-shirts in the
winter - they are warmer).
Submission 6: Thomas Wittek:
By all means the first - classic and elegant, but some concerns
about the key colors on t-shirts, etc.
Submission 14: Christian Javier ALVAREZ de Toledo:
THE FIRST!  But do it with just "Gnu-Privacy-Guard" or with
"Gnu-Privacy-Guard OpenPGP compliant" or even omit that altogether
if that is okay with Arnfinn.  You could also use a lighter blue
in the PG on dark backgrounds like black t-shirts.  This one is not
only easily done in various ways, but the four (that is a dark
brown sliver between the light gold / dark gold) color design is
easy to work with and looks beautiful.
That doesn't mean the others aren't good, but a Logo should be
simple, easily put on various media including t-shirts, etc.
You have five nanoseconds (what the attention span of humans has
been reduced to now) before people don't see it any more.  I would
like to express thanks to all of the submissions and the work the
people did.  Thanks for all of the fine efforts!
Judges, remember that the logo will exist for a long time, so pick
well. I gave what I liked in numerical, not preference order. It
is after all the judges preferences that count.  I just hope I
gave them some helpful pointers.  Consider it like the vote of
one of audience members in a game contest.  You still have to
make the final decision.

@_date: 2006-11-02 23:55:03
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Gnupg-users Digest, Vol 38, Issue 2 
I think you meant (provided for those who use only the mouse:

@_date: 2006-11-02 23:56:29
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Summary: Windows GUI recommendation for USB disk 
I will take more than the copy.  Do you have any more pointers
on wxGlade and wxPerl?  I have some projects that aren't even
affiliated with encryption that would be very useful to have.
Send any pointers on wxPerl to me off-group.  If you want to
support it over 2-3 years (or longer), by all means release it!
7-zip, like most zip programs encryption doesn't even come close
to the level of protection that you are getting with GnuPG.  Even
if you are using the lowest level cipher GnuPG provides, it is a
quantum leap over the zip programs enciphering.  Quoting from
the man page for zip (roughly comparable to 7-zip and probably
uses the exact same code for enciphering):
  (And  where  security  is  truly  important,  use strong
  encryption such as Pretty Good Privacy  instead  of  the
  relatively  weak encryption provided by standard zipfile
  utilities.)
I think this would be a VERY useful tool to have.  Your
first alteration may be the choice of cipher to use and
perhaps a settable default cipher. Most people don't set
their default cipher in gpg.conf.

@_date: 2006-11-03 01:08:41
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Question abut use of --cipher-algo AES & --openpgp 
The --openpgp should not cause any problems for you.
For all of the following, I used the exact same file to encrypt and
the same password and only changed the encipher program. I give the
first six bytes of each file for each cipher method:
3DES:		8C 0D 04  02 03 02
CAST5:		8C 0D 04  03 03 02
BLOWFISH:	8C 0D 04  04 03 02
AES:		8C 0D 04  07 03 02
AES192:		8C 0D 04  08 03 02
AES256:		8C 0D 04  09 03 02
TWOFISH:	8C 0D 04  0A 03 02
It looks like byte four is your key, and 0x07 is what indicates an
AES enciphered file.  But if you are using AES192 it would be 0x08,
and AES256 would be 0x09.  Tell me if I got it wrong people!  The
reason why is rather than the "file" program saying "data", it
could tell from the first three bytes that the file is an OpenPGP
(only GnuPG?) file with a symmetric cipher (the 03 02 in bytes 5-6?),
and the fourth byte can tell us which cipher it is.
I ordered them in ascending order NUMERICALLY, not in choice of
cipher, but they are roughly in order for that as well (with
TWOFISH some where in among those AES ciphers, not necessarily
better than any of them).  Does that do it for you?  I could send
you the program to do it, but it would have to be compiled on
Solaris 8 which is all I have available to me.  This really does
need to be integrated into all of the vendors "file" program on
all of the nixes.
I wouldn't worry too much about AES.  Both PGP and GnuPG and a
lot of other programs will handle it if that is REALLY what you
are asking.  I think it is what you are asking.  I decided to
turn on the fire hose 8^).  Hey, you asked for it and "file"
didn't provide it!  I would use C, but you could use PERL and
do it yourself.

@_date: 2006-11-03 04:14:05
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Question abut use of --cipher-algo AES & --openpgp 
And here is the program to check for the file type.  It is
ARDENTLY hoped that the "file" programmers get all of it squared
away (I may have something wrong)  so this program can disappear.
*	File:		cfile.c
*	Date:		Thu Nov  2 18:50:53 MST 2006
*	Author:		Henry Hertz Hobbit
*	Contact:	hhhobbit at securemecca.com
*	This program checks whether a file is an OpenPGP (GnuPG only?)
*	file that was encrypted with a symmetric cipher, and  shows
*	what cipher was used to encrypt it.
*	If somebody can show me how I am wrong in the header or in any
*	of the byte values for the encryption, please steer me in the
*	appropriate way.  Here was what I found:
*	
*	3DES:           8C 0D 04  02 03 02
*	CAST5:          8C 0D 04  03 03 02
*	BLOWFISH:       8C 0D 04  04 03 02
*	AES:            8C 0D 04  07 03 02
*	AES192:         8C 0D 04  08 03 02
*	AES256:         8C 0D 04  09 03 02
*	TWOFISH:        8C 0D 04  0A 03 02
*	It is Gnu licensed and it is HOPED that the various versions
*	of the file program will incorporate this information into
*	them so that this program will no longer exist.
       MESSAGE_STRING	256
 INBLOCK_SIZE	16
 KNOWN_CIPHERS	12
 FILENAME	argv
char		message[MESSAGE_STRING];
unsigned char	inBlock[INBLOCK_SIZE];
char		cipherName[KNOWN_CIPHERS][12] =
unsigned char	preamble[4] = { 0x8c, 0x0d, 0x04, 0x00 };
unsigned char	lastTwo[4] = { 0x03, 0x02, 0x00, 0x00 };
int main(int argc, char *argv[])
If anybody that has PGP or any other symmetric cipher program
could do the following, I would appreciate it.
1. Create a folder named PGP_SymCiphers
2. Create a file named test.txt with the following line in it:
        Encrypted with = { YOUR Encryption Program Name }
3. backup the file if necessary to baktest.txt
4. Repeatedly encrypt test.txt with every cipher, but change
   the extension to the cipher name, e.g. test.3des for the
   3DES encrypted file.
5. zip the folder and send it to me.
I could care less what a RFC page says - THEY FREQUENTLY LIE!
The acid test is what is actually in the file.

@_date: 2006-11-04 00:45:52
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Summary: Windows GUI recommendation for USB disk 
I already told Ryan that WinZip also has both AES128 and AES256.  I
did a download of it yesterday and found that out for sure.  I also
asked Ryan to do a test to find if WinZip <-> 7-Zip can share their
AES encrypted files.
You are absolutely correct in saying that they are both brick walls.
The weakness is not in the algorithm or even the number of bits you
use.  I primarily use TWOFISH, but it is still that brick wall.  It
just has different colored bricks. The weakness is normally in the
pass-phrase (password).  Trying as hard as I can, I have had nothing
but grief in trying to train people in how to create them and have
finally understood it is going to be "pencil", no matter what for
some people.  That is the limit of their memory and imagination.
Well, even the smart ones will resort to using "joshua"
(case-insensitive of course).  Go look at War-Games if you don't
know where the pass-phrases came from.
I gave Ryan the humorous example of a fellow student who locked
their terminal at school while they went to the restroom.  I told
him I could hack through his screen password.  I did, and changed
it to another one.  I had noticed him looking at the pictures of
nature on the wall and fixating on a green frog.  I hacked in with
only about four attempts, then locked it again with a pass-phrase
indicating the hack.  The strongest encryption in the world is
useless without a GOOD password or pass-phrase.  It may be useless
even then with a keyboard logger. Kevin Mitnick didn't exploit
weaknesses in systems so much as exploiting the weaknesses in
This all kind of begs the question though. I can't even get the
files to another security researcher (Mike Burgess) because the
Symantec AV scanner on Comcast's SMTP server barfs on a PLAIN
zipped file right now.  It attaches my message (with the ZIP
attachment) to a message saying it can't scan the zip file.
It will ALWAYS do that if I encrypt the zip file (whether I use
the salt-cipher or AES) that I zip.  But I can attach a normal
zipped file and use GnuPG (OpenPGP) encryption and it sails
right on through.  I can see my zip attachments that are
bounced in both Thunderbird and Evolution, but Mike can't see
them in Outlook (any pointers Outlook people?).  If the message
doesn't make it the other side and that is what you wanted to
do in the first place the encryption is useless.
Systems depend on EACH AND EVERY ELEMENT that go into their
creation.  Passwords and pass-phrases are what I will attack
every time, not the brute force of something even as lowly as
CAST5 or 3DES.  I GUARANTEE that unless people are trained in
how to create novel passwords and pass-phrases AND *DO* IT, I
WILL probably be successful.  And I only have a normal IQ.
Don't go up against the geniuses like Mitnick, Schneier and
Werner and others.  They will beat you every time.

@_date: 2006-11-07 17:02:55
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Question abut use of --cipher-algo AES & --openpgp 
I am from Missouri today, and I am stubborn mule.  8^)
First, please remember that we are talking about only symmetrically
enciphered files without email etc.  Just encrypting a file on the
computer.  That was what the person was doing, and they were not
using the --armor (-a) option.  You will of course NOT get the
above first six bytes with the armor option since the very first
character is not a valid ASCII text character.
Please specify at least one way (preferable to have two or three)
where this is not the case for a symmetrically enciphered file
that is written to the disk (not piped into email, etc.). I am
not saying that you are wrong.  It is just that I have tried it
quite a few ways and I always come up with the same first six bytes
for any given cipher, including even some where GnuGP gives me
messages like this
$ gpg -d  < TOOMUCH.gpg > BACK   gpg: AES encrypted data
gpg: encrypted with 1 passphrase
gpg: WARNING: message was not integrity protected
$ diff TOOMUCH BACK
$ rm BACK
If it is a file created with a non-GnuPG, but OpenPGP compliant
program, please send me the file and the password.  I don't have
anything but GnuPG.  I will be removing all keys but mine to run
the test with. I will be looking for:
[1] gpg's message of what cipher was used to encrypt the
    file.  It would be preferable to have the file that was
    encrypted with a symmetric cipher to contain only the
    phrase:  Hello World!  If I can't decrypt it, I would
    consider that to mean it is not OpenPGP compliant.
[2] The first six bytes of the file.   I will compare that with
    what is in the chart.
Even if you do have an encrypted file that doesn't use these,
is there anything wrong with the file command returning the
answers given for the first six bytes of the file?  I can't
find any information that they are used for any other kind
of file.
Peter S. May - Thanks for the PERL scripts.

@_date: 2006-11-10 16:13:25
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Question about use of --cipher-algo AES & --openpgp 
It is a worthwhile and at a much higher value than two cents, but I
was NOT thinking of a new program. I was thinking of the magic number
and the "file" command.  Evidently, OpenPGP is totally incompatible
with that and always will be.  At least I can't see a way to make it
fit. If you can, be my guest. It would require enumerating all of the
possibilities and putting in ALL of them, but being careful you don't
clobber something else in the process.
This is now going beyond the scope of the initial request.  It is just
that I have sat there looking at files before with a file command giving
back "data" not knowing what to do.  In one case I was looking at
thousands of unknown files amidst Mechanical Engineering AutoCad files
and not knowing what they were. I removed them, but looking back on
the episode I had no way of knowing what went where anyway.  Those files
also had no extension to give me a clue and the file command just gave
me back "data." I do suggest the following script instead (unless you
like one line PERL statements):
# change the following if you have multiple versions
if test "$ -eq 0
for FILE in $*
Here is the result of running it on some files:
$ ./ciphertype  TOOMUCH.AES192 TOOMUCH.TWOFISH TOOMUCH
gpg: no valid OpenPGP data found.
Either that, or just run gpg with the -list-packets --list-only
and look at all of it.  I suspect the assumption that the encryption
type always showing up on the first line may be a wrong one.
Therefore my advice is to just show all of it.
At least you know where I was heading - magic data in the magic
database for the file command to recognize the files. OpenPGP is
not the first, nor will they be the last to be incompatible.  All
that does is reinforce the notion that you can't just throw the
file name extension out the door and try to depend on the file
command for everything.  In this case the extension is needed. I
would prefer to have both the magic info / "date" command  AND
the file name extension. It also may be nice to have just one
extension for all OpenPGP compliant programs.  If that isn't
possible for what ever reason, people using PGP should not have
problems sending to GnuPG users or vice-versa.  It seems like I
read about somebody having problems with it.  The work-around
seemed to be a change in the config files.  If that is the case,
then the config files should be changed, with a FAQ somewhere
on how to alter older configs for interoperability.  This does
go to the subject in question; well I think it does.
At least now you know where I was headed.  We just didn't make
it ...

@_date: 2006-11-10 16:41:24
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Question about use of --cipher-algo AES & --openpgp 
OOPS!  I meant 'magic info / "file" command AND the file name
extension'.  I AM tired!  I am going to take a nap.
As an example, Ethereal (Wireshark) doesn't put on an extension
when you save in pcap (tcpdump) format on Linux (I think it
should).  But you better put ".trace" on the end of it when you
send the file to somebody who uses MS Windows.  They depend on
the extension.  I didn't pick that one randomly.  That extension
means at least six different things, showing just how important
the magic data and the file command are.  Even the PGP extension
has multiple meanings:
We are lucky with GPG (so far):
There is nothing with extension ".openpgp".

@_date: 2006-11-12 13:16:53
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Question about use of --cipher-algo AES & --openpgp 
I was originally only going to respond to the Peter May out of
group.  The more I think about it, that would be the wrong thing
to do.  If what he has is what everybody can live with (I didn't
see any objections) not only for now but into the forseeable
future we are okay.  If you can't live with it, speak up now and
tell us WHERE we are going wrong!  This discussion if continued
will be going out of group.
First, the file command does read into a --armor encrypted file
and from what is on the very first line,  it KNOWS what it is:
$ file TOOMUCH.asc
TOOMUCH.asc: PGP armored data message
It is when you do NOT use --armor (-a) when file doesn't know what
to do with it.  The file command uses the magic database.  On my
system and most Linux systems it would be here but it will be in
different places on different systems:
$ ls -1 /usr/share/file
magic		# human readable for "file" command
magic.mgc	# binary USED by "file" command
magic.mime	# human readable for KMimeMagic
magic.mime.mgc	# binary USED by KMimeMagic
You don't edit these files directly,  They are created from source.
You will NOT see the magic.mime* files if you don't have KDE. To
know a little about magic, just do:
man magic	# this will tell where the magic files are
man file
You can see that the byte order can be easily handled as LONG as
it doesn't start to conflict with something else. The file command
can't use GPGME (what do you if it isn't there?).  file needs to be
self contained except for its database.  If you look for ELF in
the "magic" file, the very first thing you see is:
# ORCA/EZ assembler:
# This will not identify ORCA/M source files, since those have
# some sort of date code instead of the two zero bytes at 6 and 7
# XXX Conflicts with ELF
file will NEVER identify that kind of a file because of a conflict
with ELF.  Usually, if there are conflicts, the people submitting
the information will drop it if they have far less files.  It isn't
who is first that trumps the others. It is which file is most likely
to be seen when you have collisions that wins out.  Most people don't
even know what an ORCA/EZ assembler file is.
I picked ELF for a reason.  If you look at how ELF does it you
can see how they handle SOME of the conditionals which need to be
handled for various big-endian / little-endian and chip bit sizes
to arrive at the proper string.  That would give you some idea of
how to pick the proper strings for the encryption types.  The only
problem is, ELF ALWAYS starts with the first four bytes "\177ELF".
We don't have that with a PGP encrypted file.  We have multiple
ways of starting, etc.  There is a slight possibility of unrolling
all that into MULTIPLE definitions but not just ONE.  It still looks
to me like what OpenPGP has done is incompatible with the file program.
If you want to look into it further, I suggest we go off-group to
do it, but ONLY if everybody is happy that your analysis is correct
and COMPLETE!  It looks awfully convoluted to me though (not your
analysis - their multiple ways for creating an encrypted file).
The file command never was designed with what OpenPGP has done in
creating their files in mind.  And if they add even more it will
become even more impossible at putting the information into the
magic database that file uses.  So people better make sure they
use the correct filename extension (.gpg or .pgp) when they create
an OpenPGP encrypted file.  That will probably be all we have to
go on to identify what it is.  We will need the OpenPGP programs
to do the rest of the identification.
PS If I didn't know better, I would say they designed the
   various file header formats to be incompatible with the file
   command.

@_date: 2006-11-15 01:57:56
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: how to create a symmetric cipher 
I already sent you some scripts to do it off-group.  I am puzzled about
this though.  If you looked at the mail archives, there is Seahorse for
Gnome users:
I must confess I am baffled by your statements.
1. Creating a key, any key, without a pass-phrase is less safe (I am
   thinking of something like SSH or SSL) than with a pass-phrase.
   If you use the default key with SSH or SSL, all that is necessary
   is to get the key you are using.  Once I can do that I can pretend
   to be you.  But if you have a pass-phrase, even if they steal your
   key, they still need the pass-phrase to pretend to be you.  How is
   that less secure?
2. A key is just a key.  Hypothetically, if gpg didn't complain about
   you not having a key you could hypothetically use gpg to do all
   of the symmetric encryption you want, but even there, a pass-phrase
   (which SHOULD be different than the pass-phrase bound with your key)
   is a good thing, not a bad thing.  If you encrypt a file without a
   pass-phrase, then I can use gpg to decrypt your file and do the same
   thing you did - don't use a passphrase and voila, the file you
   encrypted is decrypted for me without me having to type anything
   other than the decrypt command.
3. Your key is primarily used to sign things and for ASYMMETRIC
   encryption, not symmetric encryption.  By asymmetric encryption
   I mean stuff you send to others in email, using their public key
   to encrypt a message you send to them. Then only they can decrypt
   it using their secret key (which again requires they use their
   pass-phrase).  When you sign a file or a  message you send to
   them, you again must use the pass-phrase bound to your secret
   key when you to achieve the signing.  Would you want me to steal
   your key, sign a message to your boss and send it to him telling
   him that he is a dirty scum-bag?  Without a pass-phrase, that is
   entirely possible.  With a well designed pass-phrase, even if I
   steal your key it makes it very hard if not impossible for me
   to pretend to be you (and get you in hot water).  I can't do it
   without knowing the pass-phrase that must be used with your key.
I am trying to understand how a machine key that is used with something
like SSL used without a password is SAFER than something encrypted WITH
a password.  Every extra thing you can add for verification (and a pass-phrase is one of them), security is enhanced, not downgraded.
PS  Even the NSA has big problems with a symmetric cipher like TWOFISH
    or AES256.  The weakness isn't the algorithm.  The weakness if there
    is one is a BAD or even worse NO encryption PASS-PHRASE.  In fact,
    if you use no pass-phrase with symmetric encryption, you may as well
    not even encrypt the file at all.

@_date: 2006-11-15 03:19:55
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Question about use of --cipher-algo AES & --openpgp 
Good analysis.  We can always submit it to the file people to see if we
get another humourous comment in the magic database.  You will note that
the same problem existed in old versions of PGP.  I suspect that what
was done with RFC 2440 had to do with preserving compatibility with
older versions of PGP.  In other words, you can't blame either GnuPG
nor PGP corporation.  They know better now, but it isn't much help.
You do have better luck with the keys themselves:
$ file pubring.gpg
pubring.gpg: GPG key public ring
$ file secring.gpg
secring.gpg: PGP key security ring
$ file trustdb.gpg
trustdb.gpg: GPG key trust database version 3
$ file tkojm.gpg
tkojm.gpg: GPG key public ring
I think the main message to spread is that people SHOULD use either a
".gpg" extension with GnuPG, and a ".pgp" with PGP when they write out
a symmetrically encrypted file. The "file" command won't tell them
anything.  You have to depend on the encryption software itself to
identify what you have.  You CAN use the "file" command to do partial
identification of a file with that extension to determine whether it
has a key you can add to your keyring - there is no guarantee that it
will be valid.  Only the encryption software will tell you that.

@_date: 2006-11-28 16:51:56
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Two servers..one KeyPair 
I think you meant to say "If the latter" (we probably all deduced
that). What was confusing me was the "create".  You only do the
"create" on ONE of the machines (hereafter referred to as machine
number one).
0. Do a backup of both ~/.gnupg folders first.  If you goof up you
   can always go back to what you have.  If you don't have a .gnupg
   folder on machine two, just copy the backup from the first machine
   to machine two and unpack it (option one).
1. If you are starting from scratch, copy the entire .gnupg folder
   BUT delete the random_seed file in the folder on the machine the
   folder was copied to, to force it to recreate a new random_seed
   file that is different.
2. If you can NOT just copy the folder, e.g., you already have keys
   on machine two that are NOT on machine one where you generated
   the keys, then use the --export-secret-keys on the machine you
   generated the key you want to use on both machines.  You import
   it just like any other key.
   [a] on the machine where the key was created:
        # you will have your OWN key ID and file name
   [b] on machine two that doesn't have the secret key yet. copy
       the sec_bogus.asc (use your own name) file to it and type:
       gpg --import sec_bogus.asc
       # substitute your own name for the secret key file.  Once
       # the transfer has worked, SHRED THIS FILE!
   This is TESTED and works as LONG as you are NOT using SELinux.
3. If you are using SELinux, approach one is HIGHLY recommended.
   If you can't do that search archives for Werner's work-around
   for exporting / importing the secret keys.   It is a hack that
   defeats SELinux from preventing the export of secret keys
   (which is actually a good idea MOST of the time).
YES.  See previous.

@_date: 2006-11-30 17:39:39
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Logo ballot reminder (Andrew Berg) 
Hello Chicago, Omaha, New Orleans.  Sorry, but I have an EMPTY address
book.  It was interesting seeing that phish site suck down my address
book on LINUX!  If I had been thinking faster I would have moved the
MUA folder (directory) some place else, created a new one with hundreds
of bogus addresses and gone to the phish site over and over and over ...
My addresses are safely contained in a GnuPG encrypted file.
I let the cat out of the bag though.  November 30 where?  In Chicago?
In New Orleans? In Pittsburgh?  I strongly suggest which ever time zone
it disappears from last on earth for the cut-off since you didn't
specify which time zone.  Hint:  That is somewhere in the Pacific,
not at Greenwich.  Hey you didn't specify it was to be GMT, er, UTC
time or any other time zone:
No, I don't need an email, and yes I will vote, but not by GMT time.
It is 4:41 PM GMT or 5:41 PM Berlin time, but only 9:41 AM here.
Hey you set yourselves up.  I cite as legal precedent a decision by
one of the judges that was on the circuit court system in the United
States (Etas Unis).  They had a rule that they could not be drinking
while cases were at court (no, not in the court dummy, after work)
unless it was raining.  So he walked outside the inn and the sun was
shining brightly with nary a cloud in sight.  He walked back in and
gave his summation.  They all ordered drinks.  His summation?  It
MUST be raining some place.  They didn't say WHERE it had to be
raining. Who was the judge?  John Marshall.  The precedent is now
set but not binding (court was not in session).  Here is a world
time clock to help you know when we have ALL run out of November:
Henry Hertz Hobbit

@_date: 2006-11-30 19:00:48
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Logo ballot reminder (HHH) 
The "John Marshall" I am speaking of is THIS John Marshall:
Be careful here.  If you are a strictly Shabbat observing Jew and
faithfully observe Shabbat every seventh day, starting from Israel
and slowly travel westward going all the way around the globe and
end your trip back where you started you will be observing Shabbat
one day later than everybody else.  If you go eastward, you will
be observing Shabbat one day earlier than everybody else.  If it
wasn't for that line in the Pacific we would have a LOT of problems.
It does make for some problems as you cross it because you sometimes
have to change what day it is.  If you cross it a lot you begin
to use GMT time ALL the time instead (called Zulu time by some).
The time to close the voting is 1 Dec. 2006, 12:00 GMT (noon).  That
will be 1 Dec. 2006, 07:00 AM at Carnegie Mellon.
I am sitting here and being very "judicious" about looking VERY
carefully at all of the submissions. That means this court IS in
session and since I am judging all of the submissions that makes
me a sitting judge in the performance of his duties.  That means
that this decision can now be cited as a precedent.  Unfortunately,
I am not the Chief Judge, nor do I know if I am in the minority.
If I am in the minority, consider this a dissenting opinion.
"Judge" Henry Hertz Hobbit

@_date: 2006-10-13 03:21:34
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: gpg --gen-key fails 
Okay. That looks okay. Try the following:
$ cd ; cd .gnupg
# if that doesn't work you may have something like SELinux that can
# be causing the problem.  If you make it into .gnupg type:
$ ls -al
# if that works type:
$ touch empty_file
$ ls -al
$ rm -f empty_file
$ chmod 600 *.gpg*
$ chmod 600 random_seed
$ ls -al
$ umask
# if all of that that works (your umask should be 077 or 0077), type:
$ which gpg
# change to the directory (usually either /usr/bin or /usr/local/bin)
# where gpg is at and then type
ls -l gpg*
Here is what I have:
$ ls -l gpg*
-rwsr-xr-x  1 root root 742760 Apr 16 03:45 gpg
-rwsr-xr-x  1 root root  31068 Apr 16 03:46 gpgsplit
-rwsr-xr-x  1 root root 265548 Apr 16 03:45 gpgv
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root root   3374 Apr 16 03:44 gpg-zip
Please, no snickers about it being so old. You get the mode of
the files that way by either sudo'ing it or su'ing to root and
# cd to where the files are at.
chmod 4755 gpg*
If you have gone through all of this with no problems, it is NOT a
file system problem.  What I am doing is isolating away the gpg
and looking at the file system itself.  Even if your default umask
is 027 (0027), you should set it to 077 when working with

@_date: 2006-10-14 08:42:20
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Key problem 
[1] Your command IS wrong.  It should NOT be done this way:
    $ gpg --armor --export .gnupg/secring.gpg > secret-keys.gpg
    It SHOULD be done this way:
    $ cd
    $ umask 077
    $ gpg --export-secret-keys > secret-keys.gpg
    # you don't need --armor for the way I am doing it.
    If this fails or even gives a warning, GO NO FARTHER!  I
    hope your keys had an expiration date if you put them on
    the key servers.  If you didn't set an expiration they will
    be there in limbo forever.  If the second one works, let us
    know and I will give you all of the steps.  It is just that
    Werner and others have tried so hard in cases like these
    to correct the situation and most or all of them failed that
    you will probably have to start over.  By the second one
    working I mean you will get NO warnings at all.
Btw, here is my result of executing your command (YES, MY FILES
WERE BACKED UP BEFORE I DID IT) with a GOOD set of files:
[hhhobbit ~]$ gpg --armor --export .gnupg/secring.gpg \
gpg: WARNING: nothing exported
[hhhobbit ~]$ ls -l secret-keys.gpg
-rw-------  1 hhhobbit hhhobbit 0 Oct 14 00:31 secret-keys.gpg
hhhobbit ~]$ rm -f secret-keys.gpg [hhhobbit ~]$ gpg --export-secret-keys > secret-keys.gpg
[hhhobbit ~]$ ls -l secret-keys.gpg
-rw-------  1 hhhobbit hhhobbit 1857 Oct 14 00:33 secret-keys.gpg
[hhhobbit ~]$ srm secret-keys.gpg
I think what Werner didn't like were the:
"gpg: [don't know]: invalid packet (ctb=20)"
"gpg: key export failed: invalid packet"
Usually that means the kiss of death and you will probably still
get them doing the command the right way.  I may give you the rest
of the steps anyway, so you can do it like an experiment.  I think
you are going to be starting over ...
Henry Hertz Hobbit
PS  BACK UP YOUR KEYS AND GIVE THEM AN EXPIRE DATE!

@_date: 2006-10-14 11:20:08
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Disaster Key Recovery - Unix 
DISASTER RECOVERY 101 (Unix)
SAVING YOUR KEY AND REBUILDING THE DATABASE
If you are having trouble with your gpg commands but can still
see your OWN key (pub, all subs and all uids) contents and can
still send / receive both signed and encrypted email to somebody
else these steps MAY get you back to a sane condition.  THERE IS
NO GUARANTEE IT WILL DO IT THOUGH!  If you can't send or receive
either encrypted or signed messages, you are most likely hosed
and should start over.  You can do the following as an
experiment because you will learn something by doing it.  When I
say trouble, I mean you are getting warning messages like these
(there are more of them) when you execute gpg commands:
gpg: [don't know]: invalid packet (ctb=20)
gpg: key export failed: invalid packet
In all of the following, something after a "$" is a command you
should type.  Something after a " is a comment.  If it is a
"Command> ", that is inside gpg and is also something you should
type.  The instructions assume you are using a bash, a sh, or a
ksh shell.  If you are using csh, switch to one of these other
shells by typing "bash", "ksh" or "sh" before doing Step 2 via
Method Two.  All other instructions should work okay in csh or
[1] EXPORT your secret keys
    $ cd
    $ umask 077
    $ gpg --export-secret-keys > secret-keys.gpg
    $ ls -l secret-keys.gpg
    # you should have SOMETHING in the file.
    $ gpg --list-keys | more
    # write down your pub and sub keyid numbers.
    You must have SOMETHING in the secret-keys.gpg file.  If
    it's size is zero, skip to step 3 and do those commands,
    and then start over.  Just because you have something in
    the file does NOT mean it is going to work.
[2] BACK UP what you have in either of the following two ways
    (or do it another way if you prefer to do it another way):
    Method One:
    -----------
    $ cd
    $ umask 077
    $ tar -c ./.gnupg | gzip -9 > gnupg.tar.gz
    # you get this back with:
    # $ rm -fr .gnupg
    # $ gzip -dc gnupg.tar.gz | tar -xvf -
    # now you know how to go back to what you had.
    Method Two:  (requires bash, sh, or ksh)
    -----------
    $ cd
    $ umask 077
    $ mkdir savgnupg
    $ cd .gnupg
    $ for FILE in pubring* random* secring* trustdb*; do \
    cp -fp ../savgnupg; done
    # To get them back you would type:
    # $ cd ; cd savgnupg
    # $ for FILE in pubring* random* secring* trustdb*; do \
    # cp -fp ../.gnupg; done
    # now you know how to go back to what you had.
[3] REMOVE all of your keys, trust data base and the random
    seed:
    $ cd ; cd .gnupg
    $ rm -f pubring* secring* trustdb* random*
    # do NOT remove your gpg.conf file
[4] CREATE a new temporary (bogus) signing key:
    $ cd
    $ gpg --gen-key
    # Pick either DSA or RSA sign only, real name foobar,
    # and email name of foobar with no comment.
    # give it an expire date of 1 month or less.  Play Mahjongg
    # tiles or do something else as it creates the key.
    $ gpg --list-keys
    # If this doesn't work you will have to reinstall GnuPG
    # or your Operating System!
[5] REIMPORT your previous keys:
    $ gpg --import secret-keys.gpg
    $ gpg --list-keys
    # you should have your previous key and the signing key
    # compare the key numbers with what you wrote down in
    # step number 1. They should match.  If they don't you
    # are through.  Do step 3 and start over.
[7] DELETE the bogus key and your file now:
    $ gpg --list-secret-keys
    # find the key number for foobar after the 1024D/ or
    # 1024R/, for example lets say it is BC072EED.
    $ gpg --delete-secret-keys BC072EED
    Delete this key from the keyring? (y/N) y
    This is a secret key! - really delete? (y/N) y
    $ gpg --list-secret-keys
    # you should now have only your original secret key.  The
    # secret side of foobar should be gone.
    $ gpg --list-keys
    # again, you should see the public side of foobar
    $ gpg --delete-key BC072EED
    pub  1024D/BC072EED 2006-10-14 foobar     Delete this key from the keyring? (y/N) y
    $ gpg --list-keys
    $ gpg --list-secret-keys
    # you should have only your original key.
    # if you are okay do the next step
    $ rm -f secret-keys.gpg
[8] IMPORT somebody ELSE'S key and sign it; Werner's signing
    key for example.
    $ cd $TO_WHERE_WERNERS_PUB_KEY_IS
    $ sha1sum WernerKoch.asc
    c151479c9231455f18bccd09e3423679683a9ba9  WernerKoch.asc
    # It matches what I have off the computer.  Hopefully
    # somebody hasn't taken advantage of the SHA1 weakness.
    $ gpg -a --import WernerKoch.asc
    $ gpg --list-keys
    # some output omitted
    pub   1024D/57548DCD 1998-07-07 [expired: 2005-12-31]
    uid                  Werner Koch (gnupg sig)     pub   1024R/1CE0C630 2006-01-01 [expires: 2008-12-31]
    uid                  Werner Koch (dist sig)     $ gpg --delete-key 57548DCD
    $ gpg --edit-key 1CE0C630
    Command> # SIGN TO THE LEVEL YOU KNOW THIS KEY IS REALLY HIS
    # beats me if it really is his key - others seem to think it
    # is and it verifies GnuPg as valid.
    Command> save
    $ gpg --list-secret-keys
    $ gpg --list-keys
If everything looks okay after step 8, then import somebody's
key that you regularly send encrypted and or signed email to.
Then do the usual tests of both of you sending:
a. Signed email
b. Encrypted email
c. Signed & encrypted email
If all of them work fine both ways, then you are probably okay.
NOW DO STEP 2 AGAIN AND STORE IT IN A SAFE PLACE.  DO IT OFTEN!
BACK UP, BACK UP, BACK UP, BACK UP, BACK UP, BACK UP, BACK UP!
Henry Hertz Hobbit

@_date: 2006-10-14 23:20:27
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Disaster Key Recovery - Unix 
GnuPG - sorry.
I should add that if the person on the other end is using the
Evolution MUA and you are using Thunderbird or some other MUA that
has both PGP-Inline and PGP/MIME to make sure you that you select
PGP/MIME. Evolution does not understand PGP-Inline, and Outlook
and Outlook Express with WinPT don't understand PGP/MIME:
Johannes Schmid's  keys have been resurrected.
Sorry about not remembering that tidbit about Evolution Johannes. Your
keys are fine.  You could probably have done it without creating the
bogus signing key but that is just one extra thing to make sure all is
well.  Case closed.

@_date: 2007-04-17 22:14:00
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Lost passphrase 
I have read what everybody has said on the subject and one
thing needs to be said again.  THE DEFAULT EXPIRE FOR A NEW
KEY NEEDS TO BE FOR TWO YEARS FROM DATE OF KEY CREATION!
If they want to change it after they have used them for a
while and like what they have, then they can extend the
TTL for a greater period of time.
I was going to go into detail on why but rather than doing
that, Thomas, wouldn't you like your first key to eventually
die (even though it looks like it was created less than
four months ago)?  Don't the rest of you want the same?
I DO!
Most of the people that are in this situation will have lost
their pass-phrase and will not have used their keys for 1-2
years. With luck it will be over two years, and the old keys
will have already gracefully expired and died.  It seems like
geniuses (excuse me for not being in that category) would
see this.
For that matter, I think the pressure to shove their keys
on to key-servers immediately just needs to be dropped.
I finally caved in and put my keys on the key-servers even
though my keys are obviously tied to a nom-de-guerre and
therefore are NOT part of the WOT.  BUT THEY HAVE A TTL OF
LESS THAN ONE YEAR NOW!  When they die, they die, and I
will generate a new set of keys, just like Johannes
Ulrich (SANS) and others do.  His time span is a year though.
My new keys will also have a TTL, and it won't be infinity!
Increasing computing power alone have made such things as
DES almost laughable now.  Keys shouldn't be made with the
idea that they can last forever.
I don't blame Thomas.  People make mistakes.  A system that
doesn't take that into account needs to make some changes
to minimize the impact of a mistake.

@_date: 2007-04-21 23:25:21
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: UID changes (was Key Revocation) 
Optionally, later on you can also do a (again, you have to pick
whether to "revuid" or "deluid) (a " indicates a comment):
$ gpg --edit-key 98E6705C
Command> uid
# shows uids so you can pick one.  Sorry, I don't trust order
# to always be right, so I make SURE I get the right one. Use
# the number next to the old UID in the next command.
Command> uid 2
Command> deluid
# you can type "quit" instead of "save" next and no changes
# are made.
Command> save
You may get confused, so when editing a key do a:
Command> ?
To get a list of the commands.  The ones that are
relevant only to UIDs are the first five.  The last
two are relevant to any changes you make to your keys:
save		# changes won't occur unless this is done
quit		# bails out and makes NO changes.
Be sure that if you revoke, you revoke the UID, NOT the key.
"quit" is your friend in case you get confused.  If you "quit"
ALL of the changes are scrapped.  Nothing is actually done
until you "save".
BTW, I would call this UID changes, since you are adding a
new UID (adduid), making it a primary (uid 1, primary - be
sure to do this to make your new email address the primary),
and optionally later on either revoking (revuid) or deleting
(deluid) the old UID.  You are NOT revoking the keys (you have
two - the 1024D/98E6705C DSA key and your sub ElGamal key); you are just modifying the UID list.  It may be
helpful to think of the key numbers themselves as being the
primary entities, and the user IDs as being subservient to
them, but all of them exist together.  You need at least one
UID for the key.  You can have as many UIDs associated with
a key as you need or wish to have (within reason).  I say
that since you may want to purchase your own domain and
email address from a company you think will be there for
quite a while.  1and1.com is selling them for about $20 a
year, and Yahoo is selling them for about $35 a year.  Once
that is done, the musical email addresses can be tamed a
little bit.  You have the additional benefit of a blissfully
short user name (chris at chrispollock.net is available; you
or somebody else already took chrispollock.org).
Once your changes are done, make sure you generate a new
revocation file with a:
$ gpg -a --gen-revoke 98E6705C > rev_cpollock_embarqmail_com.asc
Store it in a safe place.  If you forget your passphrase,
import it later on to revoke your keys to the key-server
if it becomes necessary.  Oh yes, once all of those changes
have been made, BACK up your keys (pubring.gpg, secring.gpg,
trustdb.gpg).  Store that back-up in the same safe place
as your revocation file.  A bank safety deposit box is not
out of line (no kidding).

@_date: 2007-04-25 09:18:05
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Generating and storeing keys on usb pen 
I must preface this with the statement I do not even OWN a USB
pen drive.  That does NOT mean I don't see the advantages of having
Your last paragraph is true but only partially complete. It is easy
to slip that USB pen drive into your pockets or put it some place
else like that to keep it safe. But a lap-top isn't easily stuffed
into pockets. In addition to losing (and it is easier to lose the
USB pen drive than it is to lose a lap-top) which ever, the other
half of the original statement is what you had was stolen. Thieves
usually don't steal USB pen drives; there is almost no market for
stolen USB pen drives. Lap-tops are one of the most stolen items
out there; there is a BIG market for stolen lap-tops.  If your
lap-top gets stolen but you have the USB pen drive, you still have
your keys, safe and sound.
Keeping your keys on a USB pen drive has the additional benefit that
you can use them on multiple machines without having multiple copies
of the keys and the problems inherent with keeping the multiple copies
of your keys in sync. So as long as you make backups of your keys
(and put the backup in a safety deposit box) and keep the working
copy on the USB pen drive, the likelihood of you losing control of
your keys is probably lower.
So your keys were on your lap-top and it got stolen, or they were on
your USB pen drive and it got lost.  Now what do you do?
1. Continue using the existing keys because you planned ahead
   and pulled the copy from your safety deposit box and restored
   them to your new lap-top.
2. Same as number one, but you change your pass-phrase, and you
   upload that to the key servers.  Is this really necessary?
3. Sit there and twiddle your fingers and thumbs because the only
   copy of your keys you had were on that lap-top or USB pen drive
   and that is the only copy you had.  You didn't make a backup.
   You made a revocation file, but you don't have the keys any
   more.  You took the default TTL which is your keys will live
   forever, and you uploaded the keys to the key-servers.  So
   you make a new set of keys.
The thrust is that a USB pen drive is no better than a lap-top.
The FBI of the US has had anywhere from 100 to 1000 lap-tops
that have gone missing (it is hard to pin down actual numbers):
Don't depend on JUST a USB pen-drive.  Do the rest to be
[a] Make a backup of your keys and store the backup in a
    safe place where it is hard to lose it, like in a
    safety deposit box.
[b] Create a revocation file for your keys and also
    store it in a safe place.
[c] Give your keys a expire data rather than assuming
    they will be good forever.  Be sure to have your
    day planner or what ever else you use give warnings
    when the time comes to decide whether to change
    the expiration date of the keys or say goodbye to
    them and create a new set of keys.  Give yourself
    plenty of time; one to two or even three months
    before they expire is good.  This takes on even
    more importance if you upload your keys to a
    key-server.  Sure, you will have problems if
    you just created the keys and uploaded the keys to
    the key servers, but I would much rather live with
    that mistake for 2-3 years, rather than forever.
[d] Encrypt the entire hard disk drive on your lap-top.
    PGP Corporation makes this a part of their product.
    There are also other good Gnu options for doing this.
    Search the archives of this news group for the other
    options.
But David Shaw is correct; you don't buy a lot more
protection by moving your keys from the hard drive to
the USB pen drive if that is all you do.  The keys ARE
encrypted.  You just buy yourself less grief if the
lap-top is stolen or damaged to the point that it can't
be recovered. Those (damage, stolen) are far more likely
to happen to the lap-top than it getting lost.

@_date: 2007-04-27 23:53:32
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Public key contents 
$ pgpdump JamesMoe.asc | more
Old: Public Key Packet(tag 6)(418 bytes)
        Ver 4 - new
        Public key creation time - Sun Aug 25 17:47:30 MDT 2002
        Pub alg - DSA Digital Signature Algorithm(pub 17)
        DSA p(1024 bits) - ...
        DSA q(160 bits) - ...
        DSA g(1024 bits) - ...
        DSA y(1024 bits) - ...
Old: User ID Packet(tag 13)(34 bytes)
        User ID - James M Moe Old: Signature Packet(tag 2)(75 bytes)
        Ver 4 - new
... (SOME OMITTED)
Old: User ID Packet(tag 13)(34 bytes)
        User ID - James M Moe Old: Signature Packet(tag 2)(75 bytes)
        Ver 4 - new
... (SOME MORE OMITTED)
Old: Signature Packet(tag 2)(63 bytes)
        Ver 3 - old
        Hash material(5 bytes):
                Sig type - Subkey Binding Signature(0x18).
                Creation time - Sun Aug 25 17:47:58 MDT 2002
        Key ID - 0xB31C4C922D1FA0AA
        Pub alg - DSA Digital Signature Algorithm(pub 17)
        Hash alg - SHA1(hash 2)
        Hash left 2 bytes - 1e 36
        DSA r(158 bits) - ...
        DSA s(155 bits) - ...
                -> hash(160 bits)
Your key is NOT on my key-ring.  Nuff?  Very little in gpg
version 1 to show this stuff.  If you export your key to
a file, you can just paste the text into the web-site input
panel and he dumps it for you without you having to download
and build pgpdump, e.g.,
$ gpg -a --export 2D1FA0AA > JoeMoe.asc
$ cat JoeMoe.asc
# copy and paste into browser panel at pgpdump.net for
# analysis
Do you REALLY want CAST5 as your preferred symmetric cipher
and IDEA as your second choice?
$ gpg --edit-key 2D1FA0AA
Commmand> setpref AES AES192 AES256 TWOFISH CAST5 3DES \
Command> save
What you put where and the order is YOUR choice.  Only
YOU know what you want.  No, you cannot ask me for
recommendations but if you dump my key you will see
my choices. Ergo, the order I gave here and the omission
of MD5, SHA224, RIPEMD160 hashes and the BLOWFISH cipher
does NOT mean you should exclude them. The line was getting
rather long there and you do NOT put in the "\" ...
There are short-hand notations for them and Laurent Jumet
posted them a little while back (Volume 43, Issue 17 of
the Digest).  So you can pick your poison of long-hand
verus short- hand as well.  Isn't that nice?

@_date: 2007-04-30 11:32:35
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Convert Public Key to Decimal 
Another way is to use what you have (now that we know
what OS you are using);
Start -> [All] Programs -> Accessories -> Calculator
View -> Scientific
Pick Hex radio button
Input hexadecimal number
Pick Dec radio button (it auto converts it)
Sorry, but you will have to toggle back and forth with
the radio buttons, or do as somebody else suggested and
install CygWin (it give a Unix-like environment on Windows).
It just depends on how often you are going to do the

@_date: 2007-08-20 12:29:37
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Compression routines - please include 7-Zip 
F?r die Unterzeichnung danke.  This is amazing for somebody whose
father was run out of nothern Mexico (Me-hico) by Pancho Villa's
I have been using the 7-Zip compression long enough to give Igor
Pavlov the nod he has longed for.  Bzip2 is good. 7-Zip is better.
If you want to know how much better I will I give you the install
for our PAC filter in 7-Zip.  Reply out of group and I will give
you the goods.  It works in both Anglais  (Etas-Unis) and Fran?ais.
It is so blisteringly fast that it is time to give credit where
credit is due.  I had it updating our (my?) PAC filter.  Even with
copying the executable for 7zip.exe on Windows it is so blisteringly
fast I can't believe it.  I am used to the forty years that Microsoft
takes.  When it is done almost instantaneously (the word comes from
Latin to Fran?ais to Anglais) it shocked me!  What I need is more
security for the sig downloads to guarantee that things are okay
(email me for the script that will be available in a few hours).
Tell Richard Stallman to stop toking up long enough so that we can
discuss this and head it in the right direction.  Other than the
fact that 7-Zip does not store the UID/GID it is the best
compression algorithm out there.  It is only marginally better than
BZIP2 but it is infinitely better than ZIP or RAR.  If we can adopt
it as a standard in OpenPGP it may be all that is needed to go to the
next level. Why go half-way when you can go all the way?  The UID/GID
problem has no meaning in email anyway.
What I am begging for is people to make the install of 7-Zip not
optional but mandatory.  In the past month I told somebody to stuff
it because they refused to use it on Windows.  It was the best thing
that happened in my life.  I have a French speaking friend who is
infinitely better than all of my English speaking friends.
Thanks for listening.  I am too tired right now.  I have to take a

@_date: 2007-08-21 00:06:43
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Compression routines - please include 7-Zip 
Settle down.  I am arguing for the inclusion of 7zip IN THE FUTURE!
I am just afraid it is going to get overlooked again yet one more
time.  The fact that 7zip doesn't store the UID:GID is a plus in
my mind.  It allows you to get what ever UID:GID YOU are when you
unzip it.  That is better than some of the strange ownerships I see,
sometimes with the actual install files themselves.  Some people
don't know what "chown -R UID:GID " is yet.
I am not so stupid to not know you can NOT use 7zip now.  It isn't
in the RFC.  What I am arguing for is NOT to forget 7zip exists
when you do the next iteration of the RFC.  Here is why with
a non-trivial real world example comparing all of the zips.  I
have one machine I work on almost all the time. It isn't mine.
My machine is rarely available (I did mention I have been homeless
for several years now and unemployed for over eleven years now,
didn't I?) and since I need the mail in sync I frequently zip it
up on this machine, encrypt it, put it up to my web site and
then pull it down to the other machine to keep the mail in sync
on both machines.
Here are the file size comparisons for the two MUAs:
Evolution File Sizes:
2713325   evolution.tar.7z
2728384   evolution.tar.7z.gpg        [ 1.00555 * 7zip ]
3090190   evolution.tbz               [ 1.14 * 7zip ]
3221545   evolution.tar.gz            [ 1.04 * bzip2 ]   { used -9 }
3340579   evolution.zip               [ 1.04 * gzip ]    { used -9 }
7792640   evolution.tar               [ 2.33 * zip ]
Thunderbird File Sizes:
 4058666   thunderbird.tar.7z         [ BEST ]
 4080803   thunderbird.tar.7z.gpg     [ 1.00545 * 7zip ]
 4528758   thunderbird.tbz            [ 1.16 * 7zip ]
 5044288   thunderbird.tar.gz         [ 1.11 * bzip2 ]   { used -9 }
 5138290   thunderbird.zip            [ 1.02 * gzip ]    { used -9 }
13721600   thunderbird.tar            [ 2.67 * zip ]
Cipher = TWOFISH
Now it doesn't take a genius to know what I am going to use with
restrictive upload speeds - *.tar.7z.gpg or just *.7z.gpg!  You
think I am so crazy that I am not going to encrypt it with file
perms like these?
ftp> dir
-rw-rw-r--   1 3156036  1000006   2728384 evolution.tar.7z.gpg
-rw-rw-r--   1 3156036  1000006   4080803 thunderbird.tar.7z.gpg
I don't know who else is in group 1000006.  I also actually have
the 7zip format on my web site (just replace the tbz with 7z):
(last two are work in progress, second is actually used)
But I face the same problem.  There are all of these moss-backs
that say they can't pull down 7-zip and compile it for their Unix
systems.  It isn't the Unix way! PHOOEY!  You can even pull down
the binary install packages of 7zip (which is NOT the Unix way as
far as I am concerned) for Linux and several other Unix systems if
you don't have a Gnu development system.  In fact, I have to provide
gzip and zip files on the sister hostsfile.org site because that
IIS server isn't set to allow downloads of either 7zip or bzip2
files. So here are the actual links I use instead:
(second is same and still work in progress)
All of this reminds me of the person (a Microsofft MVP) I tried
to get to do the following things.
1. Use GnuPG encryption to get around the 42.zip block at his
   pop mail server that caused all the zip files containing
   the name of bad hosts I was sending to him to be blocked in
   a very strange way. He wouldn't do it. It wasn't the Windows
   way.
2. Use another mail server.  It wasn't the Windows way?
   He is still using the same mail server.
3. Use gzip?  It isn't the Windows way. It doesn't matter that
   WinZip and almost all other zip programs support the gzip
   format.  It just isn't the Windows way!
4. Use 7zip?  It isn't the Windows way.  Besides, one zipped
   up file with just a few dozen bad hosts isn't worth it.
   SHEESH!  That 7zip file contained almost a dozen files and
   hundreds of bad hosts and yes, they were in a folder.
Work with that person is terminated!  But it takes just one
suggestion via an Internet search before I address a hole I
know has been there for some time in what I am working on. It
doesn't matter that it was way down on the 4 dozen things I
had to do and the monitoring of two dozen experimental rules.
Just one person making that statement will make me shift when
I see it is a priority with the people considering what I am
providing (it is *GPL licensed).
WHAT I USE 7ZIP FOR (besides personal use):
I use 7zip to unpack the files with an auto-update and I can
already hear people complaining that because it needs UnixUtils
(CygWin is rather large) and 7-zip, that it ISN'T THE WINDOWS
WAY!  It doesn't matter that it is blisteringly fast.  Phooey
with the Windows way.  I want the way that works that is best.
I will dump my absurd keys with their huge key size if you
promise to at least consider 7zip in the future.
It kind of reminds me of the almost 4,000 hosts that somebody
was blocking that I block with just one rule (I have no
idea how many there are):
BadNetworks[i++] = "216.65.41.185, 255.255.255.254";
askeeves.com, askgevees.com, askjieves.com, circuitcit.com,
circuitecity.com anybody?
But that ISN'T THE WINDOWS WAY!   What I am saying is there IS
a better mouse-trap, and it IS 7zip!  It is ALL I use for my
own personal use any more.  It IS LGPL licensed and it IS THE
GNU WAY.  Pun intended.  Do some tests to convince yourself
that it is the real deal.  And yes, I could have used 7zip's
built-in AES encryption.  I like TWOFISH.  It is just personal
preference.  I may reconsider.

@_date: 2007-02-08 13:37:29
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: New command line language parameter 
Werner Koch said:
Now be patient here for a moment.  All of the following IS related to
running GnuPG on Windows!  To lead it all off, if you are running as
an Administrator user all the time on Windows you are doing the
equivalent of RUNNING AS root ALL THE TIME ON A UNIX SYSTEM!  The
present Windows GnuPG 1.4.X installs assume people do this.  Most
of them probably do run their Windows system this way, but that
doesn't make it the only way, and I believe it is NOT THE RIGHT
WAY! Microsoft isn't helping them do it properly either.
NOW HAVING SAID WHAT I JUST SAID, IF YOU ARE *NOT* A MICROSOFT
WINDOWS USER DELETE THIS MESSAGE AND MOVE ON!  TRUST ME!  You
are wasting your time reading unless you use Microsoft Windows
either ALL or a substantial amount of the time.  You will just
get confused until you understand how Microsoft Windows works.
Even a lot of full-time Microsoft Windows users don't know how
it works.  I should know.  I help them all the time and am
apalled at how little they know about a system they have used
for years.  Some of them I have given up on them EVER understanding
their systems.
Where is the URL on setting these language settings in the HKCU
registry keys?  I am getting ready to put a lot of this stuff up
on web pages.  I already have a ZIP file with SOME of what is
needed in it. I will have a web page or a set of web pages that
will be devoted strictly to GnuPG (1.4.x) on Windows.  I WILL
provide REG files for what some people think in this forum are
strange situations.  I suppose this could be one of them. I
posted an actual REG file in this forum and somebody didn't even
see the REG4 at the top of it and said I should provide the actual
REG file.  I DID provide the actual REG file! All they had to do
was to copy and paste, AND THEN ALTER SOME VARIABLES.  You cannot
use ENVIRONMENT variables in a REG file since they are part of
the registry anyway. But this forum is NOT the right place to do
it. What I posted was partially wrong anyway.
It had the HKLM entries which I will either let the install do, or
provide an HKLM.reg file. What is needed for most people are the
HKCU keys for each Windows user that is running as a restricted
user.  You can fix the code if you want to Werner, but the proper
way for a lot of this stuff on Windows is to put it into the
registry.  Even the ENVIRONMENT variables are stored in, you
guessed it - THE REGISTRY!  They are in the HKLM hive
for the ones in the lower everybody panel and in the HKCU area
for the ones in the uppger panel if you use the Control Panel
method to look at the environment variables.
There are several other things going along with this like the fact that
without using higher order registry editing tools (not regedit) you
can't normally dive into anybody else's HKCU hive.  You normally only
see your own (the one belonging to who you logged in as). Reading and
adding or modifying somebody else's HKCU entries is possible but I
consider that more esoteric than just providing somebody with a REG
file and telling them to modify it. I am looking at writing a program
that will actually create the REG file for them (yes, overkill, but
it saves people from typing mistakes). What is being provided in the
GnuPG install is only suitable for idiots who run as an Administrator,
all the time with only one account on the system and that one is an
Administrator account (you need at least one). They can keep their
account as an Administrator and install the Drop My Rights program
(which I give to everybody because that is usually more than they
can do even if I provide them *.lnk files to paste onto the desktop
and in the Start folders which even then they seem to muck up):
That is unsuitable because likely or not somebody is going to message
the default browser which is running in admin space and can thus
modify the HKLM keys and all the files in the %WinDir% folder and all
sub-folders.  Even if the browser is messaged into running with lower
privileges via DropMyRights.exe, a RealPlayer or Windows Media Player
is messaged into running as the logged in user. Windows dows NOT fork
off the App like Unix systems do. Nevertheless, that is what I used
for years on Administrator accounts for my logon type administrator
accounts.  There IS a better Windows way of doing it - the LUA method.
I recommend this way of doing it in home situations:
That is a MUCH better way of doing it in home or other situations
where you control access to the computer.  You are now protecting
your HKLM keys and your %WinDir% folder.  That is the reason I was
arguing for putting the iconv.dll file over in the %WinDir% folder.
Now you CAN do an attrib +s on the file where it is at but I have
no guarantees that will keep it safe.  You should do an attrib +s
on all your files in the %ProgramFiles% area anyway, unless you
don't consider GnuPG a security product.  I just happen to believe
it is a security product.  But it is only ONE piece of securing
Windows systems.
One of the things that has occurred to me is to ask the question
"can I make GnuPG say a signed message is okay whether it is or
not?"  By that I mean, can I by changing just the message strings
of GnuPG make all signed messages show up as okay?  If you don't
think that if GnuPG takes off like mad on Windows and that you
don't have that situation covered that it won't happen, you better
think again.  I spend a LOT of time finding out how people subvert
Windows systems.  That is because it is done so much.  That is
probably more of a flame against Windows users who run their
systems in a stupid manner than a slam against Microsoft, although
Microsoft doesn't help very much.  They need to look very seriously
at making it possible for users to login as restricted users and
still have anti-virus programs do their updating, firewalls to
lock the network connections when they walk away, etc.  That is
OUTSIDE THE SCOPE OF THIS NEWSGROUP.  Doing a proper install of
GnuPG on Windows IS a part of this newsgroup.
If any of you have information of running GnuPG in a Windows
environment with some other way of doing it other than as always
one user with an Administrator account ship it to me.  And do NOT
ask me to install CygWin.  If I want to run a Nix I shift to
running Fedora Core Linux which I use over 85% of the time.
That does NOT mean I am not a very knowledgeable Windows user.
I am VERY good at understanding it.
On the other hand if you want to flame me and say I am stupid,
or that I need lessons in writing, or that all I am doing is
spamming like a University Computer Science Professor recently
said I was doing (I believe he was the department chair), then
HIT THE DELETE BUTTON instead.  But please stop being arrogant
unless you really know more about Windows than I do. If you
have information for setting up GnuPG for WINDOWS users that
run their systems as safely as possible (GnuPG is only one
piece of that puzzle), then send it to me. But do it out of
group please.  I don't think it is of much general interest.
and paste the the URL in it, mostly OUT of newsgroup in
private email messages.

@_date: 2007-07-18 12:41:01
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: gpg2 for windows? 
Nevertheless, use it.  It is what they are standardizing on and
you can pick and choose what you want.  I have no problems with
them doing it this way either.  Now that they have done it you
can go to GnuPG2 on Windows.  That makes me a happy camper!  Or
you can stay with 1.4.X.  It is your choice.  I think you are
demanding too much of the GnuPG team (no, I don't have anything
to do with the effort).  But until you really look at the
gpg4win package you don't know what you are missing.
All ears 8^).
I would say it a little differently than that Werner.  bzip2 is NOT part
of Windows.  It sounds to me like you are asking for the world.  Which
ZIP add on program do you want the GnuPG team to standardize on?  On
the 'nix systems they just call bzip2 natively via pipes.  On Windows
that becomes a problem with anything other than ZIP, because everything
else is an add-on.  In other words, yes they could demand that you use
In that case, they may be able to handle it, but ONLY if Windows were
as polite as the 'nix machines are in piping (you sometimes run into
problems).  But people will use WinZip or a dozen other utilities
instead, or nothing at all.  That means that the GnuPG team are
responsible for bzipping on their own.  Does that help you
to understand some of the problems?  That is why for a long time
I listed bzip2 as the last resort, and ZIP first.  But the way
Windows implemented the ZIP was to transparently allow users to
see into a ZIP file, thus infecting people's computers.
In short, to Werner and the others - THANKS FOR GPG2 on MS WINDOWS!

@_date: 2007-07-18 13:16:48
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: gpg2 for windows? 
Or they use the libraries.  Either way, it is there natively on 'nix
systems.  What I am trying to tell you is that bzip2 is NOT there
natively on Windows.  Oh yes, the 7-Zip produces a substantial more
amount of compression than bzip2.
$ 7z a OutBox.7z ./OutBox $ tar -cjf OutBox.tbz ./OutBox
$ chmod 644 OutBox.7z $ ls -l OutBox.*
-rw-r--r--  1 hhhobbit hhhobbit 6916234 Jul 18 13:10 OutBox.7z
-rw-r--r--  1 hhhobbit hhhobbit 9947335 Jul 18 13:11 OutBox.tbz
Need I say more?  I have shifted to 7-zip when I can. It is too
bad they didn't add enough information for UID:GID in 7-zip.  The
way around it is to tar first and pipe that to 7z. That isn't bad
for an algorithm that was created on Windows.  Keep that in mind
But be sympathetic to the GnuPG team (all of them).  They are
working their little hearts for us and I for one MUST say ...
THANK YOU!

@_date: 2007-07-30 13:42:13
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Windows / Linux encoding issues 
============================== START ==============================
Find somebody who has Windows system similar to what you had that
will let you use it, install GnuPG on it and import your keys on
to it.  If your keys work there (do a simple test with a file or
something), then change the password on your keys on that platform
to something much simpler with just ASCII characters (subset of
ISO-859-1).  I haven't used WinPT for a long while so if you can't
change the passwd in WinPT you will have to do a gpg --edit-key
and then passwd in a cmd.exe. BTW, I just COPY the pubring.gpg,
secring.gpg, and trustdb.gpg files as long as the chip is the
same, e.g., 32 bit Wintel -> 32 bit Wintel. It doesn't matter what
the OS is. I don't know how you backed up your keys though.
Did Windows-1252 precede ISO-859-1 like MacRoman?  I have a feeling
it did which of course doesn't help you.
Do you want to throw in EBCDIC to make matters worse?  Hope that
helps, but ...

@_date: 2007-06-04 18:59:24
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: gpg and cron 
I am sorry I didn't see this earlier.  I would have answered it
individually.  cron frequently gives your shell script a very
abbreviated PATH since almost nothing is sourced.  In fact it is
so abbreviated that on some systems it is only /bin and /usr/bin.
It varies depending on the system you are on and which shell you
are using. First try a testgpgpath.sh script via cron:
export HISTSIZE
rm -f /tmp/cron.log
touch /tmp/cron.kog
echo default cron PATH is >> /tmp/cron.log 2>&1
echo $PATH >>  /tmp/cron.log 2>&1
echo >> /tmp/cron.log 2>&1
# just make sure the gpg version you are using is in the PATH first
PATH=/usr/local/bin:${PATH}:/usr/local/sbin ; export PATH
echo enhanced cron PATH is >> /tmp/cron.log 2>&1
echo $PATH >>  /tmp/cron.log 2>&1
echo >> /tmp/cron.log 2>&1
echo GPG version >> /tmp/cron.log 2>&1
gpg --version >> /tmp/cron.log 2>&1
export HISTSIZE
The BASH you have may or may not do the history in the way I
mentioned but you probably don't want a history of the encryption
taking place even if you are encrypting to secret key and thus
don't need a password (the history MAY not be advisable, but the
password NOT being in the script IS advisable).
You can get a good idea of what to put where with a:
$ echo $PATH
Rather than adding as I did above, I SET the path in the script
so I know exactly what I have.  I also frequently specify the
path of the shell (in case you forget to give the file the
proper perms):
30 * * * * /bin/sh < /backup/encrypt.sh > /tmp/ab.log 2>&1
I don't know what the "root" is doing there.  If you want it to be
run by root, then login as root and do a "crontab -e" to enter the
information (be sure to set EDITOR to the editor of your choice).
Are you sure you want this done every 30 minutes? It seems like
something you would want done every 24 hours, and if that was done
at 3:30 every morning the line would be:
30 3 * * * /bin/sh < /backup/encrypt.sh > /tmp/ab.log 2>&1
0,15,30,45 * * * * /bin/sh < /backup/testgpgpath.sh > \
Don't forget to remove the testgpgpath.  The other thing is that
root usually doesn't have keys, but just copying the ones you
want to /root/.gnupg makes that possible.

@_date: 2007-06-06 09:20:48
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: initial GnuPG install?  
Hash: SHA512
Yes, in which case nothing got installed. BUT type the following
in case you have both 2003 Server installed first and XP second
(or some other dual Microsoft OS arrangement) on the same machine:
C:\> set
Search for your %SystemDrive% variable in XP and make sure it is
C:, since in the scenario I just gave, your %SystemDrive% for the
XP OS will be E: (one CD/DVD drive) or F: (two CD/DVD drives).
A good installer actually uses the %ProgramFiles% environment
variable to do a proper install.  Don't feel bad if that is what
you did - I do it frequently myself.  You get used to C: be the
%SystemDrive%.  Another way you can end up with there not being
a C: %SystemDrive% is a reinstall of an OS.
The other thing is that after you made the change to the %Path%
environment variable, did you close the Command Prompt and open
a new one up?  The change doesn't take affect until you do that
on XP or 2003 Server.  With W2K you actually have to log out and
log back in to get the new path.  The output of the "set" command
should reflect the addition in the %Path% list.

@_date: 2007-06-06 19:57:44
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: setting expiration dates 
Hash: SHA512
I think PGP Global Directory is complaining that the pub key
your sub key is attached to is expired. If it is working by allowing
people to encrypt to you, maybe these are those new changes WK said
have been made. Here is the key I got from PGP Global Directory for
your KEYID after I imported it:
pub   2048R/CD5518C7 2005-02-17
uid       Joseph Oreste Bruni uid       Joseph Oreste Bruni uid       Joseph Oreste Bruni uid       Joseph Oreste Bruni uid       [jpeg image of size 1173]
sub   2048R/EEA4EC97 2007-01-31 [expires: 2008-01-31]
Well, the email addresses were changed by moe, but you get the
idea.  Your pub key IS expired!  Assuming you still have the same
email address you used when you gave them (PGP) the key, you can
just have them remove your key with the following page:
PGP Global Directory doesn't work like the other key servers by
giving you the ability to delete your keys (breaks WOT, but ...).
Having just said the foregoing, here is how your key came down
from pgp.mit.edu (HKP):
pub   2048R/CD5518C7 2005-02-17
uid       Joseph Oreste Bruni uid       Joseph Oreste Bruni uid       Joseph Oreste Bruni uid       Joseph Oreste Bruni uid       [jpeg image of size 1173]
Hmm, where is the sub key? And here is how it comes down from
the Penguin (X-HKP) in Germany:
pub   2048R/CD5518C7 2005-02-17
uid       Joseph Oreste Bruni uid       Joseph Oreste Bruni uid       Joseph Oreste Bruni uid       Joseph Oreste Bruni uid       [jpeg image of size 1173]
sub   2048R/EEA4EC97 2007-01-31 [expires: 2008-01-01]
Please do the following as a test for me with the key you
have now (a # indicates a comment):
$ gpg --edit-key CD5518C7
Command> expire
# change the expire date of your pub key to match your
# sub key or at least so it is NOT expired
$ gpg --keyserver hkp://pgp.mit.edu --send-keys CD5518C7
$ gpg --keyserver x-hkp://random.sks.keyserver.penguin.de \
  --send-keys CD5518C7
If desired, after you have deleted your key from the PGP
Global Directory, you can also submit it to them again. Let
me know if you do any of this and I will do the tests again.
Next time I will be FAR shorter in my reply (will just show
any changes from what I have here depending on what you have
You will have to ask the others if having a pub key that is
expired on the key servers is a good idea or even if it is
possible - I don't think it is possible but don't know for
sure.  I was able to sign your key but have NO idea what that
means.  What good does it do to sign an expired key?  My
OPINION is to either say goodbye to the pub key and all the
sub-keys, or keep them ALL freshened up on their expire
date so people know that the key is still good. I normally
interpret a pub key that is expired as having an implicit
meaning that it is no longer used and the person has replaced
that key with a newer key.  So if I intend to keep using a key,
I change the expire dates for the pub key and all sub-keys at
least one month before any of them expire for the desired period
I want to keep them - lots of options to consider, like revoking
your present sub-key and adding a new sub-key, when the expire
date for each key is, etc.  Then I upload my pub key to at least
two keyservers again if if was on the keyservers.
No reply from you means you don't want me to do the tests
and didn't make any changes. If you do the changes, let me
know when you have done it with a Bcc: to me.  I only read
the Digest. Sometimes it goes days before I get a new
bundle of messages.  Sometimes I don't seem to get them at
all, but maybe they fell through the cracks.

@_date: 2007-06-13 14:02:14
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Revoke and expire 
How do you unrevoke a key, especially if it is on the keyservers?
I can think of making a backup of the key, revoking it and then
sending the revocation to the keyservers, then unpacking the non-
revoked folder, extending the date, and squirreling that away in
some safe deposit box just in case I need it some time in the future.
Once you are pretty sure you will never need it again you can destroy
the backup.  But that means it is only unrevoked for myself. Was
that what you meant?
But more to the point, what would most people prefer for somebody
else to do when they no longer intend to use a key, especially if
it is on the keyservers - allow it to expire or revoke it with
some message like "key deprecated"?  This is more along the line
of human usability and preferences, not technical.  I am assuming
from what has been said that most people want the key revoked,
rather than just allowing it to elapse and expire like Johannes
Ullrich does. Any opinions?

@_date: 2007-06-19 21:14:49
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: RSA 4096 ridiculous? (was RSA 1024 ridiculous) 
Let's put some actual sizes and times on this in a real world
situation.  BTW, I am in total agreement that 1024 bit keys will
be useful for at least a few more years whether they are DSA or
RSA.  It is more likely a crack will come from bad pass-phrases
or key loggers stealing good pass-phrases and stolen secret keys
than from shorter key sizes.
Responding most specifically to Andrew's objections, what is wrong
with 4096 bit RSA keys?  If they are so awful, then why does GnuPG
allow us to generate them? The default for RSA keys in both GnuPG
and PGP is 2048 bits anyway.  I created a temporary 4096 bit RSA
key and compared it to my present 1024 bit DSA key for detached
signing of moderately sized files which in addition to signed
email messages is all I need it for anyway. I have no need to sign
huge files.  On other hand, I occasionally need to encrypt huge
files, and even though I use something like TWOFISH or AES-256 for
the symmetric cipher, it takes me less time to encrypt the file
than it took me to tar it. It also takes me much less time to
encrypt the tarred file than it takes to do the final bzip2 of the
encrypted file.  But the real killer is the uploading of my file
to an Internet file storage server. That seems to take forever!
Download speed is significantly faster. But other than the slightly
longer time it took to create the RSA key, I didn't notice it took
any longer to sign the files and here are the actual sizes. I copied
the *.sig files to the extension names indicating which key was used
to sign it, but cp'd that to  $FILENAME.sig for the verifications:
109238  hosts.min
    65  hosts.min.1024D
   536  hosts.min.4096R
535610  hosts
    65  hosts.1024D
   536  hosts.4096R
 35435  proxy.txt
    65  proxy.txt.1024D
   536  proxy.txt.4096R
Here are the preferences on that RSA key:
Command> showpref
[ultimate] (1). Bogus User      Cipher: TWOFISH, AES256, AES192, AES, CAST5, 3DES
     Digest: SHA512, SHA384, SHA256, SHA1
     Compression: ZLIB, BZIP2, ZIP, Uncompressed
     Features: MDC, Keyserver no-modify
It took me infinitely longer to type the pass-phrase for the signing
than it took to actually create the sigs which seemed to be almost
instantaneous. Timing the signing is sort of ridiculous unless I used
keys without pass-phrases.  Here is the difference in the times of
verifying the file with both sigs (and I don't have a super fast
machine - the CPU is over three years old):
# 1024 BIT DSA KEY
$ time gpg --verify hosts.sig
gpg: Good signature from "Henry Hertz Hobbit "
real    0m0.041s
user    0m0.037s
sys     0m0.003s
$ time gpg --verify proxy.txt.sig
gpg: Good signature from "Henry Hertz Hobbit "
real    0m0.012s
user    0m0.008s
sys     0m0.004s
# 4096 BIT RSA KEY
$ time gpg --verify hosts.sig
gpg: Good signature from "Bogus User "
real    0m0.042s
user    0m0.036s
sys     0m0.003s
$ time gpg --verify proxy.txt.sig
gpg: Good signature from "Bogus User "
real    0m0.014s
user    0m0.007s
sys     0m0.006s
the same for both keys and in this case it is almost instantaneous.
The shortest file used in these test is longer than most email
messages unless you have lots of attachments. Although the signature
file is bigger for the 4096 bit RSA key (~ 8.25 times the size of
the 1024 bit DSA key) it is constant in size and 536 bytes isn't
unreasonable even if the message is only a few lines.  After all,
it verified the message, didn't it?  536 bytes to do that is a
small price to pay.  It is nice to do it with less, but that
size becomes more reasonable the bigger the message or file
So the only relevant question as I see it is, can the Crypto Card
and other users handle my 4096 bit RSA sigs?  If they can't then
I will have some problems, won't I?  Correct me if I am wrong, but I
don't think I will have any problems with Crypto Card users in
using my SIGS. Interoperability is the key to usability here. You
people can tinker-toy with bigger key sizes than 4096, but I am
NOT going to modify the code to accommodate you.  The reason why
is I assume the people writing the code have picked those limits
for legitimate reasons.  I may be wrong on that but I am not going
to second guess them. In this case though, it doesn't appear the
limits were set because of inordinately larger times.  Less than
a tenth of second?  Whoop-de-doo!  Since they have given me the
option of using 4096 bit RSA keys, unless it poses usability
problems for other people, why can't I use them?  More to the
point, why shouldn't I use them?  Maybe it will allow me to keep
the keys just that little bit longer (assuming nobody compromises

@_date: 2007-06-20 09:28:26
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: RSA 4096 ridiculous? (was RSA 1024 ridiculous) 
What I was trying to do was bring a real world perspective to
this question. Are you using PGP 8?  Do you know anybody who
is using PGP 8?
(personally, I think they should close the web pages down,
 I get all the history I need on the History channel on TV)
Since PGP 8 was released in December 2002 and nothing has been
done with it for 4-1/2 years now, it is getting pretty long in
tooth.  PGP Corporation is up to at least PGP 10.x the last time
I checked (last year).  I would advise people using software that
is that old (PGP 8) to update to newer stuff. Whether they drag
the keys they created with PGP 8 along with them is up to them.
I haven't had any problems with building GnuPG 1.4.x for either
FreeBSD or OpenBSD. It of course works with all versions of
Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows. I won't discuss the GnuPG 2.0.X
line since it hasn't been built for Windows yet.  Most of the
people using my SIGS to verify that what I have provided is
kosher will be using Microsoft Windows. They will outnumber
Linux users by a factor of at least 4:1.  They will also take
the GnuPG defaults (with a key that lasts forever - how
optimistic). There will be a smattering of Mac and other OS
users.  But they will *ALL* be working from a desktop system.
They may have a PDA, but that is a secondary platform for them.
Werner cautioned that a key size this large (4096R) causes
severe problems with PDAs with limited CPU power and a large
number of signatures on each key. I have absolutely no reason
to doubt his statements and accept them as true.  I don't see
my keys being used with either of those constraints.  What I
am providing is for end user desktop systems and I cannot
foresee these keys which will be part of the WOT as having more
than just a few sigs. Most of the people using what I am
providing have even more powerful machines than I have. You see,
I gave you the actual stuff that is going to be signed - a
blocking hosts file and PAC filter that blocks broad swaths of
the Internet. I am still working on the Ad filtering stuff.
Most web sites that can detect AdBlock Plus in Firefox still
can't detect the presence of a PAC filter. These keys are NOT
the keys that are used with this email account (still 1024 bit
DSA for at least a year and I see no valid reason to change
it - it works well).
Caution and experience teaches me that you never know for
sure how something will end up being used.  Just because it
is technically feasible to use a 4096 bit RSA key doesn't
mean it is the optimal choice.  Each person's choice has to
be tailored to how they and *OTHERS* will use that key. Keep
the *OTHERS* in mind when you make your choices. We have
already established that 1024 bit RSA keys still have a few years
of TECHNICAL life left in them (which should also hold true for
DSA keys as well).  But CPUs just keep getting faster (even on
PDAs - where did the Hobbit chip go?), and I don't foresee anybody
using my keys on a PDA.  If they do, at least they won't have a
lot of sigs on that particular key.  I worked on the nascent PDAs
with the PenPoint OS. The hand writing recognition I worked on
was infinitely superior to what exists now if you ask me. But
for the life of me I can't understand somebody using these keys
on that limited of a platform.  If they do, it will only be for
one or two questions to me and answers from me and after that
they will just delete my key on their PDA.  That has been my
experience up to now and I see no reason for it to change. In
other words, I don't foresee anybody other than desktop platform
users who will be using this key (it does NOT replace my present
key). But that sig will be infinitely better than a check sum
that anybody can change. At this point I am still leaning toward
the maximum which may be seen as a minimum eight years from now.
I am always looking toward the future.  I also want something
that people can't even question from a technical perspective.
Keep that last statement in mind. If I have to, I will remove
keys entirely (secure remove written by myself) for tricky
operations with bad hosts on the Internet And don't think for
one minute that Linux systems are secure from all Internet
attacks - THEY ARE NOT SECURE FROM ALL OF THEM!  That holds
for Mac OS-X and *BSD as well.

@_date: 2007-06-21 17:52:26
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: If the message is encrypted symmetrically 
Everything is fine with what you said until you say this. In real
practice what Thunderbird and Evolution (I can't speak for the
other email programs) do is generate a separate symmetric encryption
for each user.  Without looking at the source code (which I have
NOT done for this particular situation) you can't tell whether each
user gets a separate random symmetric session key or whether all
users share the same random symmetric session key.  Knowing the
paranoia of encryption coders, I suspect that each user gets their
own randomly created symmetric session key.  It also doesn't make
much sense if you use the same random session key for every user.
If you do that, why not just have one copy of the symmetric
encryption? Without looking at the code though, I don't know that
for certain.  I suspect that the mail programs just use what GnuPG
gives them and only do the one call to GnuPG, so you can actually
do the tests with the multiple users on the command line without
even using email.
However, I do know that if you do tests by actually sending the same
encrypted mail message (use a fairly large message of at least 64 K)
to one, two, and three recipients then you can see this. Save all of
the messages to a file and edit out the headers and you will find the
approximate size differences for the three files:
double = 2 * single
triple = 3 * single
triple = 1.5 * double
If you had one shared symmetric encryption you wouldn't have
those size changes since you would only be adding the size of
the asymmetric encryption of the randomly generated session key
used to do the symmetric encryption for each additional person.
I will volunteer for being one of the three users (after yourself
you need only one more user) if you want to do the tests actually
using email itself, but I would advise just using the multiple
recipients on the command line first and comparing the sizes there.
Rummage around in the Enigmail section of the Thunderbird forum
and if they don't have the answer just ask if they only do one
call to GnuPG to do the encryption.

@_date: 2007-06-22 02:56:03
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: FireGPG Report 
Hash: SHA512
Here is the information on FireGPG which primarily does
INLINE rather than OpenPGP/MIME encryption and signing:
FireGPG works well for  INLINE encrypting and decrypting.
You can use FireGPG to send / receive GnuPG encrypted
messages.  Further, despite them focusing on using
GMail it, FireGPG will also work in sending and receiving
encrypted messages with AOL / Netscape, HotMail, and Yahoo
WebMail services.  Read on ONLY if you want to help with
the Signing (also INLINE) which has problems.
I have done some extensive testing of FireGPG.  Here are the
results of the tests (the files will be there until the end
of the present month):
 FireGPG.zip
SHA1 sums of files:

@_date: 2007-06-22 03:02:43
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: FireGPG Report 
Hash: SHA512
(no space)
Also, although I usually use GnuPG 1.4.7 for compatibility with
Windows, FireGPG will work just fine with 2.0.x.  You just have to
set which  GnuPG you want to use in the preferences.  The results
are still the same.

@_date: 2007-06-22 04:42:08
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: RSA 4096 ridiculous? 
Hash: SHA512
First, thanks for the stats.  What may be suitable for me may be
totally impractical for somebody sending backup files that are
signed and encrypted on the sending machine, then sent across a
network where they are automatically verified by the receiving
machine.  At least now people have some hard numbers to make
reasonable decisions for keys that meet their own needs.  THANK
PLEASE DEFINE NOTICEABLE!  If it is still only 0.xx ... 2 seconds for
your stated conditions which is multiple users with the sender using

@_date: 2007-06-22 20:51:27
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: RSA 4096 ridiculous? 
I gave you the false impression "I" am doing it.  gpg is the one
that is calling bzip2.  If you say it calling bzip2 first and then
encrypting, I will take your word for it, but I assumed the
compression would be done last.
Generally speaking for small stuff I do use -a, but for this stuff
I don't:
76007185 Jun 12 13:35 Quarantine.tar.gpg
And in this case the encryption isn't so much for protecting the
data from the prying eyes of others as it is for protecting other
people from the data contained therein.  It is all BAD; mostly

@_date: 2007-06-22 23:40:16
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Compression before encryption is best 
That was a bad example to give you, and I DID use public encryption
given what was in the file to give it a little greater protection.
But because it contains all binary files, you don't get much from
compression anyway.  I must hasten to add for the files that are
in the Quarantine folder that I always add a ".ck" extension for
files I THINK are bad (after analysis), and a ".BAD" extension
if my decision has been confirmed by at least one AntiVirus
company. By extension changes I mean:
PotentiallyBad.cab -> PotentiallyBad.cab.ck
ReallyBad.exe      -> ReallyBad.exe.BAD
But since I had to change the order of compression on my key
to put bzip2 first, to me it was manual.  Frequently I use
just symmetric encryption with the "-a" flag in a script. I
had some problems doing it without the flag (can't remember
what it was) so I left the script that way. I should probably
modify the script to give a choice. Depending on how big the
file is, I may or may not use the script.  Usually I am in such
a hurry I end up using the script.  I did a short test using
symmetric encryption (AES), and my key set to do NO compression
(my default, and it should have nothing to do with symmetric
encryption). Here are the results of the test (you should be
able to deduce what the other files are from the comments):
1154945   Hosts.tar.bz2.gpg	bzipped, then encrypted
1157556   Hosts.tar.bz2
1390758   Hosts.tar.gz.gpg
1390807   Hosts.tar.gz
1390856   Hosts.tar.zip.gpg
1390929   Hosts.tar.zip
1407485   Hosts.tar.gpg		encrypted ONLY
1407732   Hosts.tar.gpg.gz
1407858   Hosts.tar.gpg.zip
1414045   Hosts.tar.gpg.bz2	encrypted, then bzipped
6400000   Hosts.tar
(using "-a" option)
1906066   Hosts.tar.asc
1446067   Hosts.tar.asc.bz2
If you aren't using the "-a" option, you should NOT attempt to
compress it after you have encrypted it because it just makes
the file size LARGER!  This is altered if you do an --armor
as you noted, and my scripts are set to do "-a" encryption
right now.  Since the size difference was only marginally
larger for the *.asc file I figured I would just bzip2 the
file after it was encrypted.  When I am in a hurry it is easier
to use script and then bzip2, but it is NOT the smallest file.
That file is the one that bzipped, and then encrypted without
the "-a" option.
Encryption does some compression. It reduced the size of all the
compressed files, and the size of the TAR file considerably whether
you use "-a" option or not.

@_date: 2007-06-29 02:15:21
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: decrypting many files to stdout 
Hash: SHA512
DETAILS PLEASE!
I did, and tried to use the --multifile before that.  When I looked for
command-fd in the doc/DETAILS as promised by the man page it wasn't
there.  A search for how to use it on Google wasn't all that useful
either. Now the following code will get you part way towards where
you want to go (maybe).  It is also available here (with srm code):
For now they are signed with public key 5BA96FAC. Here is the script:

@_date: 2007-03-13 17:50:29
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: GnuPG incompatible with windows-vista ? 
I don't know whether that is so much of a bug as a %PATH% problem.
Try adding the following to your %PATH% variable:
REM ADD THIS TO YOUR %PATH% HKLM entry (copy & paste):
Getting to where to do it (just hope Vista is same):
Start -> Control Panel -> System   (double click)
  {Advanced}   (tab)
    [Environment Variables]   (button)
Select PATH in the System variables and tack the addition suggested
on to the end of it and see if that works. The fine points of these
instructions go for W2K, XP, and 2003 Server. Vista may have
changed how to get to things.  It will NOT change the fact that
adding stuff to the %PATH% cures LOTS of problems.
If you do that, and the problem still isn't fixed, THEN we have a bug.
A lot of people have been saying this or that won't work with Vista.
The appropriate additions to the %PATH% or the setting of other
environment variables usually fixes their problem.  OTOH, I haven't
seen their changes to the Registry.  I am still using REG4 *.reg
files (which will work up through 2003 Server) if that tells you

@_date: 2007-03-21 15:49:07
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Saving a gpg signed message as plain text from Evolution? 
What OS is this on?
I think you are mistaken on several things.
1. Evolution does NOT use in-line. It has always used OpenPGP/MIME
and always will.  It doesn't even have the capacity to handle in-line.
At least it has been that way with every version that I have used.
2. The standard for mailing is to add ^Ms  at the end of every line for
   transmission.
3. The instant you change ONE character in the body it will never vary.
4. I will look at the sent folder, but I have learned to either Cc:
   or Bcc: myself.  In fact, I have it set to do BOTH, and delete
   the one I don't want to use manually.  I don't trust the sent
   folder because I don't think it signs the messages properly there.
5. I am using Evolution on 2.0.4 on Fedora Core 3 Linux (I was going to
   recently update to FC6 and the install failed on a trial machine).
   This message is signed.  My Key ID is 5BA96FAC.  The key is on the
   servers, but it's fingerprint and the checksum of the file with the
   key in it I will send to you is:
   9D55 B232 80B0 D623 E1A1  EECC AF74 19BF 5BA9 6FAC
   91df314d349879384b36e70905f9d3d9cdeb5675
   hhhobbit_at_securemecca.net.asc

@_date: 2007-03-21 15:59:39
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Saving a gpg signed message as plain text from Evolution? 
Please delete the previous message.  We are going out of
group for some tests on his old version of Evolution.

@_date: 2007-05-08 18:21:53
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: W32 version tries to write to /dev/null 
But NUL (nul) does exist, at least for now:
command 1> NUL 2>&1
I use it all the time in my BAT, VBS, JS and PL (PERL) script
files. But almost none of those script files work properly any
more with Vista because any time you wander into protected areas
you need administration privileges. I am talking about NORMAL
Vista accounts, nothing special. Actually, you can start an
elevated shell on Vista to run the script, but that is a real
pain if you made it so people could just double-click on
script files to run them. Here is the article on NUL and
Just be sure if you are throwing it away, then throw it ALL
away.  If you don't, you will still see the message. I have NO
idea whether it works the same in both scripts and inside
C / C++ / C# programs.  Windows is notorious for having
scripting and binaries frequently behaving differently and you
can't interspangle a script that calls a binary that in turn
calls another script on pre-Vista Windows like you do on 'nix
machines. Supposedly, the new PowerShell (PS1) scripting is
going to make the mixing of binaries and scripts possible;
hopefully NUL will be a first class object.  BAT is gone on
Vista, and PowerShell is Object shell scripting (with LOTS
of gotchas).

@_date: 2007-05-14 18:33:45
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: gpg --batch -ea -r keyid filename 
gpg --batch -ea -r KEYID < filename > filename.asc
On Windows in *.BAT, that would perhaps be best written as
(name the script file pcrypt.bat and put it some place in
your %PATH%).  I leave it to you do add more than one
argument which is best done in VBScript, not BAT.
You didn't say what platform you are on.  If you are on some sort of
Nix platform, you can use the pcrypt script file in this zipped
folder to automate the encryption (it has MY KEYID, and I tested it
and it WORKS - replace my KEYID with one of your choice):
MD5:	942e18704f65f14551535c6e086128c3
SHA1:	5b17554888d7ad4fc8376ed71c4a8a92f8ff2888
Check sums were created with the "-b" option on Linux. Since ALL of
files in the folder have only LF rather than CR+LF on the ends of
the files (they were written with the BASH shell in mind), I suggest
using GVim on Microsoft Windows since it is the only editor that I
know about that can see the files (there are probably others):
I strongly suggest you get the gvim71.exe unless you are a masochist.
If you don't like tilde backup files, add the following line to the
start vimrc file:
set nobackup
If you or others want it in VBScript, let me know and I will try to
add a VBScript file to do it, if I ever get back on MS-Windows. I
have been on Linux for three plus weeks solid right now.  My Anti-Virus
program is probably so far out of date I will have to reinstall it!
You may have a damaged keyring, or the particular key is munged
(hopefully it isn't yours).  In that case search the archives for
how to clean it up.  There is a lot of good advice on how to do
that from quite a few people.  I would try the batch encrypting
with other keys, and if it works with the other keys but not the
one you are mentioning, then the key is the problem.

@_date: 2007-05-22 12:17:52
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
You said "root" so I assume Unix.  Better yet, that requires
nobody at all unless you need somebody to change the media.
Just use cron to do automated backups.  For Fedora / RedHat /
OpenSuse / Novell the default crond chkconfig setting enables
it (I can't speak for other versions of Linux or Macs):
crond  0:off   1:off   2:on    3:on    4:on    5:on    6:off
On older style Unix systems, they MUST have cron running.  That is
what is used to trim the logs, etc.  For MS Windows you also have
software to do backups for you in an automated fashion.  Your
"not in charge" makes me worry about the politics of what you are
All of the things Zeljko said here (why repeat it?) are true. More
to the point, X.509 are what most other MS Windows oriented companies
will be using. They may not be using the free certificates though.
Everybody I have heard wants a middle company doing some sort of
investigation of both parties. It gives them that warm fuzzy feeling.
It's not that the companies don't trust the OpenPGP WOT model;
they don't even know about it. There are cases where other
companies will specify OpenPGP, and there is one case in the
GnuPG archives for you to look at.  The posters were using a Sun
Solaris system on their end but I can't remember what the people
on the other end were using other than it was also a Unix system.
Look around your shop.  If it is almost all Microsoft Windows then
lean towards X.509.  If it is all Linux, then lean towards OpenPGP.
But when it comes to other companies other than your own, ASK
THEM.  Ask all the other companies you deal with what they want
you to use.  Zimmerman made the statement to the effect that it
isn't so much "big brother" that will be doing the spying as it
is other companies that will be spying on your company to gain
a competitive advantage.  You have already alluded to the loss
of confidential information. In other words, you need SOME sort
of encryption.  But more to the point, you need the blessing of
those that are in charge to implement it, at least on a trial
basis in those areas where your company is having problems.
Since you have already had cases of stolen information, that
should be an easy sell.  But sometimes it isn't.  There an awful
lot of Paris Hilton's out there (people that don't secure their
data). Worse, they don't see any reason for securing their data

@_date: 2007-05-24 12:47:15
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: easy way to confirm email validity 
You heard the others answers.  They are all good and valid with
one exception: browser based mail. Looking at your email
address, you CAN slip in the FireGPG plug-in into Firefox:
But to use it you need to install GnuPG, create keys, have your
friends create keys, import their public keys and you import
their public keys, etcetera.  FireGPG verifies OR signs (but
not both simultaneously) but it only handles INLINE properly sent
from a POP mail account if the message is signed (no friends
who are using GnuPG in  Evolution or Mac Mail or similar apps
that only do OpenPGP/MIME).  Strangely, it decrypts messages
that are encrypted in OpenPGP/MIME format.  I have only tested
it SENDING from GMail so far (had to bring all my browsers,
email programs and plugins all up to date for valid tests).
I have tested it successfully with GMail (where it works best)
and Yahoo WebMail.  It will NOT work with AOL because you have
to select the text, and they have that stupid pop-up you are
reading the message in that doesn't give you access to the
FireGPG menu.  I have yet to test it with HotMail, but I see no
reason for why it will not also work there.  It is just that
HotMail is a pain to test because I have to wait a LONG time
(sometimes hours) for the message to arrive.  That makes it
very difficult for testing.
I say it works best in GMail.  That is because in it you get
buttons for signing OR encrypting when sending.  However, there
is no reason you can't select and use the FireGPG menu in Yahoo
for example. I am still spelunking it and can give you a fuller
report later on if you want it.  I can say FireGPG is VERY
PROMISING!  Color me impressed.  Just realize it is brand new
and you will have some gotchas, but you can always copy and
paste the message into something else (WinPT on Windows) for
Can you make your requirements a little more specific?  By specific
I mean what OS you have (Windows, Linux, Mac), what type of mail
(POP / IMAP / WebMail), what everybody else you want this to work
with are using, etc.  X.509 works great in Outlook on Windows for
example, but I don't know how it would work in WebMail. I don't
think it will work at all in WebMail on Linux (haven't checked
for plugins to the browser yet).

@_date: 2007-05-24 16:30:40
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: easy way to confirm email validity  
As an aside, if you are concerned about DNS cache server
poisoning, then take the IP address and stick it into the
hosts file (make sure hosts come before DNS in the
nsswitch.conf file in nix machines).  If nothing else it
stops the chatter happy Zone Alarm firewall from querying
for its IP address every five seconds.  The host / domain
name has more than one IP address?  randomly pick one of
them.  Check back that they are the same but not every five
seconds. Try every six hours for a week or so until all
the DNS TTLs have timed out.  djbdns anybody?
I am interpreting your statement as saying all of the people
you will be sending to are only moderately interested in
verification rather than paranoid, and that they will all be
using Windows. Correct me if I am wrong.  If the conditions
are not these, the next statement has NO meaning.
Now that we know a little better what you want to do (just one
way verification of emails with them verifying you but not
vice versa) you MAY be best served by using X.509.
I really don't like the idea of that web verification scheme.
Once you look at X.509 you will see that is better.  I have
had mail redirects in the past week from several universities,
and one of them was from MIT!  It is just too easy for Mallory
to say "click on this link" to verify, and back we go to
phishing 101.  In other words, there is no substitute but for
the people who are getting your messages to assume some of the
responsibility for verification themselves.  One of the key
things in Bruce Schneier's security service are people
monitoring what is going on.  The people receiving your
messages need to assume some of the responsibility themselves.

@_date: 2007-05-27 13:52:06
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Can't run GPG --recv-keys under Windows Vista. 
I think you are being charitable.  In reality, you are going
to have to scrap almost all your old Windows programs since they
will not work with Vista.  The people providing binary programs for
Vista are going to have to pay the $1000 annual fee for the Microsoft
certification to make their program run on Vista. There is a
work-around ... but I have only used it for scripts and stand-alone
binaries.  You run them from a Command Prompt which is running in
elevated status:
Follow the link at the bottom for "Quickly open a Command Prompt
with elevated credentials in Windows Vista".  If you have already
done this (actually, I assume you have), then that would be nice
to know because that means that any executable that was messaged
into existence by another executable even though the first one
was running with elevated privileges will be running in lower
level capacity (you don't really fork() on Windows). It would be
nice to know if you are already using this "trick".  So far all
I have been dealing with are scripts and stand-alone binary
programs (they don't message other binaries into running) which
so far the RunAs method makes them continue to work.
Again, it isn't GnuPG that isn't recommended.  It is VISTA that
is unsupported and not recommended!  Scamper back to XP if you
Moses, what you should have considered was a Dell preloaded with
Ubuntu Linux.  People are missing the whole significance of that
move. What that means is that ALL Dell machines and that means even
those running Windows Vista are capable of running Ubuntu Linux
out of the box.  Forget about an embedded sound chip that won't
work with Linux (especial significance for laptops). Dell isn't
going to have a one-off run of hardware only for Linux.  That
means that the vendors supplying hardware for all Dell machines
have made a commitment of providing their middle-ware (drivers
if you prefer) for both Vista and Ubuntu Linux.
Let us know if you have tried the RunAs work-around and that it
has failed.  BTW, this shift by Microsoft hasn't stopped the
hackers in Russia and elsewhere - their programs are now certified,
and still semi-encrypted to evade detection, and they have began
infecting Windows Vista systems.  If you ask me, Vista is nothing
more than an effort to gouge developers for $1000 per year.  I am
NOT going to pay that much for some people to run some of my
scripts.  For large vendors like Symantec, McAfee and others that
fee is so low it isn't even pocket change.  But for the end user
that means scrapping almost all of your existing programs and
replacing them with programs that have the certificate to run
on Vista.

@_date: 2007-05-29 22:52:09
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Can't run GPG --recv-keys under Windows Vista. 
This seems to be going out of the realm of GnuPG.  What I was attempting
to point out was the problems may be far deeper than just the internal
code changes you have already made in GnuPG. I hope the new install
program of both GnuPG and GPG4Win have that patch in place - most
Windows users don't have development systems. I assumed the patches
were in place, which makes the initial question that started all
this even more baffling.  If they were using the patched version of
GnuPG, then why are they still having problems?
Firefox and many other programs had to be recompiled for Vista and
in addition to the reasons you have found (code changes), here are
the reasons why the other programs had to be remade.  The major reason
is that the new Vista programs needed that expensive certification
from Microsoft. You will also have to replace almost all of the
programs you use when you move to Vista for these same reasons.
In other words, the problem is not just peculiar to GnuPG. Here are
some of the reasons for the why software that used to run on
Windows won't run on Vista:
1. Vista considers the %ProgramFiles% area as semi-protected.  Since
   GnuPG is installing into this area, it is a reason for concern.
   Even such programs as Firefox couldn't be installed on Vista for
   a while.  The reason why it is only semi-protected is because if
   it is fully protected, it causes problems for anti-virus,
   anti-spyware, firewalls, and other security programs that need
   to be updated.
2. Vista considers the %Windir% as a protected area.
3. Vista considers certain areas of the registry (HKLM primarily) as
   protected areas.
5. There are some other areas that Vista considers protected areas,
   but I gave you the three major areas.
4. Any program or script that begins to access (not just modify) the
   protected areas frequently needs to be licensed by Microsoft.
   The only way I have observed of getting around it is to run
   that elevated Command Prompt and run the program from there.
   That is the only way my ckdupe.exe program I provided on the back
   end for other people that make blocking hosts files will run.
   When they saw my ckdupe program checks their files for duplicates
   and does it in less than 1/4 of a second (the heapsort is the key
   to the speed) they all started using it. Vista broke the running
   of that program. The only way it runs any more is in that elevated
   privileges Command Prompt. There was no tricky code in it that
   would have caused a problem either. And checking a hosts file some
   place else other than in the protected file system areas doesn't
   help either. So the code changes you are making to GnuPG are in
   addition to this new way of running programs on Vista.  You need
   to understand our blocking hosts file is smack dab in the middle
   of one of their protected areas. It is also why I installed both
   Homer and our PAC filter at the top of the drive (they are in
   unprotected file space).  It doesn't help because Vista still
   blocks the scripts unless run from an elevated privilege Command
   Prompt.  There were things being blocked on Vista that still
   leave me baffled.  They weren't going into any of the protected
   areas and they were still having problems.
Now any changes to GnuPG code in either installer or the run programs
is on top of this new way of doing things which is different from
previous versions of Windows.  As a test, you could TRY to install
my blocked cookie list into Firefox (a binary is included). You
SHOULD have no problems on any version of Windows including Vista:
- Microsoft Windows Version
- Unix version (you must compile it yourself)
But I will wager that you will have problems running it on Vista
(report in group if you choose but also tell me directly if you use
Vista and either had or didn't have problems - you may not be able
to get it to work at all) unless you run the program that installs
the domains not allowed to set cookies in that elevated privileges
Command Prompt.  BTW, the add2ffox.exe only runs in a Command Prompt
anyway. If you use SpyWareBlaster or similar programs I would run
the program each time after you run their updates since they may
remove what I have identified are the most prevalent tracking
cookie domains on the Internet. The only thing that should be in
the blocked cookie list are those domains you hit most of the
time.  That is all it does too, blocks cookies. If you want to
restrict domains, your only option in Firefox is NoScript. PAC
filters, blocking hosts files, and Ad Blockers BLOCK entirely,
not just restrict.
So what does all of this have to do with GnuPG? I think any changes
or attempts to make GnuPG work on Vista need to have these things
kept in mind.  Vista is not just a minor twist in the way of doing
things coming out of Redmond. It is entirely new in many ways. It
is why I finally abandoned the idea of Vista. Others upgraded and
after seeing the headaches they had I am staying with XP Pro, XP
Home, and 2003 server.  It makes it impossible for me to test
anything with Vista, but those are the breaks.  Once support for
XP is abandoned by Microsoft I may not be working with Microsoft
Windows any more. I am NOT going to install Vista!  We have had
too many problems with it.  I am also not going to pay Microsoft
approximately $1500 year ($1000 for the certificate, and
approximately one version of the build software for $500 which
needs to upgraded at least once per year) for some programs that
I am giving away free.  Microsoft must believe the rest of us
are all millionaires like they are.
There are going to be more changes in Vista as time goes on.
I think you can count on every one of them affecting you
adversely.  I can't believe that one simple patch of the software
has fixed all the problems you have when I have had so many more
with other programs.  In exasperation I told somebody else nothing
but Microsoft programs run on Vista.  That isn't true, but it
illustrates the depth of the problem.
If you have handled all of this, please ignore me.

@_date: 2013-04-10 22:26:23
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: gpg2 does not ask for pass phrase 
Right now I am not subscribed and haven't been for years.  It is
just that this is a serious issue where I had no way that I could
easily find to turn off the nasty behavior of my pass-phrase being
supplied with no questions asked even after a reboot for using my
secret key on OpenSuse 11.4.  I am also battling spam that gives
me about 100 to a maximum of a thousand spam messages in my
other email account per day.  Sorry about the failed request so I
can post.  I am busy!  Why OpenSuse 11.4 and Ubuntu 10.04?  I have
gone through no less than twelve installs of various Linux distros
and gave up on the iPad like interfaces and went back to something
that gives me four work spaces with two xterms in each.  That is
no longer nice.  It is MANDATORY!
It is just that all of the advice "out there" is wrong.  I don't
know whether you are allowing bots to traverse the old mailings
or not, but DuckDuckGo was NOT finding an answer..  It really
needs to be something that is available some place and the web-site
is authoritative.  Since Ubuntu 10.04 doesn't have a PIN entry
panel it is not an issue there.
This URL while safe won't harm you:
It won't help you either.  It seems that gpg2 on OpenSuse 11.4 does
NOT use the ~/.gnupg/gpg-agent.conf file even after you uncomment
this line in the ~/.gnupg/gpg.conf file:
# use-agent
Since I do not have an  ~/.xinitrc file some of this advice will
kill more than just your GnuPG encryption:
You will never be able to login again!  Well, since I also have
a clamav user and clamav group I could login as clamav, su to
to root (sudo su -l root for debianesque) and do a
# rm /home/ME/.xinitrc
Then ^D ^D, logout.
Now I can login.  But I still had a problem.  My GnuPG
pass-phrase was still being supplied with no questions asked.
I didn't notice or change anything in the pinentry panel which
I was able to use only the first time.  Ever since then the
pass-phrase was magically supplied and there was no way for
me to set it to ask for it in the man pages or elsewhere because
the pinentry panel never appeared again.
Here is how you get it to ask for your GnuPG pass-phrase again
(and it is at that second URL):
echo "test" | gpg -ase -r 0xMYKEYID | gpg
But you do NOT have to do anything other than that.  Make sure
you set it to something reasonable like ask for it every time
or a time-out before asking for it again.  Never ask for the
GnuPG pass-phrase ever again?  Sheesh!  I may understand that
on a smart-phone but not a desk-top system.

@_date: 2013-04-14 00:18:09
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Using smartcard as RNG 
Are you sure you aren't advertising it?   Using the URL
you supplied, this one has been written about and the link
you are looking for (well, at least one of them) is from
its links:
"The developers of  the entropy key were clever and instead of
making programs write new code to use the key, they made a
program that reads the key and feeds the Linux entropy pool.
Thus, anything that uses /dev/random (like gpg) benefits
without code changes."
Or were you after the argument that despite their best efforts
it isn't as random as hoped?  David Shaw intimates along those
lines with "evil".  I would say the self-similarity of Mandelbrot
meaning order is coming out of chaos despite our best efforts to
prevent it.  I don't think the card is some sort of malevolent
creature with a mind of its own.
You should be able to just plug it in and use it with Debian
and Ubuntu after you install the packages for handling it.  For
other Linux distros they have the source code. So from a mechanical
level (meaning no consideration of just how random it is) it works
with very little effort.
Can somebody point to code that can be used for testing how well
it works?  I as going to give my code for making alpha-numeric
hashes for athletic drug samples but it is totally unsuitable.
The labs have been broken into many times so encountering an
alpha-numeric hash rather than a name would foil sample tampering
for physical break-ins in many cases.  I was more concerned with
hash collisions and just used srand() / rand().  WADA would
probably just store the person <--> hash pairings in a DB on
their Windows machines unencrypted anyway.

@_date: 2013-04-14 05:23:17
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Using smartcard as RNG 
I am sorry you are having problems getting it but I do NOT
represent the company in any way.  I knew nothing until the
original question was posed.  Aaron Toponce, Werner and others
know MUCH more than I do.  It is also time for them to speak
up and for me to butt out.
The original question doesn't make sense either given how easy
it was for me to find the answer.  Well it is easy for somebody
like me who can find almost anything on the Internet and even
see some of the problems with hashed JS scripts without even
unsalting them.  I also have one of the RealTek SHA1 certs
that was used in Stuxnet.  It passed muster until the keys
were revoked.  What I had was NOT Stuxnet.  I got it from a
middle school in Southern California.  Think about that long
and hard before specifying SHA1 as your first hash choice.
Maybe you are using the wrong search engine or typing something
wrong or accepting their changes.  I just gave entropykey as the
search term to DuckDuckGo.com and came up with much better
results than those purportedly bad hosts somebody had.  Here is
one of the links:
I have Aaron's key on my key-ring.  Look up
aaron(GNAT)rootcertified.com at MIT's key server and import
his key to see his email addresses.
I suggest using his gmail address.  Anyway, Aaron said he has
purchased five of them.  They do say on the order form page
that it is in high demand right now.  Aaron will more likely
represent Ubuntu rather than entropykey.co.uk.  He posted it
on 2012-10-05 if that helps you make sense on why you are
having problems getting yours.  But Aaron says they are NOT
mixing them into /dev/random but have their own /dev/entropykey/
folder and you use the ekeyd daemon which sets up a tty for
each connection there.  That means code changes WOULD nned to
be made for gpg and other applications (and that means it is
time for me to shut up and let Werner and the others write).
What I was referring to in the Benoit Mandelbrot self similarity
was that IBM was using the telephone lines for SNA networking.
Benoit was assigned to find why there was a problem with what
they thought were random glitches in the transmission.  What he
found was it wasn't random at all.  The disturbance periods were
periodical (but not symmetric) and repeating in nature.  Even
worse than that, when you made the time durations either longer
or shorter the very same patterns showed up.  When they say
they are using PN semiconductor junctions referse biased driven
to high enough voltages to be near to but not beyond breakdown
in order to generate noise I begin to get worried.  But without
hard tests by MANY people you have no way of knowing just how
random they are
PS  Don't be surprised if they show up packaged in a Brillo box.
      - Fairchild Semiconductor

@_date: 2013-04-14 07:10:20
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Using smartcard as RNG 
I take it back.  Farther down Aaron's page it DOES say it fills
up /dev/random.  So it IS compatible. I am doing way too many
things at once and it is way past the time I should have
started my long nap.
I can not find where it says whether it is  USB 2.0 or USB 3.0
compatible.  If it is USB 3.0 capable and he is using USB 2.0
that could explain Aaron's slower speeds than what they claim.
The reason for the slow down on filling orders may be the same
as for why it took so long for the first silicon transistors to
be delivered from Fairchild Semiconductor to IBM in a Brillo
box.  There, some of the time they had nothing when the form
was opened other than dirty sand.  I am sure this is better
than that.
But the demand is probably far greater than the supply is, at
least for now.  What I need is something else and it isn't

@_date: 2013-04-16 01:21:58
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Backing up Private Keys 
I have been a SysAdmin for years and if there is any way I could
make it so that I could exclude .gnupg folders in the home area
I may do that. OTOH, if hackers knew that and used somebody's
.gnupg folder to stash bad stuff then I want a backup but the
OpenPGP keys are really not my concern.  Whether or not the
system is hacked IS my concern.  I have learned to hate sendmail,
wonder why finger was invented, ...  I could care less about
your OpenPGP keys except for maybe restoring them in case you
get them fouled up and have no backup of your own.  I would
advise against ANYTHING on paper except noted below.  But
since they are YOUR OpenPGP keys even if you use them for
company business backing them up is YOUR responsibility, not
mine past a simple file backup. Restoring all of those Engineering
drawings and source code IS  my concern as a SysAdmin even if
you were stupid enough to type "rm -fr" without a second and
third check before you did it.
But as a sysadmin, I would frown on a paper copy of anything as
being problematical and almost useless for a massive backup
of entire systems.  Paper is also an issue from a security
standpoint as well.  Well I guess Judge Hardcastle found the
paper backups of his court cases handy when his side-kick sat
there ready to destroy all the records on the computer.
I think you people are making this too complicated.  Here is
what I do for the same keys everywhere on four different 32
bit LE operating systems.  If you have mixed 32 / 64 and / or
LE / BE, this will NOT work.  You will be doing exporting and
importing for mixed hardware architectures.  Sorry.
1. I make a backup of the ~./gnupg folder as given below in
step 4 and put them in MY ~/tmp folder.  Alternatively you
can copy them to another folder.  your choice,  But having
a backup of what you have makes blowing away the mess you
have and going back to what worked possible.
2. Do something about ~/.gnupg/random_seed if desired.  There
IS a security issue here.  Maybe you want to back up. create
dummy keys and export / import.  Since I use only two systems
for using the keys to create something ...  now is the time
to backup and go the export / import route.
3. Copy the files recursively from ~/.gnupg to
have a FAT32 E: partition for copying files.  Those files and
folders are copied in AS IS.  I have never had proglems.
Mixed 32 / 64 or BE / LE?  Start exporting and importing.  It
is the ONLY way you will get it done.  Remember you need the
trustdb unless you want to import and give trust levels again.
4. zip up a copy using 7zip's AES128 with a sufficent password
for a modicum of protection.  Just remember that they keys
are sitting on your machine with NO extra level of protection
so either physical or network access to them poses a security
risk that actually has one LESS hurdle in the way.
$ cd
$ umask 077  # my other stuff is at 022 - my login umask 077
$ 7za a -p gnupg.7z  ./.gnupg
The only part that may be on paper are the passwords used to
make the zips.  If it is a backup I would store the Flash Drive
it is on in a safe some place.  Your drawer with a "gnupg"
written on the flash drive with a Sharpie pen is NOT a safety
deposit box.  You think I am kidding.  The FBI stole the
encryption code at one place I worked at.  My encryption
source code for my platform was encrypted and stored on
media that had something like "stuff" written on them.  I
would also prefer servers that are named with Disney characters
over names that tell what the machine is used for or where it
is at as well.  Good luck on that one as a SysAdmin.  We
MUST name it sdp2 because it is in the Silicon Deposit Process
group and it is their second machine.  Sigh.  There is nothing
like spelling it all out for a hacker.
Make as many copies necessary for the machines / operating
systems you have.  There after you need only the relevant files
that have been changed.  I do the updates of importing keys, et
al on only one machine that has gpg rather than gpg2.  Some day
in the future that will no longer be possible.  At least my
signfile script still works with gpg2 but none of the other
scripts work with gpg2.  Now you know why I use 7-Zip.  I can
make a backup with encryption.
5. I replace the contents of ~/gnupg with the originals when
done.  Usually I just:
$ cd
$ umask 077
$ mv .gnugp new.gnupg
$ mv tmp/gnupg.7z .
$ 7za x gnupg.7z
$ diff -r --brief .gnupg new.gnupg
# if satisfied
$ rm -fr gnugp.7z new.gnupg
Secure?  Not very, but you're infinitely more likely to have
your entire keys (all contents of ~/.gnupg on 'nix) stolen via
physical means like the theft of Amazon's entire VUDI database
where the thieves stole entire drives. They can also be purloined
when hackers can access your machine via a network.  Once they
have that key folder all they lack is the pass-phrase.  A key
logger is useful for that. I have analyzed well over 1,000
malware in the past eight years.  Any more, most malware has
a key-logger that can be dropped on at will if it isn't already
Your major REAL WORLD security problems are:
1. Theft of the entire contents of the ~/.gnupg folder or
equivalent on Windows / Macintosh.  Don't laugh.  I have some
hackers I have dubbed "PeskySpammer" that even had Windows
machines in the RIPE and ICANN network address space (I mean
THEIR control area IP address space) that have drop-on SMTP
agents that directly sent me spam.  Hacked Sheriff web-site
via the stabs of infected PCs, etc.  Search for "PeskySpammer"
with the quotes and some of it is there. I no longer save
any of the messages or update the IP addresses where the
email comes from.  But I am still getting around 100 messages
per day from their bots up to a maximum of a thousand.  Maybe
it is time to change my hosting service.  I get EVERYTHING
sent to any user what so ever at securemecca.com.  It is
useful to help a neighbor without Internet that must supply
an email address but doesn't have one. There are poor people
in the world that don't have computers.  But it is a real
pain with PeskySpammer filling up the email box with garbage.
2. The learning of your pass-phrase or GULP, your keys being
used WITHOUT the pass-phrase being needed.  And on that one I
have white hairs, almost two weeks of sweating it, and one more
thing that needs to be said.  I will say that in a separate
post.  Protecting your pass-phrase is a SERIOUS ISSUE!  Nobody
is mentioning that here.

@_date: 2013-04-17 23:39:22
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: question on decryption with missing passcode 
Daniel Kahn Gillmor is correct on this being a file permissions
problem or maybe an OS problem for a file of that large size.
Like Daniel, I assume the first.
I assume from what you said that it is encrypted with a symmetric
cipher rather than a public key.  You need to rule out something
encrypted with public key in which case only you rather than you
and the sender can decrypt which can be done with a symmetric
The best thing would be to make sure you have the same thing:
$ sha1sum -b rwu.dbdump_Nov2012.sql.gz.gpg
sha1sum may not be good enough for security but it is good enough
for file permission and corruption problems and should give you
the same sum on both your system and their system.  But the message
looks more like like a file permissions problem and in that case
even something as simple as sha1sum will also fail with a message
like "Permission denied".  If you get that do a:
$ ls -l rwu.dbdump_Nov2012.sql.gz.gpg
That gives the permissions on the file.  Make sure you have
read permissions (you are in the group specified for the
file or read acccess is also given to Other).

@_date: 2013-04-18 01:27:01
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: question on decryption with missing passcode 
Let us know when the problem is resolved (if it has not
been resolved already).  Having root access and typing
the following may need to be done:
# chmod 640 rwu.dbdump_Nov2012.sql.gz.gpg
# chmod 750
Also adding the user that is typing the commands to
the group for the files may be necessary and is actually
most likely what is wrong.
You may need to use 644 and 755 but I would NOT have
set it up that way.  Only the people in the group should
have access to the folder and files.  Name the group
as desired. They should have done all of this already.
No?  A school database that is THAT insecure?  Impossible!
Each client probably has a different group and the user
that is typing the commands that is NOT in that group will
have file permission problems.  That means you may have
no problems because you are in the group but they will
have problems if their user is not in your group or what
ever group they have put the file into.
More likely than not that will solve ALL of the problems
as long as you and they have write access to the folder
(dir) that the rwu.dbdump_Nov2012.sql.gz.gpg file is in.
Note that root does NOT do the decryption.  Only the user
authorized to do that does it.  But that user can NOT
change the permissions and ownership of the files if they
are not in the group.  The only user that can do that who
is not a member of the group is root.  But root cannot
even see the files in the /opt/swgroup if it is NFS mounted
and root is not in the swgroup group.
As a follow up, if the sha1sum command works and you have the
same check sum and sizes on both machines then we know you
have the same file and read access to it.  Well, I guess
somebody could hack the SHA1 check sum but that is esoteric
and unlikely.  Don't laugh.  I have malware with hacked
SHA1 sums.  It takes LOTS of computer power to do it.  They
used distributed power on the Internet that was supposed to
be used for scientific purposes to do it.  If you have
sha256sum and use it and the sizes and the SHA-256 sums
of both files are the same then you KNOW the files are the
If you BOTH have read access to the file and write access
to the folder and you can decrypt it but they can't decrypt
it then it is very likely that they encrypted it using your
OpenPGP public-key.  In that case only the person that has
the secret key (you or who ever it is at rwu.edu that has
the secret key on their system) and knows the passcode
(more correctly, the pass-phrase) can decrypt the file.
Only the person / people that have the secret keys and
know the pass-phrase can decrypt the file.  Unfortunately
I have a system that set the pinentry to not require
the pass-phrase after I used it once to sign the block
list for Cookie-Safe (with no input from me other than
than my pass-phrase and an Enter).  That is a very
dangerous condition~ I have lots more white hairs. It
requests the pass-phrase now.
They could also use the same passcode (password) even with
symmetric ciphers with each client being assigned the same
password / passcode for ALL files.  It is less secure but
the reason why is multiple passwords for each client can
lead to confusion and data that is lost forever.  But in
that case BOTH of you should be able to decrypt the file.
If you are using Windows, this hash program can quickly
provide all the various hashes for a given file (there
are others but this is only one that has been there for
Cross tested with the same check-sums on Linux
both yielding same results.

@_date: 2013-04-18 04:12:16
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: question on decryption with missing passcode 
I think this is no longer a decryption issue.  If all you want
is something about encryption, TAP DELETE NOW!  Encryption is
not even discussed here!
In that case, either sha1sum or file (why not do two things at
once?) gives a more meaningful message:
$ sha1sum  nonexistentfile
sha1sum: nonexistentfile: No such file or directory
$ sha1sum foo
sha1sum: foo: Permission denied
$ ls -l foo
-rw-r----- 1 root root 32 2013-04-18 00:08 foo
I just wrote Linda privately since it was no longer an encryption
issue IMO. I hope the leading "rwu." does not mean they are
storing everything in one folder.  No IBM main-frame person would
do that and IBM main-frames have ISAM (Indexed Sequential Access
Method).  Almost a million files in one folder (yes I have saw it
stupidly done not once but twice) is not a pretty sight, and if
you have ext4, something like Reiser isn't going to save you.
You still have O(N/2) on average to do anything with files in
that folder (the dir file, not the inodes the various dir entries
point to).  I would give each client their own folder at minimum
and maybe sub-folders.  Things run much quicker that way all the
way around. What was the clue that they are using a one folder
method?  They are removing the older files.  it could be they
are running out of storage space but we have terrabyte disks now
so it is more likely they are having a one folder for all slow
down.  Disks are cheap.  Make /client an NFS mount and squirrel
away the old drives into storage to be replaced by new disks on
the NFS mount.  You could recycle the old disks after a while.
Make the backups resilient to wait for 30 minutes on fail before
trying again while the old disk is umounted and replaced with the
new disk. And I would much rather have the mount device be a hard
pre-made and ready to go before the new disk is mounted.  I have
done some of this stuff in my sleep - literally!  A kot of DB
people do it too.
As I read it, they are somehow able to cd into the folder - perm
711 / 751, (please not 755!), but once they get there the file
has the proper permissions (640) and is hopefully owned by owner
rwu and is in group rwu. I would set each user like rwu with a
umask 027 in their shell start up and then assuming files were
stored in something like (it works for me but maybe not for
SQL DBs):
- alternatively
me$ su -l rwu
rwu$ cd /client/RogerWilliamsUniversity/${RESTOFPATH}
rwu$ sha1sum -b rwu.dbdump_Nov2012.sql.gz.gpg
rwu$ ls -l rwu.dbdump_Nov2012.sql.gz.gpg
# if succes with sha1sum and ls:
rwu$ gpg -d < rwu.dbdump_Nov2012.sql.gz.gpg | tar -xvf -
rwu$ file rwu.dbdump_Nov2012.sql
rwu$ ls -l rwu.dbdump_Nov2012.sql
Use of the "v" in tar optional.  File not there?
rwu$ find  /client/RogerWilliamsUniversity -type f -name \
rwu.dbdump_Nov2012.sql.gz.gpg -print
There again by having their own folder I reduce the work find
has to do by several orders of magnitude.  I also reduce the
work load in normal operations.  I would prefer 2012_11 which
means you could have YYYY folders and if necessary inside the
year folder a MM folder (month in numerics).  That is just one
method to reduce the directory overloaded with too many files.
But all of the methods have the trait of using subfolders (as
many directories as necessary) according to something that is
naturally there in the data / file names.  Like I said, use
name (GECOS field) for user rwu to be Roger Williams University.
I did ask her to respond on the solution.  It may still be an
encryption issue but I doubt it  Oops, I said something about
encryption.  Excusez mow.

@_date: 2013-04-22 10:44:22
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: One Private Key for several users 
It kind of depends on whether or not you want to use symmetric ciphers
or public-key ciphers.  For symmetric ciphers you can all have your
own private / public key pair.  You could even use 7-Zip unless it
is precluded by regulations.  AES-128 with a great password is usually
more than adequate for many but by no means ALL purposes.  But a
symmetric enciphered file can be deciphered by anyone if they know
the password and have the software to decipher the file.
But if you are using email and public key encryption, when you
encipher the message to send to  multiple people, Enigmail in
Thunderbird and what ever is used in Claws Mail encrypts a separate
copy for everybody using EACH PERSON'S public key.
I just copy my whole key ring (contents of ~/.gnupg folder on Linux)
among my multiple OS with the random_seed file modified with hexedit
and the 0-9 & A-F modified with no plan (pure serendipity) so each of
them have a different random_seed file. There are no guarantees whether
or not that 'F' is going to be replaced by yet another 'F' or any
scheme at all of which nibble gets modified or not.  So each of my
keyrings has its own random_seed file.  ALL of my OS are 32 bit LE
versions even if 64 bit is available.  The two Linux systems have
ways of using all of the 7 GB and 12 GB of RAM (e.g. PAE for
Ubuntu) RAM available.  I rarely use Windows but have two Windows
7 OS.
You can get hexedit (binary) editors for Windows.
But if you have even mixed 32 bit LE and 64 bit LE that approach
will most likely NOT work (not tried, no proof, copying strongly
discouraged).  Ditto for BE (Macintosh Power PC, et al - copying
is IMPOSSIBLE).  You need to export / import under those conditions.
Just be sure to erase the files copied with a pretty strong eraser
for ALL of these files being transferred around, especially the
priv key export files.  I use the included AES-128 symmetric cipher
in 7-Zip for the transfer for anything copied to a flash drive.
You cannot use OpenPGP to do it because you have a chicken versus
egg problem; you are transferring what needs to be on the other
end to get it unpacked..
I apologize if there is a more elegant or better answer.  Does that
answer your question or were you asking something else?

@_date: 2013-04-22 12:41:11
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: One Private Key for several users 
They are on Windows.  I tried not copying random_seed and
PGP4Win never generated a new random_seed file for me.  Maybe
GnuPG for WIndows uses something else?
They wanted to know if they could have several people sharing
the same secret (private) key.  I don't think it is practical.
Actually they are on fishing expedition to find what will
work best and don't seem to know how to ask for it.
OTOH, if what they are searching for is a way that the files
are encrypted but once the person is removed from the group
(leaves the company etc.) there is no elegant solution.  You
would need a separte publicly encrypted file for each person
and they would still have all of the previous decrypted files
even after they were removed from the group.  Again, it is
not a practical solution.  If it is required by regulations
(doubtful) that may be the best you can do.
IMHO, NdK's response is best.  Use Windows ACL to control who
has what.  I THINK that is what they are looking for anyway.
They just want to control who has access to the files and how
long they can have access.  On 'nix machines this could be done
with a group.  If you are not in the ACL or group list, then
you have no legitimate access to the files. Immediately remove
those people that no longer need access from the ACL or group.

@_date: 2013-04-22 23:54:35
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: No passphrase required 
Both of my Linux systems were recently involved in a test of
about a dozen plus replacments for OpenSuse 11.4 and Ubuntu 10.04.
After all the experimenting was over I ended up with the same
operating systems but swapped with each having the OS that was
on the other machine before the experimentation started.  This
means the last great gasp of using Gnome 2.  I will have to
switch to KDE or something else but not for at least another
year. Gnome 3 is OUT as is Unity on Ubuntu!
Everything went fine and the ~/.gnupg folders are the same
except for the random_seed file. That worked before so why
shouldn't it work now?  Ubuntu 10.04 of course still uses gpg.
and OpenSuse 11.4 uses gpg2.  Then I signed the updated cookie
block list for the Firefox add-on named CookieSafe which I
create on the OpenSuse system.  Nothing was checked on the
options so I assumed I was using the default of a pass-phrase
requested each time I sign a file like it did before.
Less than a week went past until I signed my PAC filter files.
Lo and behold instead of being requested for the pass-phrase
for each of the twelve files they got signed with no questions
asked.  IMHO, this is an inherently dangerous situation.  But
searches were yielding nothing that made sense.  But I tried
every one of them (with a backup to scramble back to) in the
hopes that one of them would give me my pass-phrase request
back. The one that made the least sense was adding a certain
line to the ~/xinitrc file.  With OpenSuse using KMS since
11.3 I I can tell you that you should NOT create a ~/.xinitrc
file.  Because I have another user for damage control and for
the ClamAV's AV. I tried it anyway because at that point I was
getting frantic about a way to have the pinentry ask for my
pass-phrase again. Predictably, when I tried to login I just
got logged back out and was given the login screen.  I
repeated the test two more times with the exact same results
of me not being able to login. So I logged in as clamaV and did:
1. started an xterm
2. su -l root
3  rm -f /home/ME/.xinitrc
4. In the xterm - control-D, control-D
5. Logged out as clamav.
6. logged in as me and put everything back the way it originally
   was.
But I still had the problem of not being asked for my pass-phrase.
At the very same URL as where they said to put the line in the
~/xinitrc file they had this line to do a test:
echo "test" | gpg -ase -r 0xMYKEYID | gpg
(replace MYKEYID with what ever your key is)
I will ignore for the moment that you really have gpg2 on
OpenSuse because gpg is just a symlink to gpg2.  But the real
line should be:
$ echo "test" | gpg2 -ase -r 0xMYKEYID | gpg2
It doesn't matter because both work.  The first may NOT work
if you don't have a symlink of gpg pointing to gpg2. You get a
pinentry window!  So I hastily set it to require a pass-phrase
again.  Like I said, contents of the ~/.gnupg folder on both
systems are identical except for different random_seed files.
Will this work-around work for other versions of Linux that
use gpg2 and a pinentry?  I don't know. Is it a good idea to
have it set for no pass-phrase required to sign a file with
OpenPGP?  I don't think so.  It is NOT a good idea to do it
without at least three warnings before it accepts the change
and it being mandatory that you have to click / alter it to
do it that way in the pinentry. Why did it do a no-phrase
this time around and the first time it didn't do it that way?
Again I don't know but the last time I upgreaded from 11.2 to
11.4. This time I installed 11.4 fresh. That may have made
the difference.
I am giving this in the hopes that if anybody else has a
similar no pass-phrase required problem that it will help
I really don't like the pinentry way becase I still haven't
figured out a work-around for encrypting files from an
xterm with my scripts.  Yes, I set both BASH ways of
keeping the history to no history in the scripts:
The pass-phrase is now required for signing.
Au Revoir

@_date: 2013-04-29 13:41:59
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: gpgee operation failed 
Has the key expired?  I notice you have three files selected
and am wondering why you haven't zipped them and then
encrypted the zip but that is (or should not be) an issue.
I will try it to see what happens.

@_date: 2013-04-29 15:34:23
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: gpgee operation failed 
Are you saing it used to encrypt but stopped encrypting before you
installed the GPG4Win 1.14 again?
Oops.  I should not have spoke up so fast.  I didn't have time to
load GPG4Win, 7-Zip, Firefox, and a lot of other stuff for Windows.
Even worse I haven't had time to tame Windows Explorer to show some
folders. extensions, use lists, etc.  I have that partially done now.
1.1.4 is pretty old and the new GPG4Win 2.10 has worked just
fine for me on both Windows XP Home / Pro and now on Windows
7 Pro (remember, I just installed it, Firefox, and 7-Zip).
Your pictures shows that the validity of the key is unknown.
Have you signed it? But the way you said things sounded like
it was working that way (it should).
I just loaded GPG4Win 2.10 on Windows 7 Pro.  I could not see
where it put things so I generated dummy keys to find the
location.  I found them here:
I deleted the files (keeping random_seed) and then copied my files
from Linux (w/o random_seed) into the folder. I have 32 bit LE
throughout, although Linux is set up with PAE so I can exceed the
3 GB memory barrier. GPG4Win 2.10 uses the newer gpgex and
Kleopatra.  Encrypting the file was easy though.  All I had to do
1. Right click on a Firefox.txt file in Windows Explorer
2. Select encrypt from GPG4Win menu
3. Select a proper recipient (I picked me)
4. Let it encrypt it.
I moved the encrypted file onto a flash drive and decrypted it
on another Linux system.  It decrypted fine with me supplying
my pass-phrase.  I tried an additional test of another recipient
and it could NOT be decrypted which is to be expected.  I don't
have their private keys or know their pass-phrase.
I am trying to think of what could be going wrong.  When you
installed the program again did you still have your exisiting
keys?  You should.  I have upgraded through several versions
of GPG4Win with no problems.  In fact I haven't had any problems
at all on Windows.  Encrypting on OpenSuse 11.4 via GPG
(symmetric or public key) may be impossible.  I now use 7-Zip
with it's bundled AES-128 for symmetric encryption on OpenSuse
and to transfer files back and forth with another Linux system.
Unless it is a damaged key-ring (in which case, why could you see
anything?) I see no reason why you can not just upgrade to
GPG4WIN 2.10 and go from there:
You have ALL the information including where you may need to
move your keys if you have moved from Windows XP to Windows 7.
Hopefully you don't have Vista.  If you do I don't know
where the files go if you have to move / copy them.

@_date: 2013-04-29 17:48:48
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: OpenSuse 11.4 - OOPS! 
Correction.  My signfile script makes detached signatures
with no problems, the pcrypt script makes public encrypted
files with no problems, and the decrypt script decrypts the
publicly encrypted files with no problems on OpenSuse 11.4.
Here is what gets printed in the xterm when I try to do a
a symmetric cipher:
gpg: problem with the agent: Bad CA certificate
But despite the message it DOES do a symmetrice encrypion.
Here is where the scripts are:
And here all this time I thought the symmetric encryption
was failing.  I don't get an error on decryption.

@_date: 2013-04-29 21:29:58
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: random_seed - no locks available 
Note that random_seed is opened RDONLY.  The lock is just for
reading and it is non-blocking.  Why it should be there at
all when you are really locking nothing (len=0) is a bit of
a mystery.  The length was probably set from a file stat.
There are basically three reasons for errno to be set to ENOLCK:
1. You are out of lock table space (most likely).  Closing down
   everything and then rebooting is perhaps the best way to
   return sanity to the world.
2. You have too many segment lockdowns.  What segements?
   Notice that the length is zero.
3. Something like an NFS system problem.  That probably is not
   applicable.
If you want to test for the first this may or may not work
since I am almost asleep and am REALLY rusty on my use of
fcntl for file locking:
Pick your own zip poisoning.  If you get lucky and the program
tells you that you have a locking problem then you are probably
out of available file locks.
In any case I don't know what work-around gnugpg 2.0.14 has for
this particular case or if it has one.  It probably does have
a work-around.
Do you still have the old random_seed file?  If so, after
rebooting I would put it back in place and make sure it has
the proper permissions.  The Read flags and eXecute flag on
the directory are probably okay since you can open the file
for reading.   Just make the sure the Write flags are also
set.  If one of the write permisions is turned off that could
explain a zero length file.
$ cd
$ umask
$ ls -al | grep gnupg
drwx------  3 USER_NAME GROUP_NAME    4096 Apr 29 19:32 .gnupg
$ cd .gnupg
$ ls -l random_seed
-rw------- 1 USER_NAME GROUP_NAME 600 Apr 29 16:59 random_seed
My bet is your lock table space is filled up so closing down and
rebooting with your old random_seed file set to the proper
permissions will cure the problem.
NAP TIME!

@_date: 2013-08-02 15:32:52
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: best practice for handing over the private key 
I don't know if that is what John meant but this makes me far happier.
I was concerned about the secret (private) key which I assumed you
were creating via either a --export-secret-subkeys or a
--export-secret-keys was being sent en-transit unencrypted.  But
the way you just said it here sounds optimal in protecting the secret
key en-transit.
If he wants only the secret / public  key pair (does not want a
personal key pair), the encryption and zipping of the secret key
for en-transit could be done with 7-zip's AES-128 cipher which avoids
a chicken versus egg problem and still gives some measure of securing
the secret key en-transit:
Send the password for the zip separately and preferably after the
secret key is sent.  If you send the keys in snail mail on a USB stick
use something a little sturdier than an envelope like a small box
with foam peanut shipping padding.
Wait a little longer than you think is necessary before deleting the
secret (private) key just in case something goes wrong.
But the way you just said it sounds best to me.

@_date: 2013-08-05 06:13:17
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: [#INN-651-31269]: Re: key management & APG 
That doesn't seem likely given the first message was ostensibly
to Philipp Klaus Krause,  The second was to Simon Ward. The
third was to Hauke Laging.  Why would all three be using their
service and leaving it in a bad setting (still possible)?
I could go into more detail on the other possible causes but
won't because they are just that - just POSSIBLE causes.  All
I have are Microsoft Exchange headers which are not very
informative.  I will point to one which is that it is the
same thing as what took down PhishTank's mailing list for
at least a whiile.  I wouldn't know because my efforts to
get most of the spam links and didn't have malware link
in the URLs was successful.  But Phishtank use (used) an
exim list mailer as well.  I won't go into any more details
than that.

@_date: 2013-08-05 07:54:39
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Team Speak USA Test 
It looks like the initial guess (not my guess) is correct as my
test shows (message from TeamSpeaK USA to me)
Setting up a system like this which can spam a mailing list is
an abuse.  Whether it is accidental or intentional remains to be
seen.  It may be wise to not send until the spam issue can be

@_date: 2013-08-05 10:47:55
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: [#INN-651-31269]: Re: key management & APG 
Then it is malevolent by somebody.  I am bcc'ing this
message to teamspeak's technical contact.  I suspect
somebody is doing it deliberately now.

@_date: 2013-08-06 02:28:55
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: [#JYM-378-41570]: Re: Why trust any software? 
I guess you deleted all of my other messages.  ANYBODY WHO POSTS
ANYTHING TO THIS MAILING LIST IS GOING TO GET THIS UNLESS IT IS
FIXED.  I have done some preliminary studies and the messages are
posted here:
Look at the ones that start with "TeamSpeak".  If the problem cannot be
fixed or won't be fixed, the gnupg-usersGNATgnupg.org will have the
very same problems the phishtank-dev list.  What happened there is that
the phishtank-dev list had to be closed.  I assume the same thing is
going to happen here.  YOU DO NOT MONITOR THE SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM!
If you can identify what the problem is and can remove it then you
KILL THE PROBLEM.  If you don't you have to shut down.
I received no comment from TeamSpeak's technical person so I am going
to be blocking ALL of their hosts in my blocking hosts file.  I have
no other choice.  You don't listen to your attorney saying to not say
anything if you are the victime.  You cure the problem.  They didn't
reply so I have no choice.

@_date: 2013-08-06 12:52:54
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Identifying your private key by the public KeyID 
Are you speaking of the sub key?   From the perspective of
gpg --list-keys and gpg --list-secret-keys the public and
private side have the same key number.  Usually the first
of a two key pair is defined as sec/pub with the two
matching.  The first key is for sighing.  The second key is
for enciphering and is specified as ssb/sub but still has the
same key number in both --list-keys and list--secret-keys.
Beyond that I will let somebody else elaborate.  You put
just your main key in the ~/.gnupg/gpg.conf file on Linux
and everything just works.  Ditto for selecting it on
Windows.  E/g.:
pub   2048R/E05A9F9F 2013-08-06 [expires: 2015-08-06]
uid                  Henry Hertz Hobbit (test) sub   2048R/051516A5 2013-08-06 [expires: 2015-08-06]
You just use the E05A9F9F and now this temporary key
is going away.
Regarding the efforts of the autoresponder, TeamSpeak
didn't do it.  Here are their replies to me with the
full message with headers and just the message itself:
(it is best done this way rather than forwarding since
you get the prime copy)
If the monitoring was for a certain organixation it
shouldn't have been done at all.  All it did was pose
a significantly larger burden for TeamSpeak getting rid
of the garbage.  How did they get there address added?
Some little hackers used the technique PeskySpammer uses.
PeskySpammer is NOT a generic term but refers to a group
of spammers that fill one of my email queues with about
100 spam messages per day but it has gone as high as a
thousand per day:
(search for MX)
(see Mail Admin section)
During this brief time of the gnupg-users problems I have had
three malware shipped to me.  They have to infect their SMTP
servers which are just Microsoft Windows PCs.
Next time, don't monitor.  If it is for a certain organization
I don't want to hear another one of their hacker workers
complaining that I don't deserve the car when I walk past them.
If you don't know what that means the day will come when you do
understand and I foiled their effort to give me a car.  If you
can stop the bounces caused by the spammers, next time stop it
Even madder than you are about the spam situation!

@_date: 2013-08-07 17:15:22
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: [#JYM-378-41570]: Re: Why trust any software? 
SKIP TO TEAMSPEAK OR SPECIFIC.
Actually, even "postmaster" is no longer required.  There are too
many domains like the one I am using right now that doesn't even
have anything but one email address (no http, ftp, or anything
else) so the postmaster requirement was dropped.  The postmaster
requirement made sense in the days of bigger domains and a less
fierce spam problem.  Now most companies are behind firewalls.
They may have "info", "hostmaster", "webmaster" or something
like "Domain.Administrator".  Actually, due to the same thing
you just had in this list, spam, many now have only a web-form
input with a captcha for abuse and other purposes.  The spam
problem promises to get only worse exponentially.  IMHO, SMTP
needs be replaced by SSMTP where a secure cryptographic token
is required.  I don't know if most mail servers can do the
lookup of MX, then the IP addresses for the MX servers, and
then dropping the message if the sending IP address does not
match one of the mail server IP addresses.  IPv6 makes things
WORSE, not better.  Bernstein's qmail can handle IPv4 but only
if the volume is low. I know people using sendmail (have had
it hacked at least three times) because qmail even without
the extra burden isn't fast enough.
The US Senate and US House of Representatives have used nothing
but a web-form for what seems like at least ten years with a
captcha.  Their captcha probably needs to be upgraded.
PeskySpammer (my name for a specific organization that gave me
yet another piece of malware this morning that only 1 out of 46
AV at VirusTotal.com detecting at the start) regularly shoves in
about 100+ email messages per day into my other account.  What
sends the messages?  Hacked Windows PC machines that have a
half (send-only) SMTP server dropped onto them.  They attach
directly to the receiving mail servers, bypassing an outbound
SMTP server.  PeskySpammer can do as bad to me as 1000+ messages
per day with dumb mail servers continuing the practice of
bouncing rather than dropping bogus email.  If their bouncing
mail servers strip the URLs and malware attaqchments I am
left with nothing since you don't have the originating IP from
a bounce.  My domain didn't send the message so why tell me?
TeamSpeak didn't cause the problems.  I reformatted the mail
message they sent to me by changing one portion of the email
addresses in an attempt to prevent bot harvesting of the
email addresses and reformatting the FromTeamSpeakMsg.txt
file to make it more readable:
TeamSpeak had hundreds of list servers like gnupg-users
that were pelting TeamSpeak with useless requests.  Maybe
it is time for somebody with 7mm Remington Magnum instead
of what we are doing.  Mine was sighted in to go up through
the line of sight at a little over 100 meters and then
come back down at about 350 meters.  I could shoot five
shot groups in the size of a dime at 100 meters and
shooting one kilometer was not only possible but done
regularly - target barrel on a pre 1964 Winchester
Model 70 long bolt action.  8x - 16X scope but better
scopes are now available (mostly on the .50 caliber
sniper rifles that can almost go through an engine block).
The hackers have create the equivalent of the old west
(or old east in Russia) with no rules.  Naybe it is
time to retaliate.  Anonymous, I don't expect you to
apologize and any tears you have will be just crocodile
gnupg-users was probably abused in the same way that
PeskySpammer is abusing things with SMTP servers that
forges the header.  Better real SMTP servers like postfix
and qmail or hand-crafted SMTP servers preserve the IPv4
address.  Microsoft Exchange does a LOUSY job of preserving
the IPv4 address.  The transition to IPv6 is going to make
things worse.
Your old postmaster days are gone forever.  Actually,
I think they mostly disappeared before the 21st century
started.  But my thousand messages a day made a very
good admin at a University raise his eyebrows in surprise.
Special SMTP servers with a send only design that can be
dropped into place on a Microsoft Windows machine  have
completely changed the spam equation.  List servers need
a first step web-form with captcha to curtail this abuse
which is just going to get infinitely worse.  So don't
blame TeamSpeak for the problems.  Blame the hackers who
are anarchists who want to make things exponentially worse
for everybody else and are selfish and care only about

@_date: 2013-08-09 03:37:47
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Question about notations and domains 
(please read the original)
Short answer:  Your github URL converted into an email
address is NOT a good solution.  Read on if you want to
know why.
It is not necessary to "own" the domain.  For example, I could
perhaps have an email account at physics.arizona.edu (they
make great telescope optics).  There was a joke about a head
coach here in the United States being able to come up to a
potential recruit and say "Coach Jared Grasso, Iona College."
To which the potential recruit would reply as he was shaking
the coach's hand; "YOU DO!?" Even though you don't own the
educational institution you do own an email address there if
one is given to you.  It is yours as long as they let you have
Similarly, if you have an email address at a company you work
at, even though the company may say they own the email box
contents, the address is "yours" at least to use until you
move on to some place else.
The first reason one of your UIDs needs an email address only
you use is to make the keys (assuming a primary signing key
and an enciphering sub key but there are many other options)
"yours".  It is also helpful to have a comment for that
UID with an email address to help persuade others to sign your
keys for the WOT. It also makes it even harder for somebody
to typo-squat on your key-set (key-pair for me).  If you put
your public keys on one of the keyservers about the only way
others can get your key(s) is if at least one of your UIDs has
an email address.  The email address is used to find your key
as well as providing partial authentication that you got the
right key.  This is especially true for web key search tools:
(real names and even the shortened key ID come up blank
for me but email addresses never fail)
In addition to your primary UID which has an email address you
can add as many UIDs as you need.  Make sure you really need
the UIDs. There should not be a problem in making one of the
other UIDs without an email address that has only your name
in the name field and your github URL in the comment field.  I
have many keys on my key-ring that in addition to one or more
UIDs with email addresses have some additional UIDs with just
their name and the Comment field filled in.  So making an extra
UID with your name, no email address, and your github URL in
the comment field is probably the best way to do what I THINK
you are attempting to do.  Are you saying that strange email
address created from your github ID makes it possible for
people to send you a message from POP or web-mail similar
to sending an SMS message to a cell phone?  If it works you
may want to add it but you still should have a UID for your
key-set that has a "real" email address.  (I answer why in
a separate paragraph).
It is much easier and less expensive to own your own domain
and a POP email account than you would expect.  The domain and
POP email account I am using here is less than $30 per year
at 1and1.com.  GoDaddy and others can also set you up.  Your
first and last name run together "khelbenblackstaff" is
available in the BIZ, COM, INFO, NET, and ORG TLDs.  If you are
in the US, "khelbenblackstaff.us" is also available.  So
getting a POP email account is in reach.  It is also something
you can have that is consistent and stays with you from school
to school and job to job as well as many changes in your
physical address and even across multiple ISPs.  If you get an
email account with a mail provider that is using Microsoft
Exchange make sure you write EVERYTHING down.  Others send to
you with the traditional NAME at DOMAIN but you usually access the
POP email in Thunderbird or another MUA by using the internal
Microsoft Exchange name your mail service provider will give
you. E.g,. instead of using hhhobbit[GNAT]securemecca.net I
use m-MYHASHID to access the email for this account.  I also
have to use the m-MYHASHID in the web-mail interface.
I will let others answer your questions about "converting" your
github URL to an email address.  I don't think too much of it
because another reason for a "real" email address is so they
can email you an enciphered message and ask "is this key
yours?"  They enciphered with your public key.  If you don't
have the secret (private) side of the key then you cannot
decipher the message.  If you don't answer the sender gets
paranoid and decides the key is bogus. Can you handle an
enciphered message with that github id converted into an
email address?  I don't think so.  NOW you know why I don't
like that strange github derived email address.
I have taken up WAY too much space in an attempt to give the
greatest clarity.  I will let somebody else answer your pgpmime
question.  All I know is that Enigmail in Thunderbird makes it
explicit with an "use PGP/MIME" check box.  It works.  So does
Claws Mail on Windows which is bundled with GPG4Win.  I cannot
advise using any MUA (Mail User Agent - Thunderbird, Office,
Claws Mail, etc.) that renders HTML.  I am getting one malware
per day in my email but since I use Thunderbird, NOT phish or
spear phish fools me even when I am sick and almost asleep.
Enigmail in Thunderbird seamlessly integrates GnuPG encryption
as well.  Ditto for Claws Mail.  I strongly discourage using
Microsoft Office.  Even RSA and other companies get whacked
by spear-phish when they use Microsort Office to read email.

@_date: 2013-08-12 12:04:32
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: How to create new keyring from an existing key in an existing 
Assumes /etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d exists and is a folder (good
assumption for Debian based, not so good for RPM based) and
that the ordinary user can write a file in the folder (bad
assumption even if your flavor is Debian-esque) with no
changes made.  On Debian-esque you may need to do a:
# chmod 1777 /etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d
then the above command, then:
# chmod 755 /etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d
Does that get you what you want?  Is the "meat" some sort of
comment that adrelanos will be dead meat?  The command is
elegant though.

@_date: 2013-08-12 16:34:58
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: understanding GnuPG "--clearsign" option 
GnuPG does much more than just the Radix-64 encoding with the
$ gpg --default-key MINE --output list.asc \
 --clearsign list.txt
By that I mean gpg/gpg2 doesn't just do a base64 conversion but also
does other magic stuff.  You can stop reading now.
The UID and other things are stored in the string which is usually
more than one line long between the BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE and
END PGP SIGNATURE.  But I am puzzled how you did this part.  If
I copy the now clear signed list.txt to a justsig.txt file and
edit out all but the hash I get a warning.  Actually I get a
warning no matter what content is in the justsig.txt file from
the base file:
$ base64 -d < justsig.asc > list.bin
base64: invalid input
The list.bin file has zero length unless you use nothing but the
hash which is the normal way base64 works for email attachments.
In any event, list.bin created with just the hash has no known
file type that magic understands. e.g.:
$ file list.bin
list.bin: data
$ ls -l list.bin
287 list.bin
Like I said, if you use anything BUT just the hash, list.bin
will contain nothing (zero bytes).  But I will ALWAYS get the
"invalid input" meaning it is something base64 does NOT understand.
Is this what you did to get a non-zero length file via base64 -d
from a --clearsign file?
It uses the hash in the preferred order of what is associated
with the key used and what the the version of OpenPGP you are
using is capable of handling.  That for me is SHA-256 since that
is my first choice and my version of gpg can handle it.  SHA1
is usually the default unless you set your preferences to
something else since it is still difficult to do a brute
attack on SHA1 (but it can be done):
The hash is created based on the text as input using the private
side of the key and then ASCII armored in such a way that when
you verify it finds the appropriate public key based on the
hash and does the other hash calculation of the text and
see if it matches.  In any event, the markers of --clearsign
make it clear that only an OpenPGP compliant program can handle
it.  The MIME markines are used by email to determine what
handles it since a --clearsign is what you need to make the
signature something you can send in email but it can be
used for other purposes.  It is just that you can NOT send
a non-ASCII signature directly in email without it being
converted to ASCII first.  There are other uses of
-clearsign like when you what the signature and the
file contents together.
base64, the older uuencode and uudecode and similar
programs do nothing more than convert a binary file like
a zip file into ASCII text so the zip file can be sent as an
email attachment.  Send a message to yourself in email with
a test.zip attachment. Save the entire message to a file
(for Thunderbird you will have an *.eml file).  Assuming the
file was named test.eml and the attachment was test.zip:
$ cp test.eml test.base64
Edit the test.base64 file so it has only the hashed material
and note the zip name (assuming test.zip was what you
attached and sent).  Also note that it uses base64
as the type in the "Content-Transfer-Encoding:" if that is
what your email used (it usually is).
$ base64 -i -d < test.base64 > test,zip
$ file test.zip
test.zip: Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract
$ unzip test.zip
$ cat test.txt
Hello World
GnuPG does much more than just the Radix-64 binary to
ASCII conversion and only gpg or gpg2 can handle it.
Use base64 only if it is specified in the MIME
markings (the latest malware from PeskySpammer here):
 name="Tax Notices Report.zip"

@_date: 2013-08-14 09:55:41
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: self signed keys 
Hash: SHA256
There is no such requirement.  Your own keys are trusted
automatically with ultimate trust when you create them.  You
can stop reading now.
It is basically a requirement for any key to be signed to be
able to use it in any meaningful way.  If it isn't signed and
given some sort of level of trust it cannot be used to verify
either a clear-sign or detached-signature.  I never thought
about attempting to encipher using PK enciphering using
somebody else's public key without signing it but look at
RFC 4880 for what it says about that.  It is just that signing
and verifying is what I do most.  No trust for a key means no
way to have meaningful verification.
You do not not need to sign your own key.  The reason why is
because when you generate your key, it has an entry for it
that is automatically added to the trustdb with ULTIMATE trust.
If it wasn't this way then you would have a chicken versus egg
problem.  You couldn't sign or lsign anybody else's key
using your private / secret key because your own key wasn't
trusted.  But if you try to sign your own key with your own
key ... you can't.  You need a key with ultimate trust to be
used to sign other keys with varying levels of trust in that
key.  So your own keys automatically have ultimate trust when
they are created.
If you cannot trust yourself to be yourself then maybe you have
MPD and need an eminent brain specialist's help.  Either that
or you need to generate your revocation and revoke your keys.
But that is more of a statement that you think somebody may have
your keys + pass-phrase than something about yourself.

@_date: 2013-08-14 10:06:59
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Can I create domain keys? 
I am not saying you are wrong because I don't know. But it does
seem dangerous from a real world practical point of view.
Should I really be able to send a message pretending to come
from herrprofessor when I am really just a visitor
to the University being awarded an Honery degree?  Part of that
was being given a hhhobbit at monsters.edu email account since
all people granted a Ph.D. are also given an email account that
they can use until they are dead unless they ask that it be
closed down.
BTW, it is really monsters.com, not monsters.edu.

@_date: 2013-08-15 02:46:20
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Can I create domain keys? 
As I pointed out before with my example using monsters.edu,
making a wildcard email for a domain is fraught with abuse
peril to the maximum.  How many users do you need to include
at a given domain?  If somebody asked me to sign such a
key as part of the WOT I wouldn't sign it.  OTOH, if you have
a half dozen or so email addresses at that domain you can add
a UID for each and every one of the email addresses to your
key.  There will be more on those email addresses in a moment.
But I would ask questions why you need so many email addresses
at the same domain for a given key.  Any more than 2-3 email
addresses would be very suspicious.
I hope you cannot do it.  If I was writing the code you would
need something that had a valid TLD on the end and valid
alpha-numeric and optional one "-" at time for the hostname.
In front of the  you should only be able to have user
names that are alphanumeric with what ever other characters
(thinking of other character sets for other languages) but
SOMETHING has to be there for the user at that domain.
I don't think you have thought this through carefully though.
I realize some people stupidly put all of their email accounts
into one folder in Thunderbird.  NOT ME!  Each email account
gets its own separate set of folders and I have Local Folders
which accept no email so I can move email messages from the
account folders into the Local area if I need to save those
messages.  If you have a half dozen POP/IMAP email accounts,
not giving each email account its own set of folders can
complicate things terribly with no end of the confusion in
sight.  Even with just two email accounts things can get
complicated in a hurry.  What do you do if one of the email
accounts is closed down?  I just delete that set of folders.
Now we come to Enigmail.  If you use the separate email accounts
the way I said you should, you can actually have multiple keys
for all of the email addresses.  The reason why is Enigmail in
Thunderbird provides a way to specify it manually for each and
every email account:
You cannot see it but I add a UID for every email account
I am going to use with my key and then just let Enigmail find
the appropriate key for the email address.  I could also
do it with a one key fits all with a default-key in the
gpg.conf file.  But how are you going to say use only this
key with ALL of my email accounts in Enigmail if you don't
have specific email folders but dump all of them in one
common folder?
You also could investigate a group names to resolve the problems
you will have.  But this is getting so scary with so many email
addresses I am beginning to believe you will have a goulash mess
in just Thunderbird alone without adding Enigmail to the mix.
A wise man once said: "Make every system as simple as possible
but no simpler."  I may contend his saying that gravity is not
a force at all but just a warping of the time-space curve may
be a little bit too simple.  But saying gravity isn't a force
(if gravity isn't a force why is almost every galaxy a spiral?)
or me saying it may still be a force and the discussions thereof
are simple compared to what you are attempting to do.  In fact
what you are attempting to do is giving me a class A migraine
headache.  Who was the man that made the statement about how
systems should not be too complex?  Albert Einstein.  If you are
smarter than him flail away.
My low IQ is now going to be involved in watching the NOVS program
on a member of the Cephalopod family called the Cuttlefish and
after it a program on the new ALMA telescope system being created
on the Atacama plateau.  If I was really brilliant I would be one
of the technicians on-site keeping these telescopes working
proparly.  But I think either the Canary Islands or the big
Island of Hawaii would be nice places to be. I have lived most
of my life above 1500 meters so I can handle the altitude.  But
the Atacama in Chile is a really desolate piece of real estate.
I wonder how they handle the dust storms in a place that gets
less than 3 cm of rainfall per year>

@_date: 2013-08-16 23:31:31
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: No secret key on 1 file 
You are decrypting a public key enciphered file.  The
only way you can do that is you must have the secret key.
That is why Werner told you to list all of the secret keys
below.  Without that secret key you are not going to be
able to decipher the file.  By telling it to try all
of the secret keys it finally found the right secret
key to decipher the file.  gpg2 didn't see IDEA in
your choice of ciphers.
I should not want to see the IDEA cipher either, since
it is not in my preferences.  IDEA is an old archaic
cipher along with 3DES.  But note that I want 3DES only
as a last resort.  I will be much happier with the use of
TWOFISH or AES.  Paradoxically, at one time AES (also
called AES128) was actually stronger than AES256.  I
don't know if this is still the case but have no desire
to change my preferences.
You probably also have a key setup problem in gpg/gpg2.
I never was able to either use my GnuPG keys with PGP or
vice versa without an export of the secret key and import
and then a lot of twiddling with the trust levels and
other things to make them work. Let me show you what
happens with my secret key with a --edit-key (no
--verbose or -v which are the same thing):
What you have that is different than what I have is something
you want to look at as the possible cause of the problem.
I suspect you have a trust problem but gpg / gpg2 can
see that the 727A253D has a secret key available and
deciphered the file although gpg2 didn't like the use
of the IDEA cipher.
Now that I have said all of this I am not so sure that
what Werner said and how he said it isn't actually a lot
better.  What I am hoping is that contrasting what you
have (which is not working) with what I have (which does
work)  might help you.  Just do a "?" at the "Command> "
to get a list of things that can be done.  I think you
may need to change the trust level for your keys.
Start with Werner's commands below minus the verbose,
contrast with mine and then do the commands exactly
as Werner has given and go from there.  If you give
Werner the verbose output he can probably tell you
exactly what needs to be changed but you also may
see the debug information gives you all you need to

@_date: 2013-08-18 16:45:16
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Issue with --sign option 
Is this a Turing test?  I wrote a private reply to try
to find if that is what is happening.  I mean, is
"--sign" as opposed to "-sign" that hard to understand?
Here is what -sign chould probably mean:
-s  same as --sign
-i  same as --interactive
-g  NONSENSE
-n  same as --dry-run.
That is because -sign is the equivalent of -s -i -g -n.
My private reply was with the aim of convincing a human
being the right way to do things and that gpg & gpg2 do
the standard of a single dash means all the letters after
the single dash are combined options.  If you want all of
the characters being considered  a single atomic identity
then you precede them with a double dash.  A lot more detail
was added with an example to show how easy it is.

@_date: 2013-08-19 09:38:01
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Issue with --sign option 
I am supplying this so people know what I sent to
Ashish personally.  Will it help?  I don't know but I
hope so.  If you know everything there is to know about
how the optional arguments are handled on 'nix systems
you may want to delete this message.
I assume secmem and and any other things that are going
wrong are already in the archives some place.  Actually
the secmem messages are just bothersome and won't cause
any problems.
-------- Original Message --------
Reply-To: hhhobbit at securemecca.net
Of course it is invalid.  You do NOT use "-sign".  You use
single dashes only for single letter arguments.  The way you
have it with just a single dash the only valid interpretation
is that it considers it a short hand for "-s -i -g -n".  IOW,
here is what "-sign" could mean but it seems to be nonsense:
-s  (same as --sign)
-i  (same as --interactive to prevent overwriting files)
-g  NO SUCH OPTION - this is what it is complaining about?
-n  (same as --dry-run which means don't make any changes)
correction of what you are doing with a best guess.
gpg and gpg2 just use the standard way that all 'nix commands
are done.  If you want to do a sign, either use the short-hand
"-s" or "--sign" (NOTE THE DOUBLE DASHES) which are equivalent.
If you want a sequence of letters to be an atomic unit to a
command on 'nix systems, then you always precede them with a
double dash rather than a single dash.  Example: these commands
for ls  do the same thing:
$ ls -lF
$ ls -l -F
But even ls has double dash atomic multi-character options
with these being just some of them:
--ignore-backups  (chops off files ending with ~)
--color=never  (I do not like color in ls)
(STYLE could be iso for example to chop off the year)
gpg or gpg2 are doing the same thing as ls and all other
GOOD 'nix commands do as the man pages show:
We expected you to know this before you used gpg on a 'nix
system since it is the way ALL of the commands work on 'nix
systems if they are doing it the standard way (there are
some commands that are not standard which makes you think
it must be an English thing - the exceptions to the rules).
Get somebody else to translate this for you if English and
'nix commands are not your native languages.  That is
especially true for the 'nix commands since that seems to be
what is wrong here.  Also, just use the files where they are
at.  An example is me signing the file gnats.txt in /tmp.
An actual sample usage should be highly instructive:
$ cd /tmp
# the next line has the same meaning as the line after it
# gpg --default-key C83946F0 -s gnats.txt
$ gpg --default-key C83946F0 --sign gnats.txt
# I have to type my key passphrase here
$ gpg --verify gnats.txt.sig
gpg: Signature made Sun 18 Aug 2013 02:53:09 PM UTC using RSA key ID
gpg: Good signature from "Henry Hertz Hobbit "
gpg:                 aka "Henry Hertz Hobbit "
The point is that both gnats.txt and gnats.txt.gpg are NOT in
my ~/.gnupg key-ring folder but in /tmp.  Unless you need the output
files some place else you should just put them in the current folder
as where the base file is.  For --clearsign you may want the output
file to be some place else since it modifies the base file.  But
I suggest some place like ~/tmp (be sure to create the folder first).
Why did I use /tmp?  That is where the file gnats.txt file is and
it will remain there until the machine reboots and /tmp is completely
Comprendez vous, n'est-pas?
PS  And here I thought you may have been referring to the secmem
    warning.  You have at least two methods for getting rid of
    of the secmem warnings.  One thing at a time.

@_date: 2013-08-21 12:30:52
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: need help for GPG 1.2.1 binary for REHL 5.8 
I wish you more knowledgeable people would answer first.
I can not speak for Peter Lebbing but I believe there is a way
you can test this if you have two spare Linux machines and
something (your iHub?) with an existing 1.2.1 GnuPG on it.  You
want something with the 1.2.1 that you can control it manually.
This is sort of similar to what you do in creating a network on
a test rack before you roll it out.
1. Machine 1 - your old system
Backup the ~/.gnupg folder on the existing system with the
older gpg 1.2.1.  I have this desire to be able to put things
right back the way they were.  You will be adding a key you will
not keep.  Generate the public keys as usual for import on
machine 2.
2. Machine 2 - Linux system with the latest 1.X GnuPG on it.
Create dummy new keys on this system.  Import the public keys
exported from machine 1.  lsign them or sign them as desired.
Export the public side of your secret keys on this system and
import them onto machine 1 and lsign them there.  Note that
you CAN have pre-existing key-ring on this system.  If you
don't want to use its keys in the test do:
Do some tests of PK enciphering on machine 1 and deciphering on
machine 2 and then enciphering on machine 2 and then deciphering
on machine 1.  If these work your battle is almost over in seeing
whether it works or not.
3. Machine 3 - new Linux system with the latest 1.x GnuPG on it.
Again like machine 2 if you have a pre-existing ~/.gnupg you
won't be using it so set aside for a while:
Somehow copy that gnupg.tar file from machine 1 onto this system
and untar it into the user you are using's top level folder.
Be sure to delete the ~/,gnupg/random_seed file to force it to
create a new random_seed file.  Import the public keys from
machine 2 and lsign just the way you did before.
Now do some tests of PK enciphering on machine 2 and deciphering
on machine 3 and vice-versa.  I don't know whether these scripts
will make things faster or not. Put them in ~/bin and make sure
you change the key number to yours:
Once the tests are all done you can put things back the way
they were:
Machine 1:
Machine 2::
Machine 3:
If all the enciphering and deciphering tests work you almost
invariably won't have any problems.  But these tests will give
you a fairly good feel for it before you dive in.  Just don't
take the machine with GnuPG 1.2.1 down just yet.  The tests
wtth machine 3 can give you a pretty good idea of whether or
not you can just keep on using your current keys on the new
system with a newer version of GnuPG.  I do know I have continued
using keys generated with an older 1.x version with subsequent
newer versions with no problems.  That rather than the PK
enciphering and deciphering with different versions MAY be more
of a problem than enciphering / deciphering and signing using
the old keys created with an older version of GnuPG
No conference call with me is necessary.  You may want one with
Peter.  Depending on whether the GMT line is to the east of you
and the International Date Line is to the west of you or vice
versa we may not even be on the same day.  Now you know why so
many militaries shifted to using Zulu time in World War II.
Better safe than sorry.  You take even greater precautions with
creating networks and can still have a disaster so there you
need a way back to what you had.  IOW, what I did here was just
the test rack.  But by just doing it you will get a pretty good
feel for whether you will have problems or not.

@_date: 2013-08-22 21:06:11
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Why trust gpg4win? 
That is why the binaries that are built for you are done by at
least three people and they have to match (diff -b or my hexcmp
spit out nothing and return 0).  That was supposed to handle
the possibility of poison build tools.  If you are that
concerened, disassemble but only programmers that have worked
with assembler code will know what to do with it.  That includes
me but I think we are getting rarer all the time.  But the code
is also getting larger all the time making study of the assembler
code more difficult.
If you ask me, gpg4win was ready for prime time a long time ago.
I haven't finished it but here it is:
If you don't think it is a problem, three of my relatives Windows
OS computers got infected with two of them being in the last two
weeks.  "We like Chrome!"  I like Firefox not for the browser
itself but because NoScript can be slapped onto Firefox.  There
went over 75% of the malware threats from web-sites.  The main
problem after that is PEBKAC - Let me scan your machine - okay.
Since Phil Zimmerman refused to allow government back end hooks
and almost went to jail for it and all kinds of efforts are made
to give a product that can be trusted, then you have to look at
the people.  Well read the comments of the many people like
Werner Koch, David Shaw, Robert Hansen and others reassures me.
They are always concerned about the security of GPG, and GPG4Win.
I don't even worry about that end because they have never said
anything that raises red flags in me.  Now if they said that
NoScript is useles ...
My trust in GPG4Win is entirely predicated on whether the OS
(this is individual) is safe enough.  The NSA didn't use back
end hooks to take down a hacker selling stolen credit card data.
They watched and got his machine infected with their malware.
They stole his key-ring, monitored his key-strokes with a logger,
and then uploaded all of his files. They deciphered the files
and at the right moment snagged him and dragged him off to
court.  Why didn't they use the back end hooks in GPG4Win?
Answer - the probability for back end hooks is very low.
GPG4Win is ready if the Windows system it is used on is ready.
I suspect well over 95% of the Windows OS that are being
considered for slapping GPG4Win on them aren't ready for
GPG4Win being installed on them.  Worry about that first.
GPG4Win is ready.  Windows users, are you?

@_date: 2013-08-24 03:37:39
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Serpent? 
Nippon Telegraph and Telephone developed the Camellia ciphers:
Advice is given that it is available for use in OpenPGP:
The reason that it is there is because somebody (most likely
the Japanese) wants it and even my semi-old Linux distros have
it in older versions of gpg1 and gpg2
$ gpg --version
gpg (GnuPG) 1.4.10
Cipher: 3DES, CAST5, BLOWFISH, AES, AES192, AES256, TWOFISH,
        CAMELLIA128, CAMELLIA192, CAMELLIA256
$ gpg --version
gpg (GnuPG) 2.0.16
libgcrypt 1.4.6
Cipher: 3DES, CAST5, BLOWFISH, AES, AES192, AES256, TWOFISH,
        CAMELLIA128, CAMELLIA192, CAMELLIA256
I updated my handy-dandy cheat-sheet for settings I got from
somebody else so you know their designations and can add them
into mix of ciphers with preference:
I will probably add Camellia-128 after TwoFish some place in
there among the AES ciphers and may even let it replace one of
them but will keep AES (AES-128).  So if you want to use one of
the Camllia ciphers use them in good health.
Let me know when Serpent is avaiable.

@_date: 2013-08-27 06:15:11
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Editing a key in GnuPG2 
I cannot help via the method that you are using but from the
command line (yeah, I know, cmd.exe sucks):
c:\> gpg --edit-key YOUR-KEY
Command> set pref H10 S7 Z3
Command> save
(note - you invariably have a pub/sec & sub/ssb key pair
which means you need to change both if you don't like the
You very rarely change the preferences and the desired way is
to make it a property of the key itself since what you are
really doing is telling others what your preferences are.  Others
can NOT see your gpg.conf file.  I believe you want to make some
of these attributes of the keys themselves.  By that I mean if
you want others to use CAMELLIA256 in sending you a PK enciphered
message then you need to tell them up front in the key properties
and put it first if you want it to be your s2k-cipher-algo first
choice.  You do that by changing the attributes of the keys
themselves.  If the key does not have that information the
sending party will probably use the default cipher which at one
time was CAST5 since your public key did not tell them what to
Your pub/sec and sub/ssb keys if you have a key pair both have
separate settings.  You can also have other sub-keys.  But since
I only have a pair I edit both the 2048R/C83946F0 and the
2048R/BDED6C8D and give them the same preference.  That is more
habit than anything else and you can configure each key with
a different set of preferences if that is what you want.  Just
be sure you use the correct key for the setting you are using.
Also remember that these settings are the advice you are giving
others in how you want things.  If you want CAMELLIA128 instead
of AES make it first.  If you don't set it you will get the
default which at one time was CAST5.
*** ALL BUT AVI CAN STOP READING HERE ***
SHA512 is fairly large. I used it for a while and dropped back
to SHA256.  It is just something for you to think about.  I
found that while SHA512 posed no burden for me it very likely
will cause problems for others.  Remember that GnuPG encryption
is avaiable for iPhone and iPhones don't have a really powerful
I assume you are using the Power Shell.  I don't think GPG4Win's
developers want your pass-phrase being captured by the Power
Shell's GUI.  The reason I gave my primitive srm program to
only Linux people (I tell Windows people to purchase a good
wipe program that has been around a long time so it doesn't
disappear completely on you):
was because for test after test when I over-wrote the file  on
Windows I  would find that most of it was not over-wrote at all.
It didn't matter whether I used Microsoft's tools or the little
free build system (it is no longer free).   Huge sections of the
file just didn't get over-written at all.  NOW I understand the
US DOD's multiple over-write requirements.  By contrast my srm
'nix version over-writes everything in just one pass but only
on 'nix systems.  I had the same program on Windows and finally
just threw it away and used a Windows wiper program.
But Microsoft has this nasty habit of keeping EVERYTHING.  That
was when I finally did a dd of several megabytes clear back with
W2K onto the start of the drive.  It prevented Microsoft from
SAVING that C:\ partition and building a D:\ system partition.
Now that dd wipes out low level start of disk root-kits when
cleaning is no longer possible.  Do NOT confuse that to mean
the dd erases all disk contents.  It just wipes out any vestige
of malware down in the bowels of the disk and makes an OS
install mandatory.
Windows kesps your last commands / programs started et al in
the registry and in general seems to have two to three backups
of EVERYTHING stashed away.  Just like me setting BASH to have
zero history when using gpg / gpg2 on Linux you don't want
ANYTHING keepng your key's pass-phrase ANYWHERE outside the
key itself other than gpg / gpg2 or the other gpg programs or
libraries (dll files).  Note the difference in my crypt
(symmetric cipher) and pcrypt (PK enciphering) scripts:
I allow for the shell possibility of reading a symmetric cipher
password to be used for all enciphered files (code commented out).
Just make sure you do NOT uses the password "BOGUS" or even
"bogus".  Either that or change the last value of the environment
variable PASSPHRASE to something you will never use.  I used
PASSPHRASE instead of PASSWORD because many programs will use
the PASSWORD environment variable.
I provide NO capability for the bash shell to get the pass-phrase
for the key in pcrypt even with zero history.  The same thing holds
for Windows.  You don't want Power Shell on Windows having your
key's pass-phrase any more than you want bash having it.
PS  I made my comment on the CAMELLIA ciphers AFTER doing some
    symmetric cipers with the crypt script.  They worked just
    fine so why not use the CAMELLIA ciphers if you want to?
    Which is best, CAMELLIA or AES?  I don't know and my first
    choice is TWOFISH.  Any of them are better than nothing.

@_date: 2013-08-29 20:12:21
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: GNUPG and Cast6 
Because there is no RFC for it in OpenPGP.  Unless there is an
RFC for it being in OpenPGP they won't put it there.  Here is
RFC advice on CAST6 (CAST-256):
Before you flail away at getting it added read this and follow
up by looking at the source links first:
CAST6 was passed over and wasn't one of the five AES finalists.
It is very unlikely that it will ever be included.  CAST5 was
included when very little else was available.  In reality CAST5
is probably more than adequate for my needs despite the fact
that I have TWOFISH as the preferred first choice.  The main
weakness of encryption is PEBKAC and I have more than my fair
share of the illness.  So I focus my attention for improvement

@_date: 2013-07-07 19:53:30
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: not recognizing my passphrase after moving from XP to Win7 
Where do you put them on Windows 7?  It is hard to see where
they are at for me but I just did a dummy key create on
Windows 7 and then copied all of my keys sans the
random_seed file over the newly created files  I cannot see
it right now on Linux due to all of the shortcuts not showing
up the same way with NTFS mounted RO on Linux.
You didn't say what email program you are using so I assume
Outlook which may or may not make a difference.
I don't have extensive testing but I copied my keys from 32 bit
Ubuntu to 32 bit OpenSuSE and Windows XP.  I just changed the
XP to Windows 7 but I am using 32 bit Windows 7.  I did the same
there but I do modify the random_seed file with hexedit for
each key-ring which some people object to.  From my point of
view that is far better than just having each key-ring having
the same random_seed file.  But for Windows 7 I just left the
newly created random_seed file in place but copied over all
the other files.  I have two systems with Windows 7 32 bit on
both of them (should have gone with 64 bit - no such thing
as PAE on Windows).
I don't think you can just copy for Windows XP 32 bit to
Windows 7 64 bit.  Is that what you have?  If it is what you
have you may need to do a export / import.  I can say I have
had no problems with my Windows 7 32 bit but I only ran one
test which was to verify a file with a detached signature
file.  I can do the following but I don't read email AT ALL
on Windows (I get lots of malware in my email - the wannabee
hackers think they can catch me off guard):
1. Encipher a file with my public key on Linux and decipher
   it on Windows.
2. Symmetrically encipher a file with the TWORISH cipher on
   Linux and decipher it on Windows.
3. Do the same as the previous two but do the ciphering on
   Windows and deciphering on Linux.
Let me know if it would help to do that (a personal message
would be fine).  After that I could stand by for some tests
using email by enciphering, signing and both.

@_date: 2013-07-08 04:30:32
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Do we need / want (or already have) a mascot for OpenPGP? 
There is no such critter.  There are naked-tailed, long-nosed,
and hairy Armadillos but no Masked Armadillo.  There is even a
Pink Fairy Armadillo (one of the rarer species of Armadillo).
What most people think of when you say Armadillo is the nine-
banded Armadillo which is Texas' small state animal which has
the widest range.
GnuPG already has an icon / emblem which you can see on the
GnuPG page which is a padlock with a wing on it.  I was one
of those privileged to be able to vote on the cempeting
designs.  I am sorry you missed out.
But I think the standard GNU mascot applies not only to
GnuPG but to all of the GNU projects such as gcc, g++, EMACS,
et al:
Until Werner, Richard Stallman and the other GNU people announce
a competition for a GnuPG mascot or say otherwise, the GNU is the
official GnuPG mascot.

@_date: 2013-07-11 14:23:03
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: not recognizing my passphrase after moving from XP to Win7 
I do NOT just copy it.  I hexedit it and randomly, not pseudo-randomly
replace some of the bytes (actually nibbles).  The reason why again
I when I omitted the random_seed file gnupg (1 or 2) would NOT just
create the file.  I imagine it would if I used the keys on Windows
for either signing or enciphering it may have created the random_seed
file but since I but I don't use them that way but only for verifying
detached signature files for what ever reason they never got created.
Whether you choose to believe my random chaging of nibbles in the
random_seed file (there is NO plan of what to change or even how
many and some of them may even get the same nibble with the change)
is up to you.  I am NOT telling this person to do the same thing.
In this case, since he copied the entire key ring I would advise
that he delete the random_seed file as a security measure.
But in the case of Windows 7 I didn't know where they keys should be
put so I created a dummy key after a GPG4WIN install.  After that
I copied over all of my files BUT the random_seed file in the
AppData\roaming\gnupg folder.

@_date: 2013-07-11 16:14:03
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: not recognizing my passphrase after moving from XP to Win7 
That is the correct folder.  I have no idea on what Windows
7 does with the Documents and Settings folder but I created
dummy keys and then replaced everything in that folder
except for the random_seed file (created when I createdd
the dummy keys) on Windows 7 for the administrative user
and me (yes, two accounts per each Windows 7 system).
They work.  I can create symmetric enciphered files,
public key enciphered files, and detached signatures files
and decipher, decipher, and verify respectively.
NO, but as Peter said you may have been better off NOT copying
the random_seed file even though I do change mine with hexedit
But for someone to say that I am simply not random they have
never saw my sleeping hours, trips to the store, etc.  I am
as about as random as you can get.  For somebody to say that
human beings are simply not random assumes the idea that all
human beings are alike which I can tell you is not true.  I
can attest to that as both a Psychologist and giving testimony
in a court of law and can tell you that none of the witnesses
experienced the exact same event in the same way.  Humans simply
do NOT see or experience the same event the same way.  Yet we
all assume that is the case.  I can also back that statement up
with my Psychology degree and years of experience with
experiments in perception and learning theory.  I can remember
that episode of MASH where the Ferret experienced events one way
and Hawkeye a completely different way.  Believe it or not
that is the norm, not the exception.  I can assure you I have
NO plan of what gets replaced in a random_seed file and I
certainly don't make the mistake of making sure I don't
replace a nibble with the very same thing. The replacements
are all over the file with no plans of how to move.  It is
pure serendipity.  The files may or may not get the same
changes but so far a hexcmp always gives me the first byte
that is different and it is never the same.  It is just as
random as any RNG.  Normally I use hexedit with two or more
malware that have the same size in a given time period.  I
have much more trust in hexcmp than even sha256sum to test
whether two files are the same or not.
There will be more on this in a separate post and it will
delve into even Physics of the large (galaxies) and the
small.  But the big point was GNUPG DID NOT CREATE A
random_seed FILE FOR ME ON WINDOWS SEVERAL YEARS BACK.
What is it using when it isn't there.
Since you are using the keys in only one place, e.g., you are
moving from Windows XP to Windows 7 permanently then there
may not be an issue with just copying random_seed.  I wouldn't
know.  My work-around below may make that a moot point anyway.
from my main password database app.
Somebody else just had an issue this way.  Resign all of YOUR
keys with the highest level of trust and see if that helps.
Yeah, I know.  It sounds dumb but there is a slim chance it
will work.  But if you cannot edit your keys because it does
not accept your pass-phrase I would say you are hosed and will
need to export everything that is yours (public, private and
trust) from Windows XP and then import them on Windows 7.
Note that I said you will almost HAVE to do that anyway if
your Windows XP is 32 bit and Windows 7 is  64 bit.  In that
case don't even dream of copying.  It won't work.
Be sure to wipe out your entire AppData\roaming\gnupg folder.
Then create dummy keys on Windows 7. Then import your keys and
trust on Windows 7 from the exports created on Windows XP.
Then edit your transferred keys and make sure they have the
highest level of trust.  Just make sure you are doing a self
sign (e.g., not signing them using the dummy key which you
may want to remove at this point but should do the instant
your keys start working again).
When you publicly encipher a file it doesn't ask for a password
So do one test using a symmetric cipher and then try to decipher
that file (remember to put the original some place else before
you decipher).  Hopefully you can decipher a symmetrically
enciphered file.  Then create a detached signature file since
you have to type your pass-phrase when you create a detached
signature file.
(there is also a file in there I use for creating
a cipher file using a symmetric cipher)
Translated into Window-speak in the cmd.exe window:
gpg --default-key YOUR_KEY_HERE --output test.txt.sig \
 --detach-sign test.txt
gpg --verify test.txt.sig
Sorry but Thunderbird wraps things for me so the back-slash
and CRLF should be replaced with NOTHING.  If that works
then then you will also have to re-import other people's
public keys and sign or lsign them depending on
what you did before.  You will also want to delete the
dummy key.

@_date: 2013-07-14 02:33:43
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: searching for keys 
I am going to give this from the perspective of somebody who has
handled way too much malware.
I question the legitimacy of the first in the first place since
it doesn't even have a WHOIS record for either sks-keyservers.net
or hkps.pool.sks-keyservers.net and the browser warns that the
certificate may not be legitimate.  Since I worked with lots of
malware, this would lead me to believe I was well into the red
zone.  The IP addresses are also a little unsetting as well:
005.009.142.114   (5.9.142.114)
005.135.166.171   (5.135.166.171)
080.241.060.003   (80.241.60.3)
084.215.015.221   (84.215.15.221)
094.142.241.093   (94.142.241.93)
131.155.141.070   (131.155.141.70)
176.009.051.079   (176.9.51.79)
192.146.137.011   (192.146.137.11)
But since it is a pool service it is really their baby and you
would probably best take it up with them.  I think they would
tell you that most people would prefer the redirect than going
without the key that they are searching for.  (OTHERS:  Please
speak up if you disagree with me.)  On the other hand if you
live in the FSA, er, the USA and are searching for the keys
of the human rights advocates sitting next to Edward Snowden
recently I can understand the concern.  I am not trying to
contact those human rights activists so I am not worrying
about that.  These other things are a little unsettling unless
you know the people running the pool key service personally.
But pool services probably should hand off queries to other
servers if they don't have the keys themselves.
PS  The search for my keys were all HTTPS but I drop my
    keys onto several servers and they propagate out nicely
    to most of the others in two weeks time.

@_date: 2013-07-16 16:37:26
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: encrypting multiple files into a single output file 
Ira, forget my question.  Just send a sample to Werner and Daniel
and you will probably  be in business real soon.  Depending on
the outcome of the experiments with one of your multiple file
archives my question was probably just answered.

@_date: 2013-07-18 20:23:10
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: GPG detection on Windows? 
Yes.  Just fire up regedit and search for gnupg (or maybe just gnu).
There are also the folder / files in:
You probably just want to test whether either of these files
are there since them or one of the others is what you are using:

@_date: 2013-07-25 22:38:24
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: PEBKAC (was GPG weakness) 
PEBKAC.  I went to Herr Professor's web-site and there was
nothing to verify the statement.  From now on do your own
checking before asking these questions.
Here is what most people did with Windows:
Used it out of the box as-is.  Should we turn off auto-run, the
infamous idea that made Stuxnet possible?  "Nooooooooooooooooo!"
Should we install Firefox plus Noscript?  "Noooooooooooooooooo!"
Should we stop reading POP email with email clients that render
HTML and use something like Thunderbird or another email client
that doesn't render HTML?  "Why do I want to use my dad's type
of email?  I use OutLook's web-mail most of the time anyway
doggone it!  I love those phish and make sure I click on the
links that infect my Windows system!"
Let's do all of these other things wrong and when we install
GnuPG, by all means we should NOT use an OpenPGP card instead
of the files.  After all, we want the hacker to not only get
the pass-phrase with their key-logger, we want them to get
the whole darn key-ring as well.  We have to take pity on the
poor hacker and help them.  What's the fun in there not being
any files except stubs on the file system saying the keys are
really on the OpenPGP card?  Oh no, we got hacked and instead
of cleaning up the machine and making it safer ahd then just
changing the pass-phrase (we used an OpenPGP card) out went our
entire key-ring with our keys given a life-time of forever
which now belongs to the hacker as well because we refused to
use an OpenPGP card.
BTW, most people now use iPhone instead.  They love Apple
tracking their every move and getting an ad to go to Joe's
Bistro because they are listed as being near the bistro based on
their iPhone giving out its geo-location information and Apple
giving that information because Joe's Bistro pays them to do
it and it is about lunch time anyway isn't it?
Finally, I have no doubt that this will be quoted as authoritative
by Wikipedia.  I have news for you.  In the olden days the
statement made at Technology Review without corroboration is
known as hear-say.  Hear-say is deemed as inadmissable in a
court of law.  Therefore, as Judge Hobbit I deem it inadmissable
in my court-room.  Furthermore I could find no place where
Associate Professor Michael Donald Bailey at the University of
Michigan ever made such a statement.
Case Closed
Judge Henry Hertz Hobbit
Re:  Signed, sealed, and delivered

@_date: 2013-07-25 22:58:14
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Why trust gpg4win? 
That is up to you, but since GPG4WIN has both GnuPG and many
bundled GUI apps and is freely available from Gnu there is
nothing to prevent BSI from using it.  Many human rights
activists also use either GPG4WIN or the pay version of OpenPGP,
PGP from Symantec.  Does that have any effect on your decision?
Did you mean GnuPT?  Under the hood it still is just WinPT plus
GnuPG so you are back at the same feeding trough.  It is just
that WinPT is older than the GUI tools bundled with GnuPG in
A better question might be, should I trust Windows?  With the
10,000 malware I have studied with only a few POC DMG files
for Macintosh and the rest being almost all Windows binaries
maybe not.
I think what you want is GPG4WIN from  which
is newer than Windows PT and works much better.  Both WinPT and
Kleopatra and the other programs bundled into GPG4WIN are using
GnuPG at the core.  WinPT is just the older GUI technology that
goes with GnuPG on Windows.  GPG4WIN includes newer GUI tools
that should work better.

@_date: 2013-07-27 05:22:03
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Trust of GPG4Win - Part 1 
Hash: SHA256
Disclamimer:  I have no connections with the GnuPG effort other
than as a thankful end user.
I have a much longer Part 2 of this.  After my tongue in cheek
statment about the article at Technology Review I came up with
what they were citing, not realizing the damage that it would
do.  Here is the pointer to the ACM delivery.  You need to
understand that they were talking about GnuPG running on a VM
(Virtual Machine) in "the cloud":
That is nothing close to what GPG4Win is doing running natively
on Windows.  I believe they picked GnuPG for a specific reason.
It is probably one of the most reliable programs written and
they were using that for proof of just how unsafe cloud computing
is.  Ergo ... if GnuPG (GNU Privacy Guard) can't do it then
nothing probably can.
For a second corroborating source of the SHA1 hashes and file
sizes look here for the current and potential new ones:
I don't want to deliver part 2 any sooner than 12:00 UTC
2013-07-29.  Why such a long time? I have to get it right.
I have already made at least 30 edits and am no where near
satisfied with what I have written.

@_date: 2013-07-28 00:54:49
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: License violation: GoldBug 
Hash: SHA256
If the licensing issues can be resolved GoldBug may be the only
chance we have of getting people to use encryption in any form.
I think it is time for attorneys to have their say.
Ergo, GoldBug should have done this a little more transparently
rather than just springing it on us.  But if they had done that
maybe it would not have been done at all.
GoldBug doesn't meet my needs.  I need mail messages with bad
host names given in forward rather than backward notation to get
the mail message past the email scanner and to know if a given
message or file really did come from the sender / file dropper.
I don't have any problems giving the name backwards but I
suspect the others do have problems reading the backwards names
and know they have problems creating them because they complain
about all the bounces they get.  They blame it on my email
account rather than themselves because they refuse to use
enciphering (public key or symmetric).  It took me the longest
time to get somebody to believe he had to zip the EXE file he
was sending me with some other format other than ZIP and to use
enciphering if he wanted to get it to me.  Sigh.

@_date: 2013-07-30 02:42:49
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: change passphrase in batch mode 
Hash: SHA256
is experimental key creation with notes in the doc/DETAILS of
of the source code on how to do that.  Alterations to code?
Look at the experimental key creation to get some ideas.
You are of course free to investigate using expect, expectk, or
tk on Linux / Unix.  Things like sh / ksh / bash, PERL, BAT, or
PowerShell won't work.  I haven't looked at the GnuPG source
code in a long time but if which ever of gpg or gp2 you are
using does a dup() or dup2() of STDIN then  after the
"gpg --edit-key KEY" then an internal passwd command you will
have to wait before giving it the old pass-phrase, new
pass-phrase, and then save.
For two way across distance the other side may need the new
public key after the pass-phrase change (not tested).  I would
backup my ~/.gnupg ('nix) or gnupg (somewhere down inside your
Windows %UserProfile% folder) before doing tests in case you
do irreperable damage.

@_date: 2013-06-10 06:23:52
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Recommendations for handling (multiple) user IDs - personal and 
What a mouthful.  I shortened it to those things most relevant
to me.  My keys are NOT part of the WoT due mostly to nobody
around my home having OpenPGP keys.  I would say that I have
a higher option that you do of the Wot when contrasted with
one SSL licensing authority after another being compromised
very badly.
I don't know quite what you mean by the tools.  But I would love the
requirement of some sort of secure token from an SMTP server trying
to attach to another SMTP server.  That would slow PeskySpammer from
filling my email box with messages where the sending SMTP server is
running on a hacked Windows PC.  Actually it would stop it altogether
until PeskySpammer figured out a work-around. Yes, I know, we have tons
of hacked SSL certs on web-sites.  But it would at least slow things
down a little bit.  But the big problem isn't technical.  It is as
expressed by one Unix / Linux Admin that I trust "not worth the effort."
There is a massive sense of futility that we cannot solve the problem
and thus no new RFC on email.  Trust me on this one.  My other POP email
account can no longer send except through the web-mail account (maybe
that has gone down too) because it is being blocked by something that
has gone wrong.  That something that has gone wrong may be the NSA or
the FBI after my comment in the Washington Post on Prism.  Can it be
fixed?  Yes if it is my current POP / IWSP that is causing the problem.
But it can be done only by moving from my current IWSP to a new smaller
IWSP that will accept input and be able to hack a temporary fix. But
what is needed is a complete revamping on how email works including
a new RFC and some way to reduce spam to a trickle and nobody but me
wants it.  You did see the spam in our mail chutes yesterday morning
didn't you?  They also sent it to the wireshark group and several
others.  I will be blocking not the host in the message but the host
that it led to that had whois information that was bogus.
That isn't it at all.  One of the people commenting on the Prism
article at the Washignton Post said OpenPGP IS too complicated.
It certainly isn't very easy for most people and I have even
observed engineers struggling to use OpenPGP.  I had a person
that stupidly thought they could email me bad host names through
their Yahoo web-mail account.  Yahoo blocked their send.  I have
even run tests where I am the only person that had a particular
hostname in their block-list and Yahoo even blocked those messages.
That would be admirable if I got my names from email.  I didn't.
I got them from stabbed in links on vulnerable web servers. Even
after I tried to get him to zip them with 7-Zip using the AES-128
encryption cipher he just wouldn't do it.  A current person is
using WinRAR exe installers and dumbly thought he could just send
the EXE file as an attachment in email.  He finally encrypted it
with rar's simple cipher.  Sure, you and others could decipher it
easily but that was enough to get an email's virus-scanner to
leave it alone.  At least he listened to me and didn't use zip
which was banned because of the ever-expanding zips.  Now he has
the problem of false detects due to using the WinRAR installer.
I told him to shift to using Inno Setup.  You do that and the
problems go away, especially with a "Legal Copyright" string.
The problem is more serious than whether they think they need any
encryption or not.  THEY HATE THE IDEA OF USING ENCRYPTION!  My
sig says it all and is attached manually because it really does
show what the real problem is now.  People including even the
Computer  Scientists are totally unable to think any more.
Even the knowledge that PRISM is snooping into everything
won't cause them to change.  Why not?  They are using Facebook,
Twitter and other social services to broadcast everything they
do now anyway.  That is a sure sign that enciphering is not wanted.
But encryption isn't just enciphering. It also includes signing.
I would love for them to send me messages that are signed,
especially if we exchanged the keys by hand.  So why do they
hate using encryption?  It takes too much work.  Unless they are
forced to use encryption by somebody else, than dammit all to
hell they are NOT GOING TO USE IT. They also trust the privacy of
their email messages implicitly despite the fact that they use
web-mail.  Me?  I am rather suspicious but I had a half-sister
(blessed) that worked at Arlington Hall.  The latest for me was
an email message from somebody that used the Latin name for his
eail account that was the equivalent of "one man army"
(exercitussolus - two words contracted together) and his sig was
even more entertaining: "Fortuna audaces adiuvat -- hos solos ?"
Roughly translated that is "Fortune favors the bold - only these?"
OOPS.  I am now condemned for thinking and will be taken out and
summarily shot.
Gnome 3, Ubuntu Unity, Windows 8 - poor iPhone GUI on Desktop
Thinking has been suspended indefinitely.
Anybody caught thinking will be immediately shot!

@_date: 2013-06-10 08:46:35
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Why OpenPGP is not wanted - stupid is in vogue right now 
My personal observations agrees with Rob Hansen's studies 100%.
Even when required to use encryption people hate doing it and
their concept is entirely focused on the ciphering with them
thinking that people who use encryption are trying to hide
something. They don't even begin to understand that signing is
also a part of encryption. IOW, there is also an ignorance
factor.  Nobody but me uses my signatures on the stuff I
deliver.  It isn't because my keys aren't part of the WOT.  It
is because for what ever reason they want to complain like mad
about Prism but then go to Facebook and broadcast their personal
lives to the entire world.  Why?  I would like to say I don't
know why and that it could be used for a doctoral dissertation
but I am beginning to suspect the doctoral candidates in
Sociology and Psychology will be similarly nuts any more.  For
those few who use my stuff they don't even use the signatures to
verify that things are okay.. Dumb? Certainly.  But stupid is
in vogue right now and I don't know why.  The Mayan Haab
(365 days per cycle)  and Tz'olkin (260 days per cycle)
calendars both go backwards and forwards forever but nobody
wants to know that these calendars really didn't come to an
end on 21 Decembre 2012 and that was just one of the times
that the first days align.  It also happens every 52 Haab
cycles (years) and 73 Tz'olkin periods.  Don't try to sit down
and explain it to them either.  They go glassy eyed and make
sure they don't understand that (365 * 52) = (260 * 73) and
make sure they don't understand why even when you show the
reduction that is lowest number you can get in the
multiplication where they are equal.  They want to say that
it is completely impossible to understand and they want to
believe what ever lies are told on the History II channel and
elsewhere.  They get away with it because everybody else is
doing the same thing. Why?  BEING STUPID IS IN FASHION RIGHT
If they had complained that my keys were not part of the WOT, my
keys would have been part of the WOT in a hurry.  That was why I
added my legal name as a comment.  I anticipated somebody would
ask me to become part of the WOT.  Nobody has asked because less
than 1/10 of 1% of people are using encryption except when they
don't know that they are using it (443).
What is wrong with the GUI provided with GPG4WIN?  I really don't
want a GUI on Linux since I do most things in a terminal and BASH
anyway.  My only complaint with GPG4WIN is that checking the
signature should come first but that is because that is what I
use it for.  I verify that my own downloads have not been tampered
with.  Hey, the web-server isn't under my control.  I can no longer
send email on the POP email account that goes with that web server
any more either.  Yahoo's SMTP server stopped accepting my email
from Thunderbird just two days ago.  Unfortunately, POP still
pulls down 100 or so messages from PeskySpammer every day.  That
does not instill confidence.  But I can still mail fine here using
OpenPGP on 1and1 with no problems.  So it is not my setup which has
not changed that is causing the problems. Business mail at Yahoo is
either broken or the NSA / FBI retaliated for my comment at WaPo.
I pick broken.  Why retaliate when even some of them will agree with
my comments at WaPo? My snail mail delivered letter to Yahoo will be
my last chance at getting it working again.  My hope is extremely
Until stupid falls out of vogue, encryption just isn't going to
be used.  If the History II channel and my downstairs neighbor
with Planet X (Nibiru) are any indication we will need a
completely new generation for that to happen.  This generation
is so stupid with their iPhones and iPads and Galaxy Samsungs
that I am beginning to wonder how we got here.  It isn't just
the young doing it either.  Many older people have been similarly
afflicted.  I think I will watch the programs on the D-Day veterans
so I can get out of this time warp factor we are in right now for
a while. Those people back then weren't stupid.  They cracked the
Enigma, the Lorenz, and most of the Japanese codes as well.  I
should have lived my life back then with my half-sister Susie and
helped in the cracking.  Now?  The emperor has no clothes and
almost nobody wants to use encryption - ANY KIND OF ENCRYPTION!
Me?  My financial data and passwords are enciphered.  I don't
make any apologies either.  There are too many hackers that
want to steal that stuff.  I strongly avoid using software
that isn't signed unless I created it either.  The people
that aren't doing it?  THEY ARE PROUD ABOUT BEING STUPID!
The reason Microsoft bundled Windows Defender and have it
on by default is because well over 50% of the people weren't
using an AV product on Windows.  Unfortunately, Windows
Defender is removing all blocked entries including even
Facebook and bad hosts from the hosts file now.  Again,
stupid is in fasion even at Microsoft when they attempt
to remedy a problem.  Windows Defender may have removed
the only thing that would keep that problem away from
that person's computer.  Will the Microsoft programmers
understand that?  NO!  STUPID IS IN VOGUE RIGHT NOW!
Mucking around with a new GUI for GnuPG will not change
these factors.  The new GUI design needs to be driven by
what the people want.  Right now they don't want
encryption.  Encryption has become a dirty word in their
diseased minds.

@_date: 2013-06-11 23:29:02
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Why OpenPGP is not wanted - stupid is in vogue right now 
The reason why is that they are narcissistic.  A good book to
understand younger people today is "The Narcissism Epidemic -
Living in the age of Entitlement."  But Jean M. Twenge
at San Diego State (Ph.D. from the University of Michigan) and
her cohort W. Keith Campbell at the University of Georgia (Ph.D.
from the University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill) are not
graduate students.  I have bad news for them.  The narcissism
has spread far beyond the United States borders now.  Yes, I
have a degree in Psychology as well as degrees in Mathematics
and Computer Science and was just considered for  a teaching
position at a University.  I turned it down.  I am holding out
for that junior level Unix / Linux administration position that
is commensurate with my experience.  That is not a joke.  It is
what I am best at and that is now the level I should work at.
So you if you want to see the social-psychnological reasons
for why encryption is eschewed, read the book.  The puzzle part
for me is why many older people are also falling prey to stupid
ideas just like they are teen-agers that have to be with the
It does NOT bode well for getting encryption used by a lot of
people though.  I just wished I could walk into a Radio Shack
store and purchase my Torx screw-drivers without some stupid
grinning sales person trying to ram an iS**t device down my
throat.  I apologize to the Road Warriors that must use such
a device but I don't want one. I am NOT on Facebook or Twitter
either.  And I unapologetically use encryption when it is
appropriate.  Thanks Zimmerman, Werner, and crew.

@_date: 2013-06-12 18:53:35
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Clarifying the GnuPG License 
Hash: SHA256
I am in agreement on the constraints Nils Faerber gives.
You were not specific as to the OS but since most distros of
Linux have GhuPG bundled I am assuming a Windows OS target.
Merging any of the GnuPG / PGP4WIN files into your install folder
may get you into trouble.  It is because it makes it seem like
you own the binaries.  You don't so they should not be in your
app folder.
There are 76 DLL files in the main folder for 2.0.17 (GPG4WIN).
Licensing for things like GPGOL DLL is LGPL.  Most other DLLs do
not give me the licensing information (looking at actual strings
in the binary files). All the 46 EXE files I looked at were GPLv3
but I didn't look at all of them so some may be GPLv2.  Bascially,
consider the GPG4WIN bundle to be a GPLv3 product.
The last time I looked at it, I had to install GPG4Win or
one of the GPG 1.x installs before I put Enigmail in THunderbird
on Windows. EnigMail is licensed under MPLv2/GPLv2 to avoid
licensing issues.  If Enigmail doesn't bundle when they have
compatible licensing then neither should you bundle.
I would have people download and install GPG4WIN themselves.
Under no circumstances link in any of the DLL files to avoid
licensing issues.  gpg.exe and some other EXE files and
iconv.dll are in the %ProgramFiles%\GNU\GnuPG\pub folder which
is added to the %PATH% in the install for command line use.
Ergo, there is no need to bundle if you use gpg.exe on the
command line.

@_date: 2013-06-13 10:05:29
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: File extension is .txt for gpg import. Is that ok? 
If it has "-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----" on the first
line you will probably be fine on 'nix since gpg and gpg2 look
at what is in the file to determine if it is safe to do a
--import or not.
There is one caveat here.  On OpenSuSE  it refuses to do the
following assuming the file "Picture." is actually an image file:
$ eog Picture. &
Will fail.  They have made it so eog and many other utilities
will fail unless you have have the proper extension.  For this
one, if "Picture." is jpg file, even this rename
$ mv Picture. Picture.gif
$ eog Picture.gif &
will still fail.  Ergo, you should probably make sure the file
has the proper extension.  It takes just a few seconds to do it.

@_date: 2013-06-13 11:11:02
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Fail-safe backup 
I just answered a question on whether you could import somebody
else's keys from a file named "other.txt" rather than "other.asc"
or "other.gpg".  While perhaps technically correct I also pointed
out that Windows depends on the proper file-name extension and
some Linux distros like OpenSuSE are very persnickety about the
file having the proper extension.
If you are going into the unknown make a backup of your key
folder before experimenting.  The following in a terminal would
be a good idea on 'nix:
$ cd ; rm -f gnugp.zip
$ zip -r9 gnupg.zip ./.gnupg
Now go ahead and experiment to your hearts content.  Just be
aware that something like OpenSuSE may block an --import unless
the file-name is something like "other.asc" or "other.gpg".
That doesn't mean any damage will be done with something like
"other.txt", The shell will just refuse to let gpg / gpg2 do
anything.  But if you do damage or think you damaged your
key-ring, the old fail-safe can always be put back:
$ cd
# # if you are unsure if you damanged keys
$ rm -fr zzz.gnupg
$ mv .gnupg zzz.gnupg
# # or if you are POSITIVE you killed things:
$ rm -fr  .gnupg
# then put the fail-safe back in place
$ unzip  gnupg.zip
If nothing else you have a backup of your keys in case of files
being damaged due to power failure, et al.  But you never want
to take steps into the unknown without a way to go back to
something that works.  If you don't believe me, watch the movie
The Eiger Santion some time.  Karl Freytag said: "I consider
it self defeating to plan in terms of retreat."  Hemlock replied
"I consider it stupid not to."  The ending of the movie drives
the point home in a very dramatic manner despite one of the
climbers saying they would continue in style.
Sooner or later you think can get away with something and you can't
no matter how good you are.  When that happens you need some way to
recover from the disaster.  Now go ahead and gpg --import other.txt.

@_date: 2013-06-19 23:16:37
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: How do I make the private key on a OpenPGP smartcard non 
Is the original poster still there?  I was going to write and decided
it was wiser to wait for these responses which I almost knew were
coming.  Try the backup from GPA's menu.  I doubt you will get anything
that can be exported. If you get a backupg.gpg (or similar), then try
importing your secret keys onto a second system with GPGWIN installed.
If all that flies (you were actually able to do a --export of your
private keys despite these two people's responses to the contrary
and then are able to do a --import on the second system) then try
these tests:
1. Make a detached signature of a file on system one (with
   OpenPGP card).  Copy the base file and the signature file to
   system two and see if it verifies.
2. Sign on second, copy to first, and see if it verifies on first.
   IOW, reverse of previous.
3. Enciper a file using public-key of said key you supposedly
   was able to import on either of the system.  By that I mean a
   public-key enciphering, not just a symmetric cipher, e.g.:
      Copy the public-key enciphered file to the other system.
   Flash drive, et al.  Decipher it on the other system.
I don't think your tests will work.  In fact I don't believe you
will even get to these three tests.  What is the advantage of using
the OpenPGP key and having a public-key enciphered file over a
symmetric enciphered file?
Symmetric Enciphered:
Let's say your machine gets infected.  Let's also suppose that a
key logger has been installed.  I can assure you that most malware
today either has a mini key-logger as part of the initial install
or a key-logger can be downloaded and installed.  Actually, most
malware will almost do it automatically.  I have over 10,000
malware to back that statement up.  Either the key-logger got
the password to encipher the enciphered file or they saw it when
you temporarily deciphered the file.  So now all the hackers need
are either the plain-text file or the enciphered file and to know
what created the enciphered file.  But even if all the hackers
have are the enciphered file and the pass-phrase they are now
only one step away.
PeskySpammer has even installed SMTP agents on tens of thousands
of Microsoft Windows machines, one of which was at RIPE, one
more at ICANN, and one at Yahoo.  The hackers have your
file and its name alone or what is in the file header reveals
what was used to create the enciphered file.  Within a few minutes
they will have a deciphered file. The only thing that can protect
you is to NEVER encipher or decipher the file while the key-logger
is there and to never have the deciphered file available.  But
once they have the enciphered file and know the password to decipher
the file the game is over and you have lost.
OpenPGP Public-Key Enciphered:
All the same things hold.  Assume they know the key's pass-phrase.
They can also pull down the enciphered file.  But you cannot just
copy the keys since an OpenPGP card doesn't have a file system.
If you cannot --export the secret-keys then the hackers will never
get them.  FOILED!  The hackers have no choice but to move on
or set some sort of trigger that knows when you decipher the
public-key enciphered file.  The longer you let the unenciphered
file hang around the more likely it is to fly the coop.  So
even if the hackers know the pass-phrase (assume they do) and
have the public-key enciphered file, they can NOT decipher the
Now do you see the difference between a symmetric enciphered
file and a public-key enciphered file where the OpenPGP keys
are on an OpenPGP card?  Just don't let the unenciphered file
hang around any longer than normal.  Do not just delete the
unenciphered file - securely erase it when you don't need
it.  If you need higher security use an OS which has moderately
more security (Linux) or even higher security (OpenBSD) with
an OpenPGP card to hold the keys.  Every layer of defense you
add encourabes the hackers to move on in search of an easier

@_date: 2013-06-21 10:00:47
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: encrypting to a user, "There is no assurance this key belongs 
Who or what is "gconf"?  If that is what is actually used then
it is neither an email address or the keyid.  I suggest as your
first step replacing "rconf" with the actual key-id (number) you
want to encrypt for to see if that works. It is just that GnuPG
seems to be having problems with the supplied user name.  If
rconf was meant to be an email address either it doesn't match
that field completely or maybe you had a define in your
~/.gnupg/gpg.conf that is now missing.
We can go from there if this doesn't work.

@_date: 2013-06-21 14:06:55
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: encrypting to a user, "There is no assurance this key belongs 
Okay, try the following as a test since I had similar
problems with a version update and this got rid of my
problems (but their is no assurance it will help you
since my problems were slightly different but did not
manifest themselves until I had a GnuPG version jump
like what you just got):
1. Backup your key-folder in an xterm:
   $ cd ; rm -f gnupg.zip
   $ zip -r9 gnupg.zip ./.gnupg
2. Delete they key using gpg and make sure the trustdb entry
   for this key has also been removed.
3. Check to make sure you have an up-to-date version of the
   key and then --import it. lsign it again.
Now test it.  I am not saying it will work but it may.  There
may be a possibility your trustdb got fouled up somehow.  This
test is not catastrophic because you can always go back to
what you had:
$ if [ -s gnupg.zip ]
   rm -fr z00.gnupg
   mv .gnupg z00.gnupg
   unzip gnupg.zip
# number others z01, z02, etcetera, if you want to keep a trail.

@_date: 2013-06-23 12:44:35
@_author: hhhobbit@securemecca.net 
@_subject: encrypting to a user, "There is no assurance this key belongs 
Well, it was Peter's thinking that saved you.  Great job!  I
will file that
tidbit of information away because I have some similar upgrades
the future and want my keys to last 8 more years or until there
is a
paradigm shift that makes the present keys obsolete, which ever
comes first.

@_date: 2013-06-24 23:53:20
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: GpgEX for 64 bit Windows test version 
Try putting double quotes at the start and end of the  string,
regsvr32 "c:\Program Files (x86)\GNU\GnuPG2\bin\gpgex.dll"
I can NOT assure you that this will work but it probably
I wished Microsoft had used just "C:/Programs/" instead of
"C:\Program Files\" for %ProgramFiles%.  I don't know what
to say about 64 bit other than don't mix / match.  Microsoft
could have used "C:/Programs/64/" but that would have made
too much sense.  Microsoft wants back-slashes instead of
slashes and a nice mix of punctuation marks in addition to
dot "." plus space characters in all folder and file names.
It doesn't work very well, especially for something done from
cmd.exe instead of the GUI.  How bad is it?  I COPY 7za.exe
to use it in scripts because I don't want to make registry
changes (%Path%) just to make it work from where it is at.

@_date: 2013-06-25 21:44:46
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Transfer subkey to other keyring 
Why are you setting --homedir to the current folder (.) and where
are you at when you are running the command?  I added some
back-slashes for clarity since my mailer wrapped (sorry).
You say one keyring to another which implies two directories
(folders).  IOW, the command implies you are trying to export
from the folder you are in which is NOT ${HOME}/.gnupg into
${HOME}/.gnupg (you took the default for the second gpg which
is ${HOME}/.gnupg unless you set environment variable GNUPGHOME
to something else.  But the error seems to indicate:
1. You are in  ${HOME}/.gnupg, e.g., you did a:
   $cd ~/.gnupg
2. You are setting the the --homedir explicitly to "."
   which is now ${HOME}/.gnupg for export and the
   import is also going to ${HOME}/.gnupg (same folder)
   implicitly unless you over-rode it with the environment
   variable GNUPGHOME to be something else.
The error seems to indicate you are importing to the same
folder you are exporting from.  I would suggest using the
--homedir with the actual ${HOME}/FROM-DIR-PATH for the
first gpg and --homedir with the actual ${HOME}/TO-DIR-PATH
for the second gpg.  That makes it explicit where it is
coming from and going to.
I leave it to others to say whether the commands once
that is handled are correct.  It seems to be from the
man pages but since I have never done it ...

@_date: 2013-06-27 13:06:42
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Debian crypto strength 
I wouldn't classify it as a bug but I did read all comments
and what I write here should be classified as just the
OPINION of one person, moi.  Like Thomas Jefferson's
religious beliefs I think I will be in a congregation of
Maybe not if the argument by one person here is to be believed
and the statemnt by another that ALL of the SHA would have been
vulnerable to the same attack.  Did the discussion come to a
satisfactory conclusion?  Not for me since the arguments were
mostly theoretical.  I am one of those people who much prefers
actual over theoretical.  Where they can't phase out SHA1 they
can't. Where they can they should replace it with SHA-256.  The
one comment saying you can have both SHA1 and SHA-256 is
impractical. It is either SHA1 or something else.  I suspect
the inertia against shifting from SHA1 to something else is
probably more the hassles they perceive it will cause than
any technical considerations due to standards.
I don't know how much they are emphasizing backwards
compatability. But in this case I don't see how it could be a
problem if they are using only GnuPG.  Support for SHA-256 has
been in GnuPG for an awfully long time.  SHA-512 may cause
problems going forwards given its status in backwards
compatibility and depending on whether Debian uses something
other than GnuPG going forwards.  SHA-512 also requires
significantly more CPU cycles as well and can be too much
for smaller devices. Is Debian planning on a smart phone or
The comments in the bug indicate that NIST has a directive to
replace SHA1 with something else by 2010?  I don't know what all
that includes but Microsoft is still using SHA1 which means that
if Microsoft is included the directive is hopeless.  Here we
are three years later and people are stubbornly refusing to
shift away from SHA1.
I can remember when kernel.org was hacked into and they stated
that they had used super secure SHA1.  That is kind of like the
two radar technicians in Tora Tora Tora.  The first notes a huge
formation coming in from the north.  The second whines about
going to eat and the lieutenant they call the observation into
into told them not to worry about it.  The argument that SHA1
just isn't as robust seems to me to be the same type of argument
as the one to ignore that radar warning.  We all know what
happened on that one don't we?  Pearl Harbor and the US was
sucked into World War II whether they wanted to be in it or
In trying to understand the resistance to moving away from SHA1
you have to understand that it is much more dependent on the
personal resistance to change than the technical hassles.  But
if they do it they should write down all the problems they had
and how they solved them in case they have to do it again in
the future.  The second time around for anything is always
much easier than the first.
Thinking has been suspended indefinitely
Anybody caught thinking will be immediately shot!

@_date: 2013-05-03 12:05:02
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Suggest please 
Werner is of course correct but since you need to do a send to
userid_1, userid_2, and userid_3  you will need the public key
for all three of the recipients.  You need the public key for
each person you want to send a public key enciphered (encrypted)
file or message to.
Public / Private Key Enciphering
- encrypted with the other person's (or people's) public key(s).
  No pass-phrase is required.
- can only be decrypted by the person (or people)  that has the
  private key(s) that is associtated with public key(s) that
  the file or message was encrypted with.  They also need to know
  the pass-phrase unless the pinentry program decides to supply
  their pass-phrase forever.  Don't laugh too loud. It happened
  to me.  I must provide my pass-phrase again now.  Thank goodness!
Private / Public Key signatures (used for verification)
- the file or message is signed with your private key. You must
  use your pass-phrase when signing.  This was most critical
  for the pinetry supplying the pass-phrase for me. You should
  be required to supply the pass-phrase for all signings with
  the only laxity being a one-time supply of pass-phrase for
  a batch of files.
- verified with your public key with them importing it and then
  giving it the proper (hopefully) level of trust when they edit
  and lsign / sign your public key.  They have known you all your
  life?  Then your key deserves the highest level of trust no
  matter what you do in life.  The verification is that the
  person is really who they claim to be.
My primer reference book is "PGP & GPG, Email For The PRACTICAL
Paranoid" by Michael W. Lucas.  I hope he gives another edition
some time since GPG4Win has improved and simpliied a lot of things
for Windows users.  Disclaimer:  I do NOT get a cut of the profits
from the sale of the book.

@_date: 2013-05-03 20:43:34
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Suggest please 
First, a restriction on who can access folder restricted to
just a group on 'nix should probably be:
drwxrwx---   (chmod 770 dir - all group members can write)
drwxr-x---   (chmod 750 dir - only owner can write)
On OpenVMS you can and the military does just turn off the
world permiesions leaving only SOG  (System, Owner, Groupm
originally it was SOGW). But OpenVMS has theirs done via a
DACL.   Windows has DACLs but really not for files / folders
in the same way that OpenVMS / Unix / Linux do it. Unix / Linux
file permission flags for the files is hard-wired (done deep
within the bowels of the OS).
Symmetric ciphers via GnuPG:
You can use either a symmetric or public key cipher with
GnuPG, but you really sort of need keys to even do symmetric
ciphers via GnuPG or PGP from Symantec.  This script is what
I use if I want to make a file encrypted with a ymmetric
cipher via GnuPG:
(folder - I used decrypt for decrypting encrypted files)
Pros:  Can't think of any other than it saves all that typing.
       It MAY help you understand it.  Maybe it will confuse you.
Cons:  Anybody who knows the password can decrypt it.
       Some times that is a positive.  For top security it
       is a negative if the public key used to encipher a
       file is not yours (belongs to somebody else and
       you don't have the private keys).
Symmetric cipher with AES-128 using 7-Zip:
You don't need keys. Just supply the password and let the other
people know what the password is.  on Unix / Linux you just use:
this for a file:
        $ 7za a -p filename.7z filename
and this for a directory (folder)
        $ 7za a -[ dirname.7z ./dirname
Pros:  provides symmetric encryption without keys!
       Blissfully dumps the UID:GID so it comes out right
       when root unzips it (owned by root in group root)
       no matter who it belonged to on the other system..
       for 'nix.  That is why I like it.  Would love to
       have ClamAV source code in 7z format.
       It is great for sending lists of bad URLs / hosts
       to others since email scanner doesn't know what to
       do with it.
Cons:  Same as for GPG symmetric but no choice of CIPHER
       (uses AES-128) which may be unsatisfactory for some
       uses.  Must build it yourself for 'nix.  Do NOT use
       7-zip for backups of system stuff or you wull have
       a chicken versus egg problem, encrypted or not.
(APOLOGIES TO GNUPG ADVOCATES)
Public / Private key implementation:
In reality there is a symmetric cipher hidden down in there.
GnuPG pseudo-randomly (hopefully closer to randomly than to
pseudo) creates a password for the symmetrically enciphered
file and encrypts the password for the symmetric cipher using
the other person's (people's) public key(s) with the ElGamal
or similar public-key cipher.  Each recipient gets their own
copy (in the past the whole thing with Thunderbird plus
Enitmail).  But you do NOT encrypt the whole file with the
public key.   You use the public key to encipher only
the password used to create the symmetric cipher.
The way public / private key is normally used:
On Windows, GPG4WIN supplies an Outlook look-alike called Claws
Mail that just looks at the recipients when you select encrypt
and magically encrypts a message that the entire list of users
can decrypt as long as you have the public key for each of the
recipients on your key-ring.  The enigmail plugin for the mail
client program called Thunderbird does much the same thing.
SEE!  Public key encryption doesn't have to be all that
Pros:   When encrypted for JoeGoodGuy in Denver with the
        encryption being done in Syria (war-torn) nobody but
        JoeGoodGuy can decipher it.  Be sure to wipe the
        original unenciphered file(s).  Wikileaks Julian
        Assange knew this and encrypted all of those files
        with a symmetriic cipher anyway so everybody could
        decrypt the zip of all those files some time in the
        future no matter how long the password was.  But
        if the journalist had their own public / private key
        pair it could have been encrypted with the journalist's
        public key and then only the journalist could have
        decrypted it.  Pubic key encryption is used successfully
        for this purpose by civil rights activists world-wide.
Cons:   Initial confusion on how it works.  Don't feel bad
        because even PhD engineers may need some time to
        finally understand how it works (which is why I
        recommended that book).
Don't be afraid of using OpenPGP public key encryption.  It
really is superior when you have two people that semi-trust
each other.  "Spies take time to warm up to each other" said
one of the people that broke the Enigma cipher machine.
"Even if they are British and American spies they are
hesitant to share secrets."
If I encrypt a message to you using your public key, even I
cannpt decipher it any more.  Somehow that makes me feel
SAFER.  Don't give up on it - you can do it.  GnuPG public
key encryption is even used to make backups shipped over
public networks because nobody but the person (hopefully
not PEOPLE but maybe for companies) who has the private key
and knows the pass-phrase can decipher it.  public key
encryption is superior for people in more than one geographic

@_date: 2013-05-04 01:18:21
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Suggest please 
Hash: SHA256
First, I think public key encryption is apropos for what you
are doing if privacy is a concern.  The way you approached
it without telling us you are on Windows until later on
indicates privacy IS a consideration for you.
Now that I know you are on Windows I am curious what you are
using to automate - Visual Basic, BAT, Power Shell, or something
else.  I run into too many problems with their darn spaces no
matter which of these three I use.  It is best to just add where
gpg2 and everything else lives  to your PATH.  Here is where it
is for the latest version of GPG4Win (at least on Windows 7)
Scripts should be more verbal than noun oriented.
If you need help in getting it going I will help but do NOT
use what you would be sending to your cohorts.  My public key
is on the key-servers.  For the long way Just go here:
Then enter my email address hhhobbit[gnat]securemecca.net
Click on the top key, copy and paste it into a file and then
import.  Fast way is to just use PGP4Win's GUI to import the
key directly from the key-servers.
The first test is to send a publicly encrypted file.  Then
you do it for two users per Werner's statement and as you
go along you will see what is appropriate for you.

@_date: 2013-05-09 17:17:58
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: How can I extract the --embedded-filename for scripting? 
Peter[gnat]digitalbrains[dot]com's way of doing it:
gpg --status-fd 3 --use-embedded-filename foo.gpg 3>foo.status
That is probably incompatible with Windows doing it.  The
original poster already has the cmd.exe (BAT) script for doing
it finished already. The way I handle it on Windows is to
output the results of either stdout (>) or stderr (2>) to a
file and then open that file with VBScript. Trapping the result
in any Windows scripting language other than Power Shell (I am
NOT very familiar with it) is problematical.
That is why my advice is that the original file name should be
preserved with an added ".gpg" for the encrypted file to make
these things clear, e.g.:
Design-Files is a folder.  It is zipped into either a
7-Zip or zip file with all the contents in the folder
zipped with it (recursive - the default for 7-Zip):
Design-Files 7zips to Design-Files.7z
Design-Files zips to Design-Files.zip
When encrypting:
Design-Files.zip   is encrypted to   Design-Files.zip.gpg
Design-Files.7z   is encrypted to   Design-Files.7z.gpg
MasterFile.txt   is encrypted to   MasterFile.txt.gpg
That way the file name alone gives a clue as to whether further
processing is necessary.  I KNOW that VBScript can handle it
this way.  The only problem is to put an unzipper program some
place in your %PATH% where there is no spaces or punctuation
to that folder for the zip.exe or 7z.exe that you are using.
One more thing.  Windows Explorer should be set to show the
entire file name. That also prevents *.pdf.exe files appearing
to be *.pdf files as well.  Ditto for *.doc.exe and similar
files.  But it makes some of this explicit for OpenPGP
enciphered files and I KNOW that VBScript can handle it when
it is done this way.
'Nix way:
I am pretty sure that a grep for '\.tar\.gz', '\.tgz', /\.tbz'
and '\.7z' after deciphering and redirected to files and than
opening and processing those files on 'nix can also be done to
perform the addiitional processing automatically (use file
with a grep for certain patters as one last check),  You are
better off for the temporary files being put in either the
current folder or ${HOME}/tmp if the perms on those folders
is 700.  Use of /tmp or even /var/tmp is unsafe. unless you are
the only person on the system.  Even if you are the only person
have the script remove the tmp files and unset the relevant VARS.
I turn history off in most of my scripts at the start and then
turn history back on at the end of the script if security is a

@_date: 2013-05-15 12:20:03
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: GnuPG 1.4.13 
Things are having a way of disappearing faster than they
come now.  At least they are for me.
I am just asking if you will remove it from that location
in the future.  I guess it is okay if we have another
GnuPG version and you replace it with another file.  But
many times people won't upgrade for what ever reason (here,
language issues for Chinese prevents going to GnuPG 2.x
on Windows). Let me illustrate the concern a little more
clearly. Things have a way disappearing right out from
underneath people, expecially if you picked Gnome 1 & 2
(and KDE has language problems for Arabic and Perso-Arabic)
on Linux:
OS:      OpenSuse 11.4  (the last of Gnome 2 there)
Video:   ASUS GeForce GTX-650  (replaced GeForce 220)
Reason:  Can no longer use GoogleEarth
Problem: Instructions from OpenSuSE point to their special OS
         folder.  But every time they update the kernel KMS
         comes back with a Vengence and my resolution drops
         back down to 640x480 with NO way to increase it
         unless you change the kernel to get rid of KMS.
         Ergo, I have to alter the kernel to get my
         video resolution back up to 1920x1080 @ 60 Hz,  I
         run 1680x1050 for both Ubuntu and Windows 7.  I also
         had to install the approprtiate nVidia driver myself.
         In fact I had to do the entire thing myself and one
         of the instructions provided was WRONG.
I first tried to do this the OpenSuSE way.  But when I pointed
to the proper folder for YUM unpdates, as usual, they were GONE!
I imagine it disappeared the day OpenSuSE 12.1 came out.  They
are up to 12.3 now.  Why fix what isn't broken?  But in this
case they broke what was fixed.
I will finally have to update to OpenSuse 12.4 IF they have
KDE.  Gnome 3 is nothing more than an iPhone GUI dropped onto
the desktop.  You don't even have an xterm which was finally
provided with Unity for Ubuntu 12.04. In addition to having
to remove nouveau, this is just one example that somebody
thinks I have time to do 4+ OS updates per year with every
Linux distro and that I use nothing but Firefox and Libre
Office.  That is way too much change but in this case
Gnome may as well close the door.  Only LibreOffice and
Firefox are provided with Gnome 3 with every distro I installed
or tried to install this spring, I have finally given up
completely on Fedora.  I haven't been able to install Fedora for
years because it doesn't have my current ASUS monitor or the
previous ViewSonic monitor in its X-Windows DB. But with Gnome
3 you can't even use GnuPG any more.  Where is Thundebird and
the xterm to use it in?  I couldn't find them.  Like my friend
who wrestled with Windows 8 for two days I finally gave up and
went back to the very same OS I had, but swapped the machines
they were on.
Here comes another Ubuntu 10.04 update of the kernel and I may
have to reinstall the Nvidia drivers there again (you must
do it with OpenSuSE but I am counting on NO OS upgrades for
the 11.4 version any more).  On that machine I went from on
motherboard Nvidia to a GEForce GT-640, again because
GoogleEarth would no longer run.  At least I can still use
GnuPG because I can have an xterm which most of these modern
GUIs with every Linux distro no longer provide.  I can also run
Thunderbird.  Windows 8 also has the iPhone GUI mentality as
well and even worse, forces you to use their email type setup
which has extremely bad security problems.  By that I mean
your private becomes public and they expect ALL of your
banking and financial stuff to go through them.  I guess
Microsoft fired all of their top-notch security people.
I still consider Drop My Rights for XP in many ways better
than the UAC for Windows 7.
So stick to Windows 7 or Windows XP if you want to use GnuPG
encryption on Microsoft Windows.  You cannot use GnuPG or hardly
anything else other than Internet Explorer and Microsoft Office
on Windows 8.  My friend couldn't find a way to do it.
The reason everybody is getting this is because it DOES have
repercussions on GnuPG.  You won't be able to use GnuPG
encryption any more until all these people provide a desktop
or laptop OS where you can use GnuPG again!  I don't want an
OS where I cannot use GnuPG!

@_date: 2013-05-17 14:43:07
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Generating/Exporting under another user-account(Log on as a batch 
Which version of GnuPG are you using?  If you are using
2.0.x just firing up Kleopatra shows all the keys on your
key ring.
If you are saying you are using a BAT file with GnuPG 1.4.x,
the cmd window only stays open while the BAT file is being
interpreted.  If you put this on the next to last code line
(I use setlocal at the start and endlocal):
REM I usually put a remark before it but pause prints own message
That will help you see the output of your various commands.  But
it will NOT help you if you want to see the keys or work with them
from the command line.  To do that, first make sure you add the
folder where gpg.exe or gpg2.exe is at to your %PATH%.  You may
need to logout and then log back in to get the GnuPG folder added
to the %PATH%.  Then go to Start, (All) Programs, Accessories,
and select cmd (or what ever it is named for you). In the command
window which now stays up (this is now assuming you are using
C:\> gpg --list-keys
That will let you know if the keys are there.  BTW, you are
STRONGLY encouraged to add the GnuPG home to your path.  It is
usually %ProgramFiles%\GNU\GnuPG  (but you MUST fill out
where %ProgramFiles% really is in the %PATH%) for GnuPG 2.x.
GnuPG 1.4.x may be in a different folder than GnuPG. My
machine that has both installed is turned off right now (heat
Did that help?

@_date: 2013-05-21 13:59:34
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Total Newbie Can't Unpack Tar Ball on AIX 
This is probably just the source code and if it is then
it should be put into the /usr/local/src folder.
YOU HAVE YOUR WORK CUT OUT FOR YOU!  I think you are
also going to need a RNG (Random Number Generator)
on AIX.  You may want to sign it on some other system
other than AIX?  I am suggesting this is the EASY way
to do it.  It is the way I would do it and I am a very
good sysadmin.
Usually, I use a "-" in front of the options but unless
AIX has provided support for bzip2 you don't have it.  The
"x" stands for extract, the "v" means verbose, the "j' means
bzip2, and the 'f' means the file is specified next. If
you have man pages set up a "man tar" will give you all
of the options.  To find if you have bzip2, in a terminal
which bzip2
which bunzip2
If you get nothing back then bzip2 isn't on your system.
perzl.org has provided lots of things, but no updates to
gnupg since 2.0.13.  But that does handle your needs and
is available in binary form.  Just remember you may still
have to set up a RNG (Random Number Generator).
I would advise installing bzip2 but even after it is
installed your tar may not support an integrated bzip2
(the 'j' flag).  In that case the above file could still
be extracted with:
bzip2 -dc gnupg-2.0.20.tar.bz2 | tar -xvf -
# or if you don't need a list:
bzip2 -dc gnupg-2.0.20.tar.bz2 | tar -xf -
bullfreewahre has some things for AIX 5.1:
I would go with the bzip2 binary or just zip the folder
with the files using zip or what they can handle.  Then I
would transfer the zipped file to a Linux or protected
Windows system and sign the files there.  Believe me,
it would be far easier to set up your OpenPGP keys
with GnuPG on either Linux or Windows and do it that
way.  Even if you do it from AIX later, you can still
export your keys from Windows or Linux and import them
on AIX.  But setting up GnuPG even from binaries is
NOT trivial on AIX.  Once you have it set up though,
it is just as easy to use GnuPG on AIX as it is on
Windows or Linux.
If you still want to create it from source Here are the
tools you will need at a minimum for making gnupg from
source for AIX:
If you are a real good sysadmin and still want to go this
way, contact me and I will help as much as I can but
remember that I don't have an AIX system in front of me.
Also, many production AIX systems are not supposed to
have gcc on them because that may violate either company
or country regulations like Sarbanes-Oxley or HIPAA,
I will also take it out of group since it is non-gnupg.
Since AIX probably does not have a RNG you will need to
set that up too.  I think it would actually be easier to
generate your keys on Windows or Linux and tranfer them
to AIX if you MUST sign the file(s) on AIX.  You are
biting off a lot of work to put GnuPG on AIX anyway
and doing it from source is difficult.
But if you still want to create it from source, contact me
personally since most of this is AIX specific and only
incidentally related to GnuPG.  Are you sure the files
must be signed on AIX?  Putting GnuPG on AIX is not
trivial, especially if the binary package doesn't
provide some way to set up a RNG.  OTOH, if the binary
install also sets up the RNG ... go right ahead.

@_date: 2013-05-21 16:28:13
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Generating/Exporting under another user-account(Log on as a batch 
They are in:
That is usually (if %SystemDrive% is C:):
C:\Program Files\GNU\GnuPG\
If you need them in the cmd.exe then just add the REAL folder
(don't use %ProgramFiles%) to your PATH.  To do that on Windows 7:
1. Right click on My Computer on desktop and click Properties
2. In the System Properties Windows click on the Advanced tab
3. In the Advanced section click the Environmmnt Variables button
4. Select the PATH (may be Path) variable then click Edit
5. At the of the PATH you add:
   ;C:\Program Files\GNU\GnuPG\
   (if it already has a ";" at the end you only need one
    semi-colon)
6. Save the change and then OK your way back out.
You will probably have to logout and then log back in.
libkleo.dll, kleopatra.exe, gpg2.exe and all the other files
associated with 2.0 are in this folder.  There may be others
but if they are they will be in C;\Windows\system32 which
ia already in the PATH.
I don't have gpg 1.x on Windows.  If I remmber correctly gpg
1.x is also in the same folder.  If so then just typing gpg
on the command line will also work if you have the GnupG version
one.  IOW:
C:\> gpg.exe --list-keys
should list your keys.  If you have gpg2.exe in your PATH,
it should now pop-up Kleopatra to show the keys once
this folder is added to your PATH environment variable:
C:\> gpg2.exe --list-keys
You can always use Windows Explorer or My Computer and ask it
to find gpg.exe or gpg2.exe.  If it finds only one then that is
what you have.  Since you specified gnupg4win-2.1.0.exe there
will be no gpg.exe, just a gpg2.exe.
I leave it as an exercies to you in how to turn off that dumb
hide files misfeature.  While your at it, you may as well set
it to show the entire file name.

@_date: 2013-05-21 18:53:23
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Windows 101 & GPG4WIN 
I assume anybody who has used Windows for a modicum of time
knows the following:
0. I take an extremely dim view of not setting your Windows
   system up to show the ENTIRE file name, including the
   extension.  I have thousands of malware ending in
   ".pdf.exe".  But it is appropriate for another reason
   which you will see shortly.
1. Using runas on Windows XP is only usefule for starting
   programs that will stay around.  Example, use this
   to start the cmd.exe window to type gpg2 in (GPG does NOT
   usually need elevated UAC privileges):  cmd.exe
   OTOH, if you mean runas in terms of the UAC, Windows 7
   doesn't even have a run command input box.  runas in that
   context means you are right clicking on the executable and
   perhaps giving the command higher privileges via the UAC.
   Actually that is more of a problem with Vista than Windows 7.
   Windows 7 usually just prompts you if you want to say,
   install Firefox in the %ProgramFiles% area.
2. Alternatively, cmd.exe can be started via Start, (All) Programs,
   Accessories, cmd (I think that is the name).  This brings
   up a cmd.exe window which will hang around until you close
   it.  THIS IS WHAT YOU SHOULD BE TYPING gpg2.exe and other
   commands in.
3. When you say batch and Windows to me, I filter out the --batch
   meaning of GnuPG.  I assume you are talking about a BAT file.
   (make this point explicit).  Here is an example:
   I leave at as an exercise to download this file (and hopefully
   you have set your browser to download it to the desktop).
   Change the name of the file to testsig.bat.  Now you know
   why I advised that you show the entire file name.  The
   added security when you notice the ".pdf.exe" on the end
   of a file is just a bonus.  But there are times you need
   to see the entire file name not to get all fouled up.
   This is one of those times.
   Right click on the testsig.bat file and from the GPG4Win
   menu make a detached signature file of the testsig.bat file.
   The detached signature file will be named testsig.bat.sig.
   Add this to your PATH (and then logout and back in):
   Double click on the testsig.bat file on XP (you may need to
   do a runas on Windows Vista (horrors) or Windows 7 (better).
   The "pause" in a BAT file prevents the cmd window that
   has just popped up from disappearing until you tap the
   enter key.  But you could also have typed the gpg2.exe
   command in a cmd.exe window.
4, With GPG4Win 2.x I have never needed anything but the GUI
   tools.  Given how brain damaged cmd.exe is compared to
   something like bash or ksh I much prefer doing it the
   Windows GUI way but it is your choice.
5. If you are talking about this with a second user and automating
   the verify with a batch (*.BAT) file they need their own
   separate key-pair.  Then they need to import your key onto
   their key-ring to verify.  Example using my public key:
   You would need my C83946F0 key on the key-servers added to
   yor key-ring and given some sort of trust (suggest only
   local trust), preferably in Kleopatra.

@_date: 2013-05-22 08:20:05
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Generating/Exporting under another user-account(Log on as a batch 
I stand corrected.  This means NOTHING needs to be
added to the PATH if pub is in the PATH AND if you just
use gpg.exe.  You have both gpg.exe and gpg2.exe in the
pub folder.  One of the commands given to gpg2.exe
attempted to open Kleopatra.  If you want Kleopatra,
use the GUI tools.  You are bound to have a collision
with some of those DLL files in the GnuPG folder sooner
or later.  Yes, I looked at ALL of the DLL file names.
But you don't run the gpg.exe command from the Start -> Run
of Windows XP.  You run it from a command window (cmd.exe)
that is ever present until you close the command window.
You can put a "pause" in a BAT file and that WILL stop
a temporary cmd.exe that was messaged from a double click
on a BAT file from closing.  In my UnixUtil scripts an
echo of a message and then a read does the same thing.
It hangs until you press the Enter key.  But once you
tap Enter, the temporary command window closes and
But you can NOT run a command from the Start -> Run of
Windows XP / 2003 Server without the windows immediately
closing once the program or BAT file is finished.  I
thought this was common knowledge for Windows users.
I must be wrong because they took that run feature out
of Windows 7.  On Windows 7 you have no option but to
start a stationary cmd.exe and once that is done this
problem goes away.
Just remember to use gpg.exe in the command window
instead of gpg2.exe if you run into problems.

@_date: 2013-05-24 19:57:35
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: --textmode not retaining the originating EOR 
NO.  At least I could not find it in the man pages.  My memory
is hazy on this (going back over six years) but it seems like
PGP had an over-ride.  If it did, then it violated the RFC.
Werner is correct.  Do not use --textmode" if you want the
original mode for text files preserved.  The default is
--no-textmode implying that is what should be used if you
want to preserve the EOR of the original files.

@_date: 2013-05-25 01:36:27
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: [OT] Why are you using the GPG / PGP keys? 
It looks spot on to me.  I cannot get anybody to use OpenPGP
because most don't use email any more and the few that will
still communicate with me via email say they don't need OpenPGP.
I have only one person that will communicate with me regularly
via email any more and he won't use OpenPGP.  He won't purchase
PGP and he stubbornly resists shifting away from Outlook as his
POP email program that he uses.
First, I have been using email and real Unix since the 1970s.
I didn't use email to avoid paying postage.  Mostly I was mailing
Prolog or other programs to others or them to me before 1995.
Second, a fax is not email either from either a transmission or
a legal standpoint.  Instead of being conducted down the
digital Internet TCP/IP highway, faxes are tunneled through telephony
equipment, digital or analog.  It is not legal to use even an
OpenPGP signature on an email as legal tender in a court of law.
But your hand writeen signature on a document that  faxedis legal
tender in the United States and many other countries.
Third, do a search for "PeskySpammer" in either DuckDuckGo.com or
Google.  Initially I was getting as much as a thousand messages
per day before the bounces subsided as more and more mail admins
finally keyed in on my advice on my blog.  Now I get almost no
bounces at all from mail servers.  Most mail systems drop the
spam messages sent directly from a hacked Windows PC machine that
pretend to come from some place else like a hot potato now.
But PeskySpammer's bots got the fake FROM email addresses
accidentally added to their TO lists.  I am still getting as
many as 100 messages per day because I get all of the messages
for users at the securemecca[gnot]com domain.  Others that have
their emsil set up the same way (they are mail admin for the
domain but have no control over the mail server) will be
getting the same thing.  There is so much spam that almost
nobody will answer me any more.  One of the reasons is that they
start a new email address to fight the spam and don't bother to
close down their old email address.  But most people have made
a permanent shift to Facebook or other social web sites so that
if I really need to contact them, I send them a snail-mail
message.  Many times even that is ignored since they monitor
their Facebook or other social service account messages and
that is all..  This doesn't bode well because I neither want
nor need a Facebook account or an account with the myriad of
other social services.
I suspect most people just select and delete all email messages
in their active email account every few weeks or months.  This
does not bode well for the usage of GnuPG.  I cannot get anybody
I know to use OpenPGP.  Even most of the people at SANS and other
people don't use OpenPGP encryption any more.  Maybe we need
a legal threat that says OpenPGP encryption is going to be taken
away from us to get people to use it.  They will use TLS, SSL or
other encryption that is "built-in" but don't even seem to
take that seriously any more.  I don't know what is happening
but I imagine a sociological or psycnhological dissertation
is in the offing because of people's behavior.  It really is
that bizarre now.  Nibiru - I don't know how many people believe
it but it numbers in the millions.

@_date: 2013-05-28 21:18:57
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: [OT] Why are you using the GPG / PGP keys? 
It is a pretty good two cents but you don't understand where the
encryption is needed most.  What needs to happen is that the aging
SMTP protocol needs to be replaced by a SSMTP (Secure Simple Mail
Transfer Protocol):
See "Mail Delivery Fix".  I have had a sysadmin for a Mathematics
department that I respect both professionally and personally that
didn't think too much of it because of all the shady SSL certs
for web-sites.  Yes, the shady SSL certs are there but I expect
people to use some common sense.  It would help if something like
a browser would allow you temporarily to over-ride the warning.
But what does Firefox and other browsers want to do?  They want
to PERMANENTLY store the exception.  The over-ride should have
that box unchecked.  You should only check it when you are sure
the warning is in error. We could end up with a list of shady email
certificates that the spam houses could block as well. But that
is better than nothing at all. Here is an email header for you
to look at:
(the Originating IP is where the email message really came
from, not 000123gw[GNAT]att.net - and it is a machine that
is in A-YAHOO-US9 that sent the message showing how deep
the problem is - yes, an infected windows machine at Yahoo
sent the message)
PeskySpammer saw me using the term hash-user in my blog so they
sold that email address to other spammers. PeskySpammer is either
completely in the Newark, NJ area or at least have a presence
there.  Not all of these spammers are in Russia or China.
PeskySpammer does more than just spam too.  They need a constant
crop of infected Windows machines to mail from.  They email out
dastardly links pretending to be somebody else (but Thunderbird
which is no longer available in Gnome 3 on OpenSuSE 12.3 that I
could see) does make the hidden links visible:
But not only young people today, but a lot of people that used
to use email no longer use it.  Unless a way to get rid of the
spam can be devised only a few stalwarts that MUST use email
will use it.  But I dumped Gnome 3 entirely after looking at
OpenSuSE 12.3 with Gnome as the last straw because I could only
use Firefox and LibreOffice.  This smart-phone GUI on a desktop
shows that thinking is in short supply.  But they just approved
the iPhone and iPad for military use now.  The world is changing
but most of the changes aren't good.
The spammers and spear-phishers (mostly Chinese) have killed
email.  It is not so much that people have moved on but we
need opt-in policies and a thorough overhaul to make email
work again and nobody wants to do it.

@_date: 2013-05-28 23:00:06
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Relevance of e-mail (was [OT] Why are you using the GPG / PGP 
I use OpenPGP to sign my downloads for others.  Everybody
using my stuff are either French, Belgian, or Canadian
French.  The Linux people DO use the detached signature
files to verify that some hacker didn't sneak in and whack
things.  Don't laugh. The hackers HAVE hit my web-site and
despite the fact I don't use SQL it doesn't mean that SQL
isn't on the multi-homed web-server.  The hackers did do
damage to some of my pages and will probably continue to
do so.  The hackers are interested in replacing the downloads
with some copycat that would say, block legitimate web-sites
and allow infecting web-sites through. The web-site damage
I am referring to is NOT done by just some infected PC sending
SQL attack packets to web-sites at random.  These attacks
are done on purpose by a person / people. So OpenPGP detached
signatures DO help.  Why replace my downloads with false
downloads if the verification fails. I will know immediately
if my .profile or .bashrc files or other relevant files
have been tampered with.
It would be nice for other blockers to use OpenPGP enciphered
email messages where we discuss bad web-sites since an email
scanner WILL block the message.  Encrypting attachments with
7-Zip's AES-128 is messy and time consuming.  IOW, I have a
need for both OpenPGP enciphered email AND OpenPGP signed
email messages because hackers have attacked me and will
continue to attack.  Hackers have sent messages purportedly
from these other people.  But I know their sending IP
addresses and do check these suspicious messages.  But that
is time consuminmg so an OpenPGP signed message would
go a long way to ease my mind.  I got the very same
malicious link in an email message that took down Google
several years ago. The only differnce is that I use
Thunderbird with no HTML rendering for my main email despite
having four web-mail accounts. The spear attack looked
amateurish to me.  But if Google and others would have
used OpenPGP signed messages regularly, until the keys
are stolen and the pass-phrase sniffed, OpenPGP signed
mails CAN enhance security.
Whether people recognize it or not, many of the Linux
distros use OpenPGP signatures in *.deb, *.rpm and other
update files to verify that they really did come from where
they are purportedly from.  More than once on a Linux
distro update I get a message that says "This update
cannot be verified.  Do you want it?"  NO!  I will wait
for the update package that can be verified.  What is
doing the verification?  OpenPGP for every Linux distro
I have used for years.

@_date: 2013-05-29 19:09:12
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: certificat for a key pair 
If you are using Thunderbird, do NOT install enigmail with an
apt-get with a sudo!  Also do not set up one common folder but
have separate email sections for each POP or IMAP email account.
Another way to add enigmail to Thunderbird:
Add it as yourself, not as root.  The apt-get way of doing
things here may not work.  You end up installing it in the
system thunderbird (/usr/lib/thunderbird) folder.  You
want enigmail installed in your ~/.thunderbird folder.
Once enigmail is installed, you can specify specifically
what key you want used with each email account by clicking
on the email account and then view settings then OpenPGP.
If you are using Evolution, GnuPG support is built in.
Just make sure it is set to use your GPG key and the
GPG key has your edgard-devaux at gmx.fr or other POP
email accounts set up.
You cannot use GnuPG with web-mail easily any more.
I have no experience with Icedove but it should be
similar to Thunderbird.

@_date: 2013-05-30 06:28:55
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: certificat for a key pair 
Hash: SHA256
First, whose advice?  I was advised to blacklist nouveau with
a certain file on OpenSuSE 11.4 that didn't exist because Linux
cannot upgrade the video drivers when you install a new video
card so I had to do the upgrade manually as it always has been
done.  Hint:  look for a file with the pattern "blacklist" in
the /etc/modprobe.d/ folder and put the "blacklist nouveau" in
that file to get it to accept the new Nvidia driver - similarly
for Ubuntu which is Debian based for 10.04:
OpenSuSE also installed the clamav program without creating
the requisite clamav group and clamav user (it really IS
necessary).  Ergo, much advice while being given with good
intentions is wrong.  Sometimes that wrong hurts and some
times it doesn't hurt.
In the case of adobe flash Player, just like downloading  my
video drivers files from either the chip creator or the video
card creator it hurts.  For Windows it doesn't hurt too bad
unless you are a gamer.  The drivers from Micorosoft are at
least 3 months and most likely 6 months to a year older than
what you get from the chip vendor.  For adobe flash player you
get a convoluted list of symlink files and no way to backroll
to the previous flash player because of lib or other problems,
with the Ubuntu update not supplying the update anyway.  So I
do it myself:
(click on flash player under downloads)
Now I can backroll if needed.  Sysadmins for even small Linux
shops will set up a symlink on each machine in the plugins
to point to yet another symlink on a UFS mount.  They then
just remove and re-establish the symlink on the NFS mount to
point to the new flash player.  If they run into problems they
just point the symlink on the UFS mount back to the old binary.
That beats the convoluted mess I saw employed by Ubuntu where
they even had links going through /etc for flash player. Ubuntu
doesn't want to handle the flash player anyway since it is
licensed by Adobe.
In the case of enigmail, it is an add-on and like Firefox the
enigmail is just an XPI install file. Just like the XPI installs
got Adblock Plus (ABP), Cookie-Safe, and other Firefox add-ons
which are installed into ~/.mozilla/firefox, by Firefox, the
enigmail XPI install add-on gets installed into ~/.thunderbird
by Thunderbird.  That is the proper way to do it.
That is how I did it with OpenSuSE 11.4 which is an RPM based
Linux.  This time around I just closed Thunderbird on OpenSuSE,
removed all the files in ~/.thunderbird/${HASH}.default/Cache,
then made a backup:
$ cd ; umask 077 ; rm /home/backups/${USERNAME}/thunderbird.7z
$ 7za a -p /home/backups/${USERNAME}/thunderbird.7z ./.thunderbird
(this zips it with an AES-128 encryption - supply password)
I installed Thunderbird on Ubuntu 10.04 (the end of the line)
via Synaptic Package Manager.  I then copied the thunderbird.7z
file onto a flash drive and from it onto the Ubuntu machine which
had an older version of Thunderbird.  I then unzipped it into
the ${HOME} folder.  When Thunderbird started it automatically
checks and in that case backrolled to the previous version of
enigmail because of an older version of thunderbird.  Two days
later Ubuntu upgraded Thunderbird with me closing the Thunderbird
program first via the File - Quit method.  If you click on the
X icon Thunderbird may continue to run during the upgrade!  When
I started Thunderbird again it updated enigmail to the newer
version of enigmail.  Where did the enigmail downgrade and
upgrade come from?  The Mozilla distributed mirror download
servers.  You are going to get the proper version of enigmail
from them eventually so why not start there in the first place?
That is what the RPM based distros do anyway.  They consider it
safe enough and so do I. Debian was royally hacked years ago and
even linux.org (where the kernel is) was hacked a year or so
ago.  I haven't heard of the Mozilla mirrors being hacked but
it is possible. Even then you are depending on randomly
getting the bad enigmail XPI file from the hacked mirror server.
You are much more likely to get the new one.
Actually I regularly zip the ~/.thunderbird folder and transfer
it to ,y other machine to keep both versions in sync.
Thunderbird has never failed in older ---> newer.  It may fail
if you do a newer ---> older but only if the older version of
Thunderbird doesn't know what to do with a newer files.  I of
course move ~/.thunderbird to ~/zzz.thunderbird before putting
the new  files from the other machine in place.  This sneaker-net
synchronization has never failed.  You would probably turn
pale at doing it.  Me?  I have redundant mail on two systems in
case one machine fails (which has happened).  That is infinitely
more important than worrying how enigmail got installed into
my ~/.thunderbird folder.  If you want to use apt-get go ahead
but don't blame me when you shift to an RPM based Linux distro
and have to do it the Mozilla way anyway.
Oh yes, I have been using Unix since the 1970s, and have been a
Unix admin since the 1980s.  I can do things like re-establishing
install.  Why does Linux lose it when I have never had real Unix
lose it?  I don't know.

@_date: 2013-08-31 23:24:43
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Recommended key size for life long key 
And I was flamed for suggesting a 4096 bit key just a short six
years ago.  Currently I am using 2048R/2048R but I don't have
top-secret needs. You should tailor your keys lengths and other
factors to both yours AND OTHERS needs. The last time I checked
I wasn't enciphering top-secret level embassy communiques.  Make
your keys to match their intended uses and part of that is what
others can handle. But other than your key size maybe being too
large for an iPhone (currently) all the rest of the advice you
have given here is good.  I noticed my previous 4096R/4096R did
take a little bit of time and would not be appropriate for a
person with s single core CPU so my current keys are 2048R/2048R
so they can handle it.  I especially like your fountain of youth
analogy.  It lets people know that there is no totally secure.
There is only what is currently best for yours and others
you communicate with needs.
My main concern is that they don't upload those keys instantly to the
key-servers after creating them.  Play around with them for a while.
Many people create keys with the following factors
- no expire date - my current ones were for ten years but I can
  always revoke them if the key sizes finally become too small.
  They have lasted 2+ years now and I see no reason for them
  not to last at least another 3-5 years.  But the day will come
  when they will no longer be adequate.  There is no such thing
  as keys that can be used forever.
- key sizes too large for THEIR needs and most especially for
  other people's needs.  The key size really should be created
  to match OTHER people's needs more than yours.
- passphrases that are either too short and simple or the opposite
  of being so long and and convoluted that even a top Jeopardy
  champion couldn't remember them.
- no thought or knowledge of changing the preferences of their
  ciphers, digests and other factors.  It isn't just the key sizes.
  - uploaded WAY too soon to the key-servers without playing
  around with them for a while.  This last issue is CRITICAL.
  They just don't understand the need to play and think for
  a sufficiently long time.  They want to use what they have
  with others immmediately.  LEARN PATIENCE!
- don't immediately generate a key revoke and encipher the
  revoke file.
I think most beginners would actually be better off with
writing down their pass-phrase and storing it in a safety box
but at the same time giving their keys a reasonable expire date.
That is better than a key that they don't use enough, forget the
pass-phrase, and then their key is lodged on the key-servers
forever with no expration date and no chance for it to
gracefully expire and pass on into history.  It would also
give them the opportunity to revoke the keylater on.  I know.
I said they should generate a revoke key file but they didn't
do it.  But at least with with the pass-phrase in a strong
box they have the opportunity to revoke and upload the revoked
keys to the key-servers.
The 10K bit key size being spoken should be a play-toy to
find out why it should NOT be used.  That ten minutes to
generate with the hottest CPU out there would probably be a
pain for me even with my dual-core and lower level quad-core
systems.  I suspect it may take as long as ten seconds to verify
a signed message. They would have no problems sending me an
enciphered message with my shorter 2048R key and even a
TWOFISH cipher. But I would suspect me sending them a PK
enciphered message even with a CAST5 symmetric cipher as
their first choice would take a LONG time.  For an iPhone
user it would be utterly impossible.  PITA my foot!  Just
remember there are probably more iPhone users now than there
are PC owners.

@_date: 2013-09-02 04:04:23
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Can I revitalise an old key-pair? 
Pete, it is not your advice which I agree with whole-heartedly
but Debian's choice of order for their digests and to a certain
extent their symmetric ciphers where they made the unwarranted
assumption that bigger is better and biggest is best.  Remember
the person on the other side may NOT have your latest and
greatest umpteen-core machine. Taking those people into account
this may be better choice (and is NOT what I use but is close):
setpref SHA256 SHA512 SHA384 SHA224
Actually I have SHA1 as the option before SHA384 and don't
have SHA224 due to some statements that lead me to believe
it could cause problem.  Maybe there wouldn't be problems.
But what if SHA1 is all they can do?  Okay, you can do it but
I don't like it. But SHA1 is better than nothing especially if
it is for just a one-off message.
The reason why is if you pick SHA512 first, while more secure
(unless the argument that they are all vulnerable to the same
attack since they are all the same family) your detached
signatures will be awfully large.  SHA384 and SHA224 may have
limited or no support.  Paradoxically, AES256 & AES192 had
weaknesses that made them less safe than AES (AES-128) several
years back.  May I humbly suggest TWOFISH or one of the
CAMELLLIA ciphers as a first choice UNTIL you determine whether
or not the fixes for AES-256 and AES-192 are retroactive?  DID
THEY GET THEM FIXED?  I am just assuming they did but that means
I HOPE the older implementation and the newer one can easily be
discerned when you do the decipher. If that can not be done
then you would have needed to decipher the old style AES-256
before the change happened and will be hosed if time rolls on
and that was not done. CAST5 is a good last choice because some
of the time that is all others can handle. Make sure CAST5 is
always a last or next to last choice because that may be all that
they can do with a limited horsepower box.  You may even want
3DES as a last option for those that got stuck there for some
reason.  IDEA?  Your call.  I assume everybody can handle CAST5.
Compression?  The symmetric ciphers seem to always have better
compression than either zlib (gzip) or zip.  They are on par
with either bzip2 or 7-zip (7-zip is not available in OpenPGP).
I would just use and do use "Uncompressed".
Even if the orginal writer can dig up their old keys (the
key-servers have only the public side), do they remember their
pass-phrase?  I know others will disagree with me on this but
that is why I say you should have (unless you work for Amnesty
International, a government attache, high levels of a company
with confidential data, etcetera):
1. Keys created with a time to expire.  I know my 10 year
lifetime is ambitious and they will probably have to be revoked
before then.  But keys with no expire dates are just crazy.
If for no other reason a reasonable time-span (10 years is
really stretching it) allows people to walk away and their
old keys on the key servers will gracefully and mercifully
expire. What happens if you got struck by a Peterbilt and were
killed?  But even if you didn't get killed you can NOT use
them forever.  Time marches on and what was good 10+ years
ago (3DES) is no match for modern CPU power. Actually all
those top-secret places should be creating keys that expire
as well.  Keys that last forever are an impossible hope.
2. A revoke file created with --gen-revoke redirected to a
file and then the file enciphered.  See number 4.
3. The pass-phrase written down on a sheet of paper  and stored
in a safe place.  Remember this is advice for "normal" people.
Did I do this with mine?  No, but that is because I use them
almost every day.  Store this in a DIFFERENT LOCATION than
where the backup of the keys and the backup of revoke are stored
(see next).  Ditto for the passwords of the zips.  Store them
with the pass-phrase, NOT with the zips.  But be sure to store
both where you can get them later.
4. If possible, the backup of the keys themselves in an
an enciphered file, along with the enciphered revoke all put
in a safety deposit box where if somebody wants to get them
later and use them they can.
Backups of the keys on 'nix use an xterm or some sort of
terminal can use my crypt script available here (or some
$ cd ; umask 077
$ tar -cf gnupg.tar ./.gnupg
# the equivalent of my:
$ crypt gnupg.tar
# this will give you a gnupg.tar.gpg file which is what
# you want to put into safe storage.
# undoing, put gnupg.tar.gpg in home folder and
# cd ; umask 077
$ if [ -s gnupg.tar.gpg ]
Alternatively, 7-zip could be used with its built-in AES128 bit
cipher which MAY avoid a chicken versus egg problem (you are
deciphering a ~/.gnupg folder which should already exist or
will be created when you decipher if you use gpg or gpg2 which
is not an issue if you use 7-zip):
$ cd ; umask 077
$ 7za a -p gnupg.7z ./.gnupg
# to undo:
$ cd ; umask 077
$ if [ -s gnupg.7z ]
Was any of that done?  NO?  Then you didn't look ahead.  Do it
when you generate your new keys and especially point 1.  An
even better option if you had done this with all your previous
keys is to just revoke all your old keys one by one and upload
the revoked keys to the key-servers.  Then generate some new
keys with reasonable (REMEMBER THE OTHERS YOU WILL INTERACT
WITH) defaults.  Make sure you do all of the foregoing with the
new and create the backups.  Put the hand-written pass-phrase
and passwords for the zips some some place other than where the
zips are stored but all of them in a safe place.
All I know is there are a LOT of keys that will never die and
NOBODY knows their pass-phrase that are on the key-servers.
Actually top-secret types should decipher their stuff regularly
with the old keys right before the old keys expire, revooke
the keys, create new keys and then re-encipher everyting with
the new keys.  You just cannot expect keys created ten years
ago to be sufficient for todays needs.  Making huge sized keys
while tantalizing just makes it a royal pain interacting with
you now.  4096R/4096R is about the upper limit for now and I
considered them too large when I went back to 2048R/2048R about
two years ago.  I could handle the 4096R pair but could others?

@_date: 2013-09-02 22:36:28
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: AES256 & AES192. (Was: Can I revitalise an old key-pair?) 
Short answer - it wasn't changed and Bruce Schneier still
considers AES-128 to be more secure than AES-256.  Now you
can tap delete.
It is time for Werner, Robert, and the others to speak up.
I usually tailor my statements to novices just getting
started.  It is just that AES-256 is NOT necessarily twice
as secure as AES-128.  In fact going up in bits sometimes
gets you only marginal improvements that are closer to
logarithmic than straight line.  But this time it seems
AES-256 is STILL not as secure as AES (AES-128):
First of Schneier's blogs:
Second of Schneier's blogs:
[Note that Serpent is referenced as a backup plan. If you look
at Bruce's 1:22 PM comment he recommends AES-128 (AES) over
AES-256 due to the poor key-schedule for AES-256. I changed my
cipher order several weeks later with no evidence to the contrary.
For novices you can do that any time you change your mind - but
I have always had TWOFISH first despite his deprecating remarks
about his own 32-bit world cipher.]
Note the figures at the start of "Abstract".  Even those are
practically unbreakable.  The quick fix was to use more rounds
but my research is drawing a blank so I suspect nothing was done.
Even so, infecting your machine or hacking into it somehow which
may include personal visits and real world physical lock-picking
is more likely to get them what they want than attacking any of
these ciphers with ANY sort of cipher attack.
There are also different ways for doing the AES family depending
on where they are used with some being weaker implementations
than others.  E.g., in OpenSSL you cannot afford the luxury of
a single machine munching away like it is in GnuPG which means
GnuPG most likely has the strongest implementation of the AES
family.  It will be what ever is in the RFC:
All I was pointing out was that AES-256 versus AES-128 does NOT
imply AES-256 is twice as secure as AES-128.  The idea that just
because it is twice the size then it must be twice as secure
is just a novice point of view.  The quick fix was to use more
rounds and I just assumed that may have been done.  Evidently
I assumed wrong.
Most ciphers have known weaknesses.  But there are lots of crypto
people that work over-time on analyzing them for weaknesses.  That
includes a lot of people here who should speak up because they know
more than me.  I am too busy processing the three variants of
the mini-downloader trojans and wondering why they delivered
the almost same code all at once.  They do a lot of experiments so
it is probably to measure how much the same time reduces their
effectivenes over spreading them out with as little as 8 hours or
as much as 48 hours between each release.  Only 1-2/47 of the AV
at VirusTotal were detecting both the the zips and the exes.
It takes a week  or longer for detection to reach the halfway
mark.  Even after a month about 10-25% of the AV still won't detect
and probably never will - Zeus variant mini-downloader.

@_date: 2013-09-04 03:37:28
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: my statements were twisted (was Security of 3DES) 
NO TWO PEOPLE ARE THE SAME!  The main thing I am saying is to
make choices work for you but at the same time consider the
others you interact with.  Taking my choices is NOT any better
than the ones on the Debian page.  You have to find your own.
If you have a problem with that I will don my Psychologist cap
and do analysis instead.
I won't answer the other questions because you have grossly
misinterpreted me.  My major point was that what was picked in
that list had the idea that bigger is better and biggest is best.
Zipping was required.
I dropped my 4096R keys and went from them to 2048R more not from
the point of view of which is safer but more from the point of
view of being reasonable for others.  Ditto for going from the
SHA512 hash down to SHA256.  Now I realize that there is a lot
more going on in GnuPG than just using sha256sum and sha512sum.
Nevertheless, doing tests on creating the hashes on 1000 files
made it quite evident that SHA256 wasn't that much of a burden
over SHA1.  But sha512sum consumed gobs more time than using
sha256sum.  So I switched not only the key sizes but the DIGEST
to SHA256 as my first choice.  How bad was SHA512 in other ways?
There were some times the  detached ".sig" files were as large
as or even larger than the base files!  But it was NOT what ever
I thought was the best for me security-wise driving the decision.
It was the needs and desires of others.  You don't live in a vacuum.
Having that much extra for the task at hand was gross over-kill.
There is nothing wrong with 3DES from my point of view.  There
may be from other people's point of view and that includes people
making government specifications that ignore the fact that CAST5
has not had as much crypton-analysis done on it than has been
done with 3DES.  Have you ever heard the statement "there is
the right way, the wrong way, and the Navy way"?  In that case
it is NOT your choice driving the decision.  If you were not
supposed to use 3DES then by golly you better not use it.
Didn't I make the statement that you are far more likely to lose
your secret documents via a hacker infecting your machine and
stealing them that way than attacking any of these ciphers?
Didn't I say you are more likely to have somebody go into your
house and attach a key-logger to the end of your keyboard than
by them attacking any of these ciphers directly?  Why did you
ignore these statements?
I only mentioned that 3DES should be considered for low powered
machines.  That statement stands.  If you want 3DES as your first
choice on an umpteen core machine go ahead. Other people with
lower powered machines will be delighted with your choice.  I will
get it implicitly only when that is all they can do but choose not
to add it to my list of ciphers.  Don't feel people have to pick
what you picked.  I hope they pick what works best for them and
the others they interact with.
My whole point is that they lined up things with a bigger is
better and biggest is best mentality.  There are times when
other factors are just as important as the security is.  There
are also the times as in AES vs. AES-256 where bigger doesn't
always mean better - at least according to Bruce Schneier's
thinking.  If you want to argue that point argue it with Bruce,
not me.  Me?  I took his advice and moved the AES to the head
of the AES line-up.  I was about to drop the AES-192 for one
of the Camellia ciphers (see my PS at the end).  It is called
free choice but I will make it considering the needs of others,
not just slap down the biggest one or the smallest one.
As for the zip algorithms I was thinking more along the lines of
what is going on in email and the fact that I much prefer 7-zip
over all the zip algorithms you can specify. You will NEVER
get 7-zip in GnuPG.  Now please don't misunderstand me on that
as well! All I am saying is that 7-zip will never be added to
GnuPG and I prefer 7-zip.  So I will do my compressing outside
of GnuPG.  But there is more going on.  First for what is
going on in email using one of the malware I got yesterday
pretending to come from the Royal Bank of Scotland:
 8859 Sep  4 01:26 base64.zip
11978 Sep  4 01:25 DOC_Sue_Wagner.bin
16870 Sep  4 01:21 DOC_Sue_Wagner.eml
 8859 Sep  4 01:18 DOC_Sue_Wagner.zip
The DOC_Sue_Wagner.eml was the email saved as is from
Thunderbird.  In adddition to the ASCII-fied zip it has a fair
sized headers, MIME markings and other things.  The file named
DOC_Sue_Wagner.bin was the eml file stripped down to just the
ASCII zip.  The base64.zip was the conversion from the bin
file to a zip file using base64 -i -d.  The DOC_Sue_Wagner.zip
file was saved as is from Thunderbird.  DOC_Sue_Wagner.zip and
base64.zip are the same:
$ sha1sum   base64.zip  DOC_Sue_Wagner.zip
1a060a72519e5bf171a45fd642f9a83bc9a6a64d  base64.zip
1a060a72519e5bf171a45fd642f9a83bc9a6a64d  DOC_Sue_Wagner.zip
$ hexcmp   base64.zip  DOC_Sue_Wagner.zip
# nothing spit out and zero returned which means all of the
# nth bytes are always the same.
But in this case it is a wash.  Whether zipped or not there
just isn't that much more of saving when things go to ASCII
so why bother?  All that does is slow both you and them down.
If it is a super huge file then I just zip it on the outside
with 7-zip.  Both 7-zip and bzip2 beat gzip and zip although
there are times when the orders are different.  On average
bzip2 usually is about 10% to 15% larger than 7-zip, gzip is
larger than bzip2 and zip is the largest of all.  But one
more thing 7-zip does for me is throw out the UID:GID.
Thus due to the email considerations and what I said pick your
own zip poison for GnuPG.  For me it will continue to be
Like I said, there is no one BEST choice for everybody. If
you disagree with somebody else's choice do it without being
PS  I think I am going to revoke my keys and just say to
    hell with OpenPG encryption.  It isn't worth it.
