
@_date: 2005-04-25 21:28:49
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Cant create directory error 
I don't know whether he has Apache in a default config on a 'nix box
or what.  I am assuming he has some version of 'nix with the word "root"
in the lines.  If it is a default config, then he has an Apache user:
Password Entries:
hhhobbit:x:500:500:Henry Hertz Hobbit:/home/hhhobbit:/bin/bash
Group Entries:
He can create the .gnupg folder as an ordinary user or as root, but in
any case he will have to move the folder (eventually) to /var/www and
chown and chgrp it to apache.  On Linux:
cd # to where your .gnupg was created
cp -rp .gnupg /var/www
cd /var/www
chown -R apache:apache .gnupg
chmod 700 .gnupg
cd .gnupg
chmod 400 *
There is one tricky problem; apache has the /sbin/nologin shell which
means apache cannot login, but I assume that is easily handled by the
way it is started up, and the fact that you are forking off another
process off of something already running.
Henry Hertz Hobbit

@_date: 2005-08-03 08:26:07
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: throughput of GnuPG symmetric ciphers 
I have read what you have given, but this is a tuned and specifically
tailored version of AES.  Further, it is an advertising spiel rather
than a fair, unbiased quantitative analysis of both the software version
of AES, and the Eden processor.  I suspect the actual speeds are 3-4
times of GnuPG for the software, but the hardware version is probably
signicantly faster than software.  This begs the entire question
though.  Read on and you will see why I say that.
I don't know the answer to this quetion.  I suspect that it has not been
done.  The problem with tailoring it for speed is that you then lock
your way onto one specific CPU chip, whereas GnuPG was meant to be
portable across a broad variety of chips from SPARC RISC, PowerPC,
Intel, etc.
Given the size of the files that you are encrypting, I would strongly
advise going with the Eden chip rather than a software based solution.
So you achieve a performance advantage that cuts the times to 1/4 at
best for something other than GnuPG via software.  Is that still going
to cut it for what you are doing?  You never said how often you are
going to do it, but 200 GB files are HUGE!  I strongly advise going with
the Eden or other hardware chips optimized for encryption for your
Then on the other hand, maybe somebody will optimize the algorithm for
your specific purpose for the price (I am NOT offering my services - I
leave that for others to pursue).

@_date: 2005-08-03 09:31:11
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Where's my private key? 
On the machine where you HAVE your keys:
tar -czf gpg.tgz ./.gnupg
copy the gpg.tgz on to some removable storage medium.  It will easily
fit on a floppy. If you don't have keys yet at home, on that machine
(you suggested you have Linux both at home and work but I don't know
for sure) then all you have to do is copy the the file to your home
directory and type:
tar -xzf gpg.tgz
On the other hand, if you already have your own key ring at home you
will need to import the keys.  There are the following three files
in the .gnupg folder:
pubring.gpg     # stores the public keys
secring.gpg     # has your secret keys
trustdb.gpg     # the levels of trust for signed keys
You should just be able export both your public and secret keys at
work, and then import them at home if you already have an existing
set of keys there using:
gpg --export > all.gpg
where the keys are, copy the all.gpg file to a floppy and take it
home and type
gpg --import all.gpg
That will get you ALL of the keys, both public and secret.  You will
of course have to give YOUR imported secret key the highest level of
trust when signing it because after all, it is YOUR key.
Never fear, I do this all of the time, but normally just copying the
keys (I also copy but old public pubring.gpg~ and the random_seed file
as well) from one Linux box which is authoratative to multiple boxes
running Windows, Linux, and the BSDs.
If one of the machines is running Windows (you said Linux at home),
please let me know and I will tell you how to do it there.  Just
remember that if you do NOT have any keys yet on the one machine, you
are better off just copying the entire .gnupg (on Windows it is in
aother folder in your Documents and Settings area) contents to the other
machine.  If you already have keyrings on both machines, then export
from one and import on the other one.
PS  Please reply to the Cc: address, not this one.

@_date: 2005-06-10 23:57:15
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Can't find public key during encryption 
I suspect that the [HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\GNU\GNUPG] key
on one of the machines (you said cluster but intimated that it
consisted of only two machines) is wrong.  You must have a
separate key for each machine since each machine has their
own registry.  The only thing that is hard coded in the source
code is for a failure of the GetTempPath() function in
g10\exec.c file:
  if(tmp==NULL)
    {
 defined (_WIN32)
      tmp=m_alloc(256);
      if(GetTempPath(256,tmp)==0)
        strcpy(tmp,"c:\\windows\\temp");
If the registry key isn't the problem, then I suspect the
gpg.conf file is either different or not there on the one
machine and user you are having problems with.
Henry Hertz Hobbit

@_date: 2005-03-11 10:48:34
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Current Zimmerman 
Does anybody know the most up to date URL pages on where Phil Zimmerman is and what he is doing?  Evidently, everything I am trying is the wrong to way to go about it in search engines.  I did see the page where he embedded his phone number in the text, and wondered if that one is the most current one (which alas, I did not bookmark).

@_date: 2005-03-16 15:08:07
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Phil Zimmerman 
gnupg-users- wrote (in the Digest):
I wrote the query but was curious why you posted my query but not
Werner's reply.  Here is what Werner gave me:
www: I won't give the rest because all of it is on the web page.  I hope
he is doing well.  Most of you cannot remember what it was like in
the old days.  Most encryption books cost near $100. Even though I
was working with some encryption code professionally at the time,
when I tried to purchase the books, I couldn't get them.  If they
were classified as munitions, you could not buy them.  Phil went
through a lot to open things up in the United States,
Shalom back at you Werner

@_date: 2005-03-26 06:11:26
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Total n00b asking for help 
Okay, here are the instructions:
First, this web page MAY be a little bit outdated.  I will
note any deviations for 1.4.1 if I see them.
DOWNLOADING & INTEGRITY CHECKS:
I am assuming you are from an English speaking area, and worse
yet, that you are in the United States.  If not, go back to the
starting web page:
and pick your language.  Then go to the mirrors and get ready
to download.  For English & the United States:
The United States:
Go into the binary directory:
Download the following files:
and optionally these:
Once GnuPG is installed and working, and you have added
Werner Koch's public key to your key ring, you could verify
that all of the above are okay by typing (IN a Command Prompt
INSIDE a folder where both the gnupg-w32cli-1.4.1.exe and the
gnupg-w32cli-1.4.1.exe.sig files are) for the installer of
gpg  --verify  gnupg-w32cli-1.4.1.exe.sig
I just checked all of them this way, and every one of them
are okay, but you can't do that right now (chicken versus the
egg problem), so they have kindly provided a sha1sum check
sum program that you can check the integrity:
sha1sum sha1sum.exe
4a578ecd09a2d0c8431bdd8cf3d5c5f3ddcddfc9  sha1sum.exe
sha1sum gnupg-w32cli-1.4.1.exe
db573a6c3707f65797b569efda7e0905c4c4469c  gnupg-w32cli-1.4.1.exe
The SHA1 check sums can be found here:
INSTALLING GNUPG:
I am going to make another assumption, and that is that you
are using Home XP with the default C: system disk.  For Windows
2000 / NT / XP Pro, substitute C:\WINNT for C:\Windows.  If
you have a different SYSTEM drive, substitute accordingly.
[1] Double click on the gnupg-w32cli-1.4.1.exe file and take
the defaults for the install.  The web page is wrong on steps
3 and 4.  The install does all of it for you now.
[1a] (optional) I copy the *.exe and *.dll files from the
C:\Program Files\GNU\GnuPG to C:\Windows.  If you do this
just remember that each time you reinstall do the same thing
each time.  If not, then add GnuPG to your PATH environment
variable as the Mozilla page outlines in step 5.
[2] If you don't have it already, create the folder:
C:\Documents and Settings\YOURNAME\Application Data\GnuPG
Actually, GnuPG should create it for you.  You should substitute YOUR user name for "YOURNAME."
[3] Edit the attached gnupg_bob.reg file.  Every place it
says "bob", replace it with YOUR user name.  Then double
click on the file to enter the registry entries.  I just
automated step 6 somewhat, but REALIZE THAT THE PATH TO
THE EXECUTABLES HAS CHANGED!
[4] To create your keys, Start a Command Prompt, and in it
type "gpg --gen-key".  Take the default key size, BUT MAKE
YOUR KEY EXPIRE IN ONE YEAR!  The keys should be in the folder
you created in Step 2.  You can find more on doing this some
place OTHER than this short instruction list.  PICK YOUR PASS
PHRASE CAREFULLY!  It should be easy for you to remember, and
hard for others to guess.
[5] Since you may forget your pass phrase, you need to
generate a revocation key.  To do this type:
gpg --list-keys
REM Find your KEYID, or use your mail account name.
gpg -a --gen-revoke > YOURNAME_rev.asc
[6] If GnuPG didn't create a gpg.conf file for you, then
do it per the instructions on the Mozilla web instruction
[7] copy the secring.gpg and pubring.gpg files and your
REVOKE key off and store them some place safe.  If you
need to revoke your public key at a later date, you will
need to --import the revocation, and submit that to a
keyserver (IF YOU SUBMIT IT TO A KEYSERVER).
There are some good tips on the web page.  I just provided
a bridge to the new way of doing things with GPG 1.4.1,
since they bundled everything into one install package,
and you don't have to do anything except verify, then point
and double click - mostly.
Integrating GnuPG into ThunderBird:
Just follow the steps at:
It seems fairly easy for me to do.  It is a lot easier
than the struggling I did to get it shoehorned into
Outlook Express.  It works much better as well.  Now
somebody else is going to have to tell you how to make
Norton Anti-Virus to stop marking encrypted messages
as SPAM just because it can't make sense out of them.
I don't mind Norton scanning for viruses / worms, but
it is the responsibility of them to look for the PGP
and GnuPG and other OpenPGP compliant messages to
realize what they are without me saying ANYTHING.

@_date: 2005-03-26 06:27:21
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Total n00b asking for help 
Since somebody else wrote it and got it wrong as well, I will
correct it for everybody.  I do NOT think it needs the libiconv
zip file with 1.4.1.  I did the install, and it put the dll file
in there.  Works like a charm for me.  Somebody with a language
other than English please speak up so we know what is going on.
YOU still will need the gnupg.reg file or enter everything manually
for the registry entry.  You COULD make shortcuts for executables
in Windows, or add the path, or copy the executables like I do.
Actually, I copy them into the C:\bin folder which is used by
CygWin and is already in my path.
I WOULD advise that before you get ready to integrate it into 0.9
Thunderbird that you upgrade Thunderbird to the latest version as
well.  That would be version 1.0.2.  It fixes some very noticeable
security problems (phishing), and you should also upgrade to the
latest version of Firefox as well.

@_date: 2005-05-05 06:20:48
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: 2 noob problems 
PUNT!  REALLY!
[1]  You don't sign your own key.  I would suggest you do the
following to handle the problem.
gpg --gen-revoke 0E6B06FF
gpg -a --export 0E6B06FF > matthew_east.asc
Now upload the revoked key to the server.  It will still
hang around a while, but at least you can get rid of it.
[2] Delete EVERYTHING.  Start new, but don't play around
with the key servers.  Pick your keys to expire in one
year, and a big enough keysize for the symmetric crypts.
SEND your key to another user (yes, I will help out) and
just privately sign this other person's key and do some
[3] Once you have a more firm idea of what you are doing,
THEN you can upload your public key to a key server.
[4] One thing that I have noticed is that the key servers
are notorious for passing the buck to another key server.
I would like to say that opening up ports 10 and 11371 on
the router will help, but it won't because even if the
router allows it in, which private NAT address is it
supposed to send the packet to?  All the keyserver on
the outside knows is your WAN address, and it MUST send
it to that address even if it KNOWS your internal IP NAT
address.  That is why I say that the keyserver model
should work more like DNS.  I don't care if the keyserver
that I sent the request to hands it off to another key
server to do the dirty work - the reply should come back
to the one I sent the request to.
It beats me if that helps you, but you CAN get my private
key from MIT (along with the email address it is tied to
by going to:
You will notice I did NOT sign my own key.  Since I created it
and also have the secret half of the key as well, it has ultimate
authority (unless I have a multiple personality disorder).
Henry Hertz Hobbit
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at Netscape. Just the Net You Need.
New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at

@_date: 2005-09-20 09:25:37
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: trouble decrypting AES256 symmetric encrypted file 
First, it is NOT a limitation of the file size on an NTFS file system
(at least in theory).  Check it out (snatched out of the mouth of the
Quoting the maximum file size from Microsoft:
Theory: 16 exabytes minus 1 KB (2^64 bytes minus 1 KB)
mplementation: 16 terabytes minus 64 KB (2^44 bytes minus 64 KB)
That is much better than the 2 GB limit of EXT3.  In reality, that
can't be the limit because a DVD gets broken up into chunks rather
than being one huge file.  The indirection (< input > output) works,
but I think you have lost your file.  I suggest regenerating it and
using the indirection.  I am assuming it is a huge backup and that
you CAN regenerate it again.  If you can't, Microsoft is your best
bet at finding out how to get all of the lost clusters back, and I
strongly suspect you will never see the file again.  What zip program
did you use to generate such a huge file?

@_date: 2006-04-25 08:08:45
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: dealing with password in batch file 
You will have to modify it more than just a little.  All that can be redirected in Script files (what used to be called batch files) is just STDIN and STDOUT (<, >).  I don't even know a way to redirect STDERR.  Please correct me if I am wrong.  I tried it for a long while and gave up.  It just didn't know what 2> meant.  You will most likely have to write it in either a VBScript or a JScript tool (I strongly advise using VBScript). In them you have enough power to open up a file, read in the password, close the file and delete the file contaning the password immediately after reading in the password.  In reality, I wouldn't even use VBScript.  I would use C and compile it.  The code size is about the same and it runs much faster and you have more control.  You won't even need to worry about File Descriptor 3 - you will embed the everything in a system() function call with the password embedded into the command.  I use the Mars compiler
Your mileage will vary.  I assume you know where all of the VBScript stuff is.  I just don't think you can do it in batch because cmd.exe just isn't powerful enough to handle the redirect of FD-2 (STDERR), much less FD-3.
A lot of people working with very powerful Linux shells (ksh, sh, bash, etc.) just don't know how weak Windows Shell scripting is.  I used to update all kind of stuff with a huge project (was working with cross compilers for the Hobbit and Intel chips of Pen systems) and finally gave up and demanded that they give me a Turrible-C compiler to do all of it.  At least with that I had findfirst(), findnext() to read the dir, etc and do things accordingly.  The updates were so convoluted with dirs coming into existence and going out of existence that I finally had to use recursion to handle all of the stuff.
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at Netscape. Just the Net You Need.
New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at

@_date: 2006-02-07 05:10:35
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: gpg on cron task 
First, I question why you are doing this as root rather than
as a normal user, since you can make it for a normal user to
use cron.  I also don't like php (would prefer Korn Shell or
PERL), but since you say it works interactively we will drop
that for a while (we will come back to it).
1. When you do a (without the quotes), "crontab -l" how does
   the entry show up?  What I am getting at is WHERE DOES THE
   OUTPUT OF STDOUT AND STDERR go?  This can reveal a lot.  I
   ALWAYS log the stdout and stderr to cron log file.
2. I am also assuming you have cron turned on.  If you do a
   "ps -eadf | grep cron" and you don't have a crond showing,
   then cron isn't running.  You will have to activate it.
   More than one version of Linux (I haven't used Debian
   since it has never installed on my hardware - too new)
   doesn't have cron on and depends on anacron for everything.
3. Okay, we have come back to it.  One of the very first things
   I do on a Linux box I am setting up is to find all of the dirs
   in the $PATH, and then I go change /etc/profile to HARD SET the
   dirs in the $PATH in the order I want them.  This always puts
   the following  dirs first:  /usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin
   with the other dirs in the order that they should be in. The
   problem is, a cron'd job invariably does NOT get the full
   path since /etc/profile is NOT guaranteed to be sourced.
   Since it looks like your script is using the full path for
   all of the commands executed this is probably not a problem.
   I am just warning you - it CAN be a problem.
4. In addition to the PATH environment variable, there
   are a LOT of other environment variables that frequently
   don't get set by a cron job, that are set in a shell.
   A simple shell script that is run interactively, then
   via cron can show anything that is different by having
   both doing an env to a file.  For that matter, it can
   show whether or not cron is working (start with something
   simpler first).  You didn't say whether you have tons of
   other stuff working with cron(I am assuming you do). I
   still would be a lot happier with either a Bourne shell
   script (run with either bash or ksh).
What I suspect is one of the environment variables that are
there in interactive mode are not there in cron.  Most notably
something that should be specified with the "--homedir ..."
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at Netscape. Just the Net You Need.
New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at

@_date: 2006-02-15 09:22:14
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Necessity of GPG when using SSL 
In short, SSL is not a complete solution and there is a need for
GPG or some other OpenPGP solution.  Usually, if you are using a
web interface to access your email, only the initial authentication
is done via SSL.  After that if your URL address shifts to using an
" rather than the " you made your initial connection
with means that your communication just shifted from SSL (weak
encryption) to NO encryption.  That is the norm.
Actually, you should have done some initial research with Google.
You may have found that it is illegal for you to use GPG or
PGP (strong encryption) while in China.  I don't know if they
would have prevented you from taking it into China, but the less
said about it the better.  Too late for that now, isn't it?  It
is best to go under the radar screen.  Primarily, what you would
want encrypted is your financial information anyway, or at least
that is what I would want encrypted.  So, just take the CD with
GnuPG precompiled with you (you did do a "make install > INSTALL.LOG \
2>&1" didn't you?) AND your keyrings and trusted DB files.  I can't
assume that you will even have access to a compiler where you are
going.  On the other hand you didn't say whether or not you are using
MS Windows (makes the install even easier).  I do assume that you will
have access to tar and gzip where you are going.
So, I reiterate -  SSL is not enough.  Most POP / IMAP mailers
in the United States and Europe don't have you make the initial
connection encrypted.  By that I mean it isn't even possible to
protect your initial connection and your login password is sent
in clear text.  SSL is designed and used for only critical short
periods of time.
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at Netscape. Just the Net You Need.
New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at

@_date: 2006-02-21 13:52:32
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Necessity of GPG when using SSL 
Thanks for the information.  The reason I said what I said is because
Netscape, Yahoo, gmail (the email account the original person was
posting from) almost all do a shift from https:// to http:// after the
connection is made.  The only ones I have seen that continue using the
SSL are small ISPs and only one of the local universities here.  But then
I have only seen three of the universities, and actually even the one
that was using SSL all the time shifted after I showed an acquaintance
how to make the connection that way and he spread the information to
everybody he knew who spread it to ....  Once that was done, even that
school shifted to doing it with SSL for connection only.  I realize that
SSL doesn't have the overhead of more powerful encryption like that
provided by OpenPGP, but it is still enough of an overhead that once
the load of SSL all the time becomes noticeable to the ISP (or whoever),
they feel that the authentication alone should be using SSL and they
make the shift to using plain the rest of the time.  In other words,
consider yourself lucky IF you are getting SSL all the time if you
need it all the time.  On the other hand if you don't need SSL all the
time there MAY be the possibility those long download times are partly
being caused by the overhead of SSL encryption taking place on the
Do you need encryption all the time or not?  My advice still remains the
same - OpenPGP is still the best choice for the scenario presented, IF I
indeed understood all the parameters.  It puts the control of when to use
it in your hands.  It just depends on what is being transported.  I could
care less whether all that spam is encrypted or not.  I also don't want all
the redirected email on my comcast account (also spam, but with the worms
removed) encrypted during transmission.  The faster I get rid of it the
better.  Not having the transmission of it helps me get rid of it as fast
as possible!
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at Netscape. Just the Net You Need.
New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at

@_date: 2006-02-24 12:06:57
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Necessity of GPG when using SSL 
Last then first.  Generally, it is very difficult to intercept email
en-transit.  That was not always the case.  There was a time when you
had hubs and you could listen in to everything on a LAN.  Those days are
gone with switches (multi-port bridges) making it very difficult to
listen in on communications since the only traffic you see now at the
LAN level is the broadcast traffic.  There are some switches and routers
that have a listening port, and this is what the FBI and others want,
but they are the exception, not the rule.  Once packets start hitting
the WAN pipes, the torrent of packets you have to sift through becomes
almost impossible to manage, even if you know the person's WAN IP
address, and it is just that - a person.  If you have several hundred
people sharing that WAN IP address, then en-transit capturing has to be
done at the LAN level.  How do you say this packet from WAN IP address
92.23.4.107 is Bob's and not Bill's when up to 100 people share that WAN
IP address?  You have to go inside the firewall where that IP address is
and find out on the LAN.  Lo and behold, when you do that, they are
using DHCP, so you then have to know their MAC address (which used to be
something you couldn't change, but now with MS Windows you can change
it).  So let's just go to Bob's machine and put something on it instead.
And that is usually exactly what is done.
Where your email is most easily compromised is on the mail server.  There
it sits until you start to pull it down.  SSL isn't even a factor.  All SSL does is secure the transmission, not the data at the end points.  In fact,
a hacker can pull down your email using SSL to cover their tracks - and
that is usually exactly what they do. It is usually pretty easily done
too, since ALL of the messages are usually in just one file.  They just
have to suck down that one file and now they have ALL of your messages.
Now, if the email on the server is in plain-text, how secure is that?
On the other hand, if it is encrypted with some OpenPGP package like
GnuPG with strong encryption, how secure is that?  Pretty darn secure.
So the hacker pulls down your file. Whoopity doo.  He gets to read all
that crappy spam in plain text, but the juicy email messages that contain
your financial information is encrypted.
So, I repeat - SSL is not good enough unless all of your messages don't
convey financial information or anything else important.  If they are
important, use GnuPG or other strong end-point encryption and the only
thing you have to watch for now are those pesky key loggers.  But even
then if they get your passphrase, they still need your keyring, but if they have a keylogger working for them, then they probably have all your
GnuPG DB files.
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at Netscape. Just the Net You Need.
New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at

@_date: 2006-02-24 12:34:33
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: GnuPG for PalmOS 5 
Are you volunteering to do it?  8^) I don't have a Palm, but at one time
I developed for Pen Systems, one of which had a Hobbit chip.  It sounds
like a very frustrating development project to me.  Is your company
willing to sponsor the costs of development?
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at Netscape. Just the Net You Need.
New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at

@_date: 2006-01-06 15:34:33
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: BZIP2 algorithm 
You did that part right.
$ bunzip2 gnupg-1.4.2.tar.bz2 | tar -xvf -
Where did the output go?  To /dev/null?  Since you are not
using C Shell (please use bash, sh, of ksh), do it this way:
$ ./configure > LOG.config 2> ERR.config
Now you can study the results to decide what to do next...
I can already tell you right now that you will be building
the BZIP library.  If you see the following magic line in
the LOG.config file:
"checking whether to enable the BZIP2 compression algorithm... yes"
you will know you are okay.  If you don't ... more on that in a
Ditto with output going to other files...
$ make > LOG.make 2> ERR.make
$ ls -l ERR.*
If both of those files are empty, you may be okay.  If they
are and you are happy with what is in the LOG.* files, then
you can proceed...
First, I am assuming you put the program by default into /usr/local.
Do you have /usr/local/bin and /usr/local/sbin first in your PATH?
I ALWAYS DO THIS TO MY PATH VARIABLE.  That is because I leave the
older version of GnuPG (and whatever else) alone since I don't want
to get whacked by an update from the OS creators that undoes all that
nice work to get things as up to date as possible (especially useful
with GnuPG).  Download bzip2 and install it in all its glory (which
includes not only the executables, but also the header and bzip2
link library files.
Strange, but it isn't as nicely integrated into ClamAV as it is
in GnuPG.  I may REALLY need it there in the future once MS
Windows is dead and the virus writers move on to Linux and back
to where the very first virus was written - TO UNIX!
Strange - it seems like they would have provided bzip2 with the
libraries and header files by now in most distributions by default.
Does anybody know the reason why they are not doing it?
Happy bzip2'ing, but I really would advise that if you are going
to be sending to MS Windows people to use either gzip or zip as
your default compression algorithm.  Most Windows compression
programs can handle them, but one of the things I do to contain
the Trojan files while they are on Windows is to bzip2 them on
Linux.  When virus writers conceal their nasty worms in bzip2
files, all of this will change.
Henry Hertz Hobbit
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at Netscape. Just the Net You Need.
New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at

@_date: 2006-01-17 00:01:01
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Random seed for symetric encryption 
Oooooh! Now I understand more, and so does everybody else.
To have us better help you, it would help if we knew the
following (but first, generating another key will NOT make
the message disappear):
[1] OS & version
[2] Whether this has happened all the time or just started.
    By that I mean did you have a period of time when it never
    did this after your first set up GPG.
[3] The version of GPG you are using and if you have upgraded
    it at any time.
[4] If you are having problems when you send email messages,
    since it is also using symmetric encryption underneath the
    hood so to speak.
[5] When you encrypt files, if you are doing a lot of them at
    one time with little or no pause between each file.
[6] The exact message again (I lost it) that GPG gives you
    when the random fails.
The reason I say 1 and 5 is because I am curious if you are
using a version of Unix that doesn't have a good pseudo random
number generator and are instead using the Entropy Gathering
Daemon (EGD) or some other randomizer. I can't see how it would
happen, but since EGD was written in PERL, it may be overwhelmed
if the system is severely loaded.  More to the point if you are
using Sun Solaris, IBM AIX, HPUX, or some of the other old style
versions of Unix, you SHOULD be using something like EGD.
If you never have problems sending email, or more to the point
RECEIVING encrypted email, it makes the problem even more baffling.
Usually, you would expect something like corrupted keys, etc.  That
doesn't sound like what is going on here.  The only other thing I
can think of is running out of file descriptors or something, because
every time you use GPG, the random_seed file gets changed.  Ditto if
your system is overloaded and the CPU is maxed.
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at Netscape. Just the Net You Need.
New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at

@_date: 2006-06-23 08:05:07
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Moving to another computer 
Hmm, that is better than after lunch since I am digesting it.  The best
time is 11:48 PM (now) when my mind is racing along.  Depending on if
you have bzip2 in your tar command:
Option 1 (you have bzip2 integrated in tar command):
$ cd
$ tar -cvf gnupg.tar -exclude random_seed ./.gnupg
# copy gnupg.tar file to your home folder ...
tar -xvf gnupg.tar
Of course, you COULD use zip but on 'nix machines I think you are
going to find gzip or bzip2 long before you have zip and unzip on
your machine.  It will create your random_seed file the first time
you run it.  Just make sure your umask is 077.
Your key is your key is your key.  It belongs to YOU, not a machine.
I have mine in five places but I do NOT just leave the secring.gpg
file around.  When working on a shared machine I copy it into place
when I need to use it and delete when I log off (still carrying my
copy of secring.gpg with me on removable storage).
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at Netscape. Just the Net You Need.
New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at

@_date: 2006-03-08 10:59:58
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: Gnupg make error 
Since I had not built 1.4.2.1 (still using 1.4.2), and nobody
else has responded in the digest (if somebody else responded,
I apologize) I downloaded 1.4.2.1 and had no problems.  You
can help by starting over (by that I mean start with a fresh
set of files from the very beginning, including a new download
if you feel that is necessary) and doing it the following way
in some sort of SH type shell, bash, sh, ksh:
[hhhobbit ~]$ bzip2 -dc gnupg-1.4.2.1.tar.bz2 | tar -xf -
[hhhobbit ~]$ cd gnupg-1.4.2.1
[hhhobbit gnupg-1.4.2.1]$ ./configure > LOG.config 2> ERR.config
[hhhobbit gnupg-1.4.2.1]$ ls -l LOG.* ERR.*
-rw-r--r--  1 hhhobbit hhhobbit     0 Mar  8 02:38 ERR.config
-rw-r--r--  1 hhhobbit hhhobbit 13899 Mar  8 02:39 LOG.config
[hhhobbit gnupg-1.4.2.1]$ ls -l LOG.* ERR.*
-rw-r--r--  1 hhhobbit hhhobbit     0 Mar  8 02:38 ERR.config
-rw-r--r--  1 hhhobbit hhhobbit   108 Mar  8 02:40 ERR.make
-rw-r--r--  1 hhhobbit hhhobbit 13899 Mar  8 02:39 LOG.config
-rw-r--r--  1 hhhobbit hhhobbit 44623 Mar  8 02:41 LOG.make
[hhhobbit gnupg-1.4.2.1]$ cat ERR.make
ttyio.c: In function `tty_get_ttyname':
ttyio.c:103: warning: null argument where non-null required (arg 1)
You can see that I took the defaults and it worked just fine. I
think one of your files somehow got altered.  I don't know which
one it is, or how or even when it got corrupted.  BTW, I suggest
ALWAYS doing your builds not just of GnuPG, but all software this
way to let you know if before you even made it to make whether you
were able to get a good configure.  You also didn't specify if you
gave configure any options.  I will assume you didn't.
You SHOULD end up with a ZERO size ERR.config file.  If you don't,
start there.
Henry Hertz Hobbit
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at Netscape. Just the Net You Need.
New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at

@_date: 2006-03-21 14:45:39
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: batch mode lack of randomness FreeBSD 
Can you ask your admin to add the Entropy Gathering Daemon that is
written in PERL?
(search for Entropy)
I can't speak as to the effectiveness or lack thereof of your method.
I am tempted to say that it will probably work, but I may be wrong.
The main point I worry about is when you generate your keys, not when
encrypting stuff.  Lucas, who is writing a book on encryption using both
GnuPG and new style PGP uses FreeBSD and I believe he uses the EGD:
I have no idea how you can get to him because he has finally given
up on email and your message may be considered to be trash.  If I
remember correctly, he did say in an email message that he was using
the EGD (Entropy Gathering Daemon).  It sounds like you are on a
multi-user system which is NOT a very good state of affairs.  If you
have your own system, you can install any of the many good versions
of Linux (make partitions with Partition Magic with an ext3 partitions
for / & /home, another partition for SWAP yet another for a FAT32
partition to transfer files back and forth from Linux to MS Windows.
Only the "/" partition needs to be a Primary partition.  All the rest
can be logicals.
Feel free to convert the PERL script to C if you don't think it runs
fast enough.  It is Gnu protected so that is permissible.
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at Netscape. Just the Net You Need.
New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at

@_date: 2006-05-03 16:01:25
@_author: Henry Hertz Hobbit 
@_subject: USB Drive Use 
I think you are asking for something that can't be done.  I don't mean
the USB drive - I mean the registry.  As much as you would like to think
that you don't have registry settings, you do!  For almost program you
need TWO:
1. For the program itself, registry entries need to be entered into
   the HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE area.  There is no way around that.  If you
   don't want a GUI program but something that runs in a cmd.exe window
   then that may be possible.  Even though you don't have a lot of access
   rights, I think the Administrator shouldn't have any problems with
   installing WinPT on the machines that you use:
      It (and GnuPG of course) will need to be installed on every machine
   you intend to use.
2. You DO have your own registry settings.  They are stored in the
   HKEY_CURRENT_USER area, and each user has their own area.  In fact,
   this is ONE of the reasons that scanning for spies in the registry
   is so difficult.  Even if I am an administrator I cannot see your
   registry area when I am scanning with Spybot Search & Destroy,
   Ad-Aware, or other AntiSpy tools.  That means scans must be done for
   each and every user that uses the system - yeah, dumb but necessary.
Now having said that, I really think you need to twist their arm to put
WinPT on.  You will just have to search for the WinPT and GnuPG entries
in the registry and find the ones in the HKEY_CURRENT_USER area (YOURS,
not the APPS), and instead of having them point to your folder in the
Documents and Settings (should have been just People), point them over
to the USB drive.  E.G.:
"HomeDir"="C:\\Documents and Settings\\hhhobbit\\Application Data\\GnuPG"
"gpgProgram"="C:\\Program Files\\GnuPG\\gpg.exe"
"OptFile"="C:\\Documents and Settings\\hhhobbit\\Application Data\\GnuPG\\gpg.conf"
becomes (assuming your USB drive is F:)
"gpgProgram"="C:\\Program Files\\GnuPG\\gpg.exe"
and just move the files there on the USB drive (in my case into
the F:\hhhobbit\GnuPG folder).
Actually, it sounds like they have already installed GnuPG, so why is
it a hassle for them to also install WinPT?  In addition to WinPT and
GnuPG registry entries you may have some Mingw32 registry entries, but
all of those will probably NOT need to be changed.
Now with that information you can see that it is possible with almost ALL
of the front ends if you can alter the registry entries THAT ARE YOURS.
I don't think that it is an unreasonable request.  If they are competent
SysAdmins that you are working with it should be entirely possible.  I
can highly recommend WinPT because you can even handle encrypted mail
using a browser if necessary.
Switch to Netscape Internet Service.
As low as $9.95 a month -- Sign up today at Netscape. Just the Net You Need.
New! Netscape Toolbar for Internet Explorer
Search from anywhere on the Web and block those annoying pop-ups.
Download now at
