
@_date: 2019-06-30 22:23:11
@_author: Alyssa Ross 
@_subject: SKS Keyserver Network Under Attack 
Alas, this doesn't fully mitigate the issue, because it's not exactly
difficult to get a key into somebody's keyring, especially with the
existence of the auto-key-retrieve option. All I would have to do would
be to sign the key of somebody in the strong set lots of times with
the same key, and then send you an email signed by me, and an email with
a body signed by the key I was attacking (I could find some sort of
statement signed by that key online somewhere). Alternatively, I could
construct a Git repository that would load the keys into your keychain
in the correct order when you examined the commit signatures if I could
find a commit signed by my victim somewhere. I'm sure it's easy enough
to get a public key imported even without auto-key-retrieve, too. I
imagine there are MUAs that would import a key attached to a message,

@_date: 2019-07-01 22:43:18
@_author: Alyssa Ross 
@_subject: SKS Keyserver Network Under Attack 
Just as a point of interest, I've talked to the people running
keys.openpgp.org about their capacity in  when we were exploring
whether to change the default keyserver in Nixpkgs' GnuPG[1] (which we
ended up doing).
The impression I got was that they're very optimistic about their
ability to handle traffic to their server -- they were happy to have a
distro make the switch, and will be changing the defaults in Enigmail
and OpenKeychain very soon, as I understand it.
It is a real shame that a decentralized Hagrid isn't really possible,
though, at least to my understanding. It's quite the limitation for
[1]:

@_date: 2019-07-01 22:58:32
@_author: Alyssa Ross 
@_subject: Your Thoughts 
GnuPG is cross-platform and in no way tied to Linux, but I think you
have a point about the CLI-focused design of it. The problem isn't that
it's CLI-based per se, but that this design has made it far too easy for
it to accumulate features without much consideration for how the whole
thing works together.
For example, why isn't ask-cert-level a default? I'm guessing it's just
because at some point it didn't exist, and the developers didn't want to
make a backwards incompatible change. But it means that, out of the box,
signatures on other keys are next to useless, because it's not possible
to specify how carefully you've checked a key. This leads to people only
signing keys that they've very carefully checked, and makes it so that
marginal signatures see almost no use, which I think has likely been a
major contributor to the failure of the web of trust.
A large part of what makes alternative encryption software like Signal
successful is its simplicity. I don't have to worry about the 3000
different setting combinations available to me, because there's design
work been put into it to set me up for success out of the box. I've
spent hours of my life learning about how to use GnuPG, and have ended
up with a way of using it that seems completely different to anybody
else's, but I still don't think I'm doing it right. It's not possible to
figure out how to use it as intended, because there's no intended way to
use it. There's no high level design for how people are supposed to use
the software. And without that, it's never going to be possible to use
GnuPG properly no matter how much time one is willing to invest.

@_date: 2019-07-03 18:30:45
@_author: Alyssa Ross 
@_subject: Your Thoughts 
Oh, interesting. Thank you for showing this to me. I had it in my head
that a "weak" signature would count as a marginal in the web of trust,
but I suppose I was wrong about that.
In that case, I agree that ask-cert-level doesn't make sense as a

@_date: 2019-07-08 18:07:55
@_author: Alyssa Ross 
@_subject: Testing WKD setup? 
When I was setting up WKD recently, I tested it like this:
    gpg --homedir "$(mktemp -d)" --locate-keys hi at alyssa.is
