
@_date: 2011-06-26 12:16:04
@_author: Hugo Seifert 
@_subject: Problem with faked-system-time option 
Jerome Baum  wrote in message
  "In that case you have nothing to fear from your timestamp"???  Then why use encryption at all, when we're always honest, don't plan evil things and have nothing to hide, nothing to fear?  And there arises the question who is privileged to determine what's evil and what isn't?
  Protection only to those who comply with your rules sounds like censorship.  Do you think GnuPG should only support people who adhere to your social conventions and not OBL hiding in his "cave"?  If I understand you correctly, in that case being able to locate the ill-affected originator of a message with the assistance of his signatures' timestamps is acceptable.  But how about a U.S. agent acting undercover in enemy territory or someone participating in a Usenet discussion on the HIV disease he suffers from?  With such a differentiation you're treading on thin ice, aren't you?
  I read most of this lengthy thread and wondered why for some it is so hard to accept that there are negative implications of exact timestamps, which is why I venture one further example.
  Have you ever heard of OmniMix (  That's a tool aiming at freedom of speech by making it very easy to address onion remailers with your mail and news client software.  I use it when posting anonymously to the Usenet, which means with almost all of my newsgroup contributions.
  No less than 4 years ago in gnupg-devel, message <84uor29d9cc2r9ilnvt5bc16non5elup05 at domain.is.invalid>, its author complained about security risks for not having a chance to alter key and signature timestamps and argued the case for a GnuPG 1.4 --
creation-date option.
  He wrote
: Is there a chance to get an additional GPG option that allows to : the creation date of keys and signatures?
: : I'm developing a Windows proxy server that works as a gateway to : remailers and nym servers. For such an application it's mandatory : disguise all timestamps within messages, as e.g. getting knowledge of
: the exact shipping time would make it a lot easier for an adversary to
: compromise the author. Currently I see no alternative to a : manipulation of the system time when such sensitive action takes
: place. But that strategy entails a lot of potential side effects,
: especially in a server environment.
  If that's no valid reason to add such an option, what else would be?  In <87lkjkp7pz.fsf at wheatstone.g10code.de> Werner kindly promised to act, but four years have passed and nothing happened.  Or is the agenda behind GnuPG to provide privacy but forget about or even prevent anonymity ignoring the fact that we're living in a world where escaping ubiquitous surveillance becomes harder and   Just my 2 cents.
Hugo S.

@_date: 2011-06-28 18:13:48
@_author: Hugo Seifert 
@_subject: Problem with faked-system-time option 
What's in a name?  GnuPG already cares about anonymity interests:
On Fri, Aug 21 1998 18:14:44 CEST, Nimrod Zimerman
: A GNUPG patch to enable anonymous encrypted messages
: Hello.
: : Below is a patch to GNUPG that allows removing the keyid from : packets (such that one can't know who an encrypted packet is : to), and, obviously, allows decrypting such packets (supplying the
: appropriate userid on the command line).
: : Why is this needed? Privacy. When sending an encrypted message via a named
: channel (such as 'regular' e-mail), revealing the destination of : message is something you can't really avoid, and hence the keyid on the
: encrypted message doesn't matter. However, when sending a message via an
: anonymous channel (through a remailer to a newsgroup, for example), adding
: the keyid on the encrypted message is fairly counter productive. It might
: not provide potential adversaries the ability to know who can read the
: message - but it certainly helps, even if only by aiding in : analysis.
: : The solution is quite simple - avoid adding the keyid to encrypted messages
: (packets in those messages). This is exactly what the patch does, : the command-line switch '--throw-keyid'.
: ...
Won't you agree, that a method to alter signature timestamps is a
perfect complement to the --throw-keyid option introduced back then?
Therewith a correct signature timestamp can no longer counteract the
random latency remailers add to the mail delivery time.
Hugo S.
