
@_date: 2013-03-22 22:16:24
@_author: Ileana 
@_subject: dh key exchange via ascii email? 
I am curious if there is a built-in or optional way to do a
diffie-hellman key exchange over PGP encrypted email.  Such that
subsequent emails could be forward secret?
Is there some program already out there that each party can use to
generate ascii cut and paste primes and factors?  It seems like it
would be a simple program to write.  Is there any plans to encorporate such functionality in to GNUPG?

@_date: 2013-03-23 14:14:49
@_author: Ileana 
@_subject: dh key exchange via ascii email? 
The basic idea is:
1.  Assume 2 parties both have each others public keys and the keys are
2.  Bob sends alice a email message (signed/encrypted w PGP, though
uncessesary) with a suggested g, and g^b.
3. Alice receives and decrypts, and if
she accepts, she sends bob g^a.
5. PGP is used from here one to send symmetric messages using
6. Bob or alice asks for a new g.
7. The old key is deleted/wiped, and a new exchange started.
8. Forward secrecy is obtained through multiple sessions.
It is assumed in this case you do not want to "save" or be able to
retrieve old emails. The primes and exponents could be sent in base-64
messages similar to PGP public key blocks.
If nothing else, either party cut and pastes the values into a separate
simple gui that just generates a and b from dev/random (or uses gcrypt
functions) calculates g^ab, and back and forth from b-64.  A simple
library could be written in a few c files (or any language with
interface to gcrypt I guess). Once a key is selected, it could be used
directly by gnupg for symmetric encryption.
This is just an idea I had.  If using gcrypt or something else, you are
not really doing crypto primitives, and this seems at its simplest, a
simple case.
The issue (of course numerously stated everywhere) is that the weakest
believed link in pk is keeping your secret key secure.  Technically
speaking, that is a limit approaching, but never reaching, infinity.
However keeping symmetric keys secure for short periods of time could
only be easier.  It also would allow you to use a separate
encryption key for different recipients, giving further forward secrecy
as multiple conversations progress.
Just an idea, which of course to some extent would be annoying with all
the emails back and forth.  However possibly less annoying the
generating new PGP keys and sending those back and forth (with over
head of having to sign each new key, and managing multiple throwaway
pgp keys between multiple recipients.)
 On Sat, 23 Mar 2013 11:24:17 +0100

@_date: 2013-03-23 14:52:32
@_author: Ileana 
@_subject: dh key exchange via ascii email? 
OK, I kind of thought of that, and I the usability overhead of creating
a subkey, emailing the new public key, and having the recip do the same.
Thanks for the tip on using the !.
I wasn't referring to the computation, but the ease of use.  If I am
emailing 4 recipients using symettric encryption, there is more forward
secrecy to be gained versus retrieval of 1 key if all conversations are
uing a different key, particularly if 1 conversation lasts 1 day, and
the others go on for months.  So you use a seperate key for each
In this case, I would create 4 subkeys, and my recipients would each
create 1.  I believe you are right that this is essentially the same amount of
work from a usability perspective then my DH idea.  However, bring in
keyservers and smart cards into the equation, and this constant subkey
creation and deletion may end up being more of a pain.  Additionaly,
the subkey is linked to your key.
Imagine the scenario where Alice and bob email each other back and
forth and create a key via dh.  The value of that key is never sent over
email.  So an adversary that intercepts those emails and gains a PGP
key, can not necessarily link that conversation, with, for instance, a
symettrically encrypted PGP exchange that begins to appear in some
Would the same "anonymity" be achieved by using throwaway subkeys and
-R hidden recipients, as you suggest?  It would appear you are right,
that that approach would work also.

@_date: 2013-03-23 14:57:17
@_author: Ileana 
@_subject: dh key exchange via ascii email? 
That's actually where I got the idea.  OTR is for chat though, not
I would be interesting to at least see enigmail for instance start to
support symmetric encryption emails.
