
@_date: 2020-10-10 02:32:43
@_author: Dieter Frye 
@_subject: Why is Blowfish's key size limited to 128 bits in RFC 4880? 
What's the rationale behind not going full 448 or at least 256 like AES
and Twofish?
Best regards.

@_date: 2020-10-10 02:56:02
@_author: Dieter Frye 
@_subject: On Becky! Internet Mail's GnuPG Plugin 
Sorry about the delay; I've been experiencing some serious connectivity
issues that are yet to be fully resolved, and sure, love talking online,
which I rarely get to do anymore.
Unfortunately I can't check out those url's right now because of the
aforementioned problem, but I myself am using torbox3uiot6wchz.onion for
both pop3 and smtp if you need to know.
Best regards.

@_date: 2020-10-10 03:00:56
@_author: Dieter Frye 
@_subject: Why is Blowfish's key size limited to 128 bits in RFC 4880? 
Thanks, I appreciate the quick response.
I've been using Blowfish on older machines for years now without issue and
I always wondered if this is one of those things that could possibly
benefit from an update.
Best regards.

@_date: 2020-10-13 07:46:02
@_author: Dieter Frye 
@_subject: Why is Blowfish's key size limited to 128 bits in RFC 4880? 
My current understanding of the situation is that there are no known
effective attacks against Blowfish so long as it's adequately implemented
according to the suggested specifications and it's relatively limited
block size accounted for, and I naturally tend to gravitate towards
tested-and-tried, reliable things with a more or less impeccable record.
Now if any of this remains true today, I cannot tell (I did the research a
number of years ago so it's possible something changed along the way), but
even if not, it would still make sense to me to allow for greater (or
better yet, full) key size to be utilized specially for situations when
performance is extremely critical and something like Twofish just won't
Personally I use Twofish on my P4 and Blowfish on all of my P3's.
As for AES, while there doesn't seem to be anything fundamentally wrong
with it, the fact that it was pushed so extensively by the powers that be
and the fact that it's considerably easier on the hardware (as compared to
say, Twofish), makes it a candidate for large-scale, targeted
cryptanalysis, so I wouldn't put it past me that the NSA's onto something
Best regards.

@_date: 2020-10-16 18:41:14
@_author: Dieter Frye 
@_subject: Why is Blowfish's key size limited to 128 bits in RFC 4880? 
Ultimately it comes down to what the goal of the OpenPGP standard is
supposed to be. It's pretty obvious they don't rush into new things just
because, and are generally conservative when it comes to considering
allegedly stronger ciphers such as Serpent simply because preserving
interoperability with less powerful hardware is non-negotiable to a
degree. But Blowfish is a different animal: It's already in and stands
remarkably efficient irrespective of key size.
To me, allowing for Blowfish to be implemented at full strength would
simply extend it's utility (particularly when it comes to legacy systems)
throughout the steadily approaching quantum era.

@_date: 2020-10-16 19:18:10
@_author: Dieter Frye 
@_subject: Why is Blowfish's key size limited to 128 bits in RFC 4880? 
Unfortunately 3DES did not survive said scrutiny in the end, thus it's
being phased out as we speak, and while far from broken, it could
theoretically be weakened to such an extent it would not longer be safe in
the foreseeable future.
My P3 class-powered servers performing a variety of cryptographic
operations on relatively large files (we get anything from 30 to 60 MiB
pdf's on a regular basis and if I were to use Twofish for any of it... not
Sooner or later something's bound to happen that could render current
technology obsolete, so it's better to err on the safer side.
Convenience. If you break one, you've broken them all.

@_date: 2020-09-06 11:58:42
@_author: Dieter Frye 
@_subject: On Becky! Internet Mail's GnuPG Plugin 
As advised by Mr.Koch, my original plead on the subject:
Cheers :)

@_date: 2020-09-07 04:58:21
@_author: Dieter Frye 
@_subject: On Becky! Internet Mail's GnuPG Plugin 
So yes, I'm using Becky! as a MUA + an outdated GnuPG plugin on Windows
XP, but functionality is somewhat crippled for anything other than GnuPG
Nope, they dropped support for XP (specifically the browser part) a while
ago, which thing never really affected me since I use a third party
browser which I interface with the "expert bundle" exe that they continue
to distribute. Of course, that's an gross oversimplification of what's
actually going on this computer, but you catch my drift.
As far as secmail.pro is concerned, it's not possible to use it with
Becky! because there's no server-side support for SMTP, POP3 or IMAP, so
I'm writing directly from semail's web interface.
Unfortunately since practically every single internet service in existence
(be it mail, fora or otherwise) has been in bed with the worldwide private
data collection operation going on right now (lookup PRISM and the
ShadowGate documentary) it's no longer possible (and so it's been for
nearly a decade now) to anonymously register any type of account anywhere,
meaning I'm technically shunned from the Internet and it's nothing short
of a miracle that I'm able to post here at all. I'm actually shocked this
place hasn't been hijacked by vpn-hating cloudflare and the google captcha
nazis because that's true everywhere else.
Currently I use another free, anonymous e-mail service called TorBox which
does have SMTP/POP3 support for everyday communications, though that's
only viable for people operating within the TOR network as it's got no
clearweb support unlike secmail itself, which at the end of the day is
kind of a useless thing anyways given it's blacklisted status (and that
completely without justification) among most every big and small e-mail
provider out there.

@_date: 2020-09-08 13:31:05
@_author: Dieter Frye 
@_subject: On Becky! Internet Mail's GnuPG Plugin 
You're welcome.
Neat. I was still able to use one my old "nym.aliased" gmx with
Quicksilvermail like 8 years ago or whatever it was. Eventually most if
not all public remailers went belly up, and gmx, just like every other
internet service I had been using for years at that point, stone cold
cancelled my account as I refused to comply to their new "privacy
policies" where I'd have been required to hand over my personal
information for no legitimate reason at all. What a bunch of creeps.
Now touching on private communications in general, there's this one place
left most people never heard of called Freenet, specifically the FMS fora
(usenet-style compatible with NNTP clients and all) operating within,
which's completely free, decentralized, anonymous and fully censorship/DOS
resistant. Definitely worth checking out and telling others about.
BitMessage appears to be a somewhat solid alternative to FMS if you can't
really be online regularly, but it's got nowhere near the level of
Unfortunately the main issue for me is being able to communicate with the
outside world, and most of this problem can be traced back to society in
general having an obstinate pathological aversion towards privacy that
cannot be explained away without looking into the recent history of
soviet-style psyops unleashed in the western world.

@_date: 2020-09-08 13:32:41
@_author: Dieter Frye 
@_subject: On Becky! Internet Mail's GnuPG Plugin 
Not even close. Only a prepaid phone will do, which are not available
where I live, and even if they were, I'd still be required to show some
form of ID in order to get it, which defeats the whole purpose of getting
one in the first place.
In the world we live in right now, a comment someone pretends to be
offended by will get you jail time. It's that bad. I'm not being singled
out by the NSA or anything, and that in part due to the fact that there's
absolutely not a trace of anything on the internet that can be linked back
to my real identity. I arduously cultivated my anonymity from the get go
so to be able to operate freely in the shadows, and it's now paying off in
the form of relative tranquility as I stand untouched in the midst of this
cruel, worldwide socialist takeover.
There's nothing in that article that even begins to disprove anything the
ShadowGate documentary addressed; literally not one thing. Just a bunch of
NPC's running their mouths spewing the same old tired lies and slander,
which's standard practice for fake news socialist outlets anyways.
Just don't let others do the thinking for you.
The TOR Browser is an accident waiting to happen irrespective of the
system it's running on. XP is secure to the extent that you know how to
make it secure, and that goes for any operating system flexible enough for
the task.
There's no value in doing that since there's nothing I need to perform
securely that XP will not cooperate with, and besides all this, you do NOT
want to blindly capitulate your security to any AIO "solution" like Tails,
specially in light of it's flaws. You're much better off acquiring an
adequate understanding of whatever OS you're running and make the
necessary changes as you go.
Of course there's a limit to that, and certain OS' are plainly and simply
way too compromised and stiff for any privacy-related work, but XP is far
from being one of them.
Not possible as explained above, and quite frankly Protonmail is one of
the worst offenders because they shun people who are concerned with
privacy...in the name of privacy, of all things. What a dishonest bunch.
I'll be going up in the rapture before it gets that crazy, so that's
something for the leftbehinders to figure out ;)

@_date: 2020-09-09 04:00:45
@_author: Dieter Frye 
@_subject: On Becky! Internet Mail's GnuPG Plugin 
This may have been true at some point in the past, but unfortunately I
failed to secure this type of solution when I had the chance to. Today it
simply isn't viable.
My trusted contacts, irrespective of the country they reside in, are in
pretty much the same situation as myself, so unfortunately it's no use.
Anything you pay for will inevitably leave a trace unless they're working
with some flavor of digital currency, and on top of that...from MySudo:
"We are committed to working with government agencies if evidence of
illegal activity by a user is brought to our attention. We investigate all
reports where MySudo may have been misused."
They can (and usually do) declare absolutely anything to be "illegal"
these days, and who's going to tell them otherwise? You waste a BLM
terrorist death-threatening you and your family in the midst of your own
property and you're the one committing an illegal act as far as the "law"
of the land is concerned.
Twillio doesn't even let me in...
I appreciate the suggestions but the days of presumption of innocence and
constitutional civil liberties in general are far behind us already.
Because a barebones Posready 2009 installation (which actually received
patches regularly all the way up to 2019) is about as fully configurable
as virtually any Linux/BSD distro out there, and I've also spent the last
9 years or so auditing this particular OS and I know for a fact it is not
compromised in any meaningful way. Think of it as an "ArchWindows" of
sorts that I'm very familiar with.
As for security patches, XP's solely there to provide the file system, the
API and part of the TCP-IP stack; everything else I handle through 3rd
party applications.
In any event, there's quality (and for me, indispensable) Windows software
that doesn't have an equivalent in the OpenBSD world, which's what I use
for pretty much everything else save for my own rig.
You bet they would haha.
Actually I have thought of putting it all together into a book, but I
figured no one would care. Guess the craft's dying with me.
