
@_date: 2009-07-10 16:12:42
@_author: Ingo Krabbe 
@_subject: gnupg as ssh-agent 
I now tried to use the gpg-agent as a ssh-agent too, as I always started both
agents anyway.  Now I wonder if I could also use my GnuPG Key as a key for a
ssh session too, which would be quite convenient.
Actually I wonder why the gpg-agent runs in ssh-agent mode, if the latter isn't
possible, and further, why the latter shouldn't be possible as both keys are
just containers for the same algortihm, though gpg supports more algorithms
than ssh, at least for RSA and DSA keys this statement should hold.
Ingo Krabbe

@_date: 2009-07-10 18:41:55
@_author: Ingo Krabbe 
@_subject: gnupg as ssh-agent 
Of course I read that (multiple times to find the hidden secret), but that
doesn't answers the question, as I want to use my GnuPG Identity for the SSH
I already ssh-add'ed my ssh keys and it worked.  Now I want to add my GnuPG Key
to the ssh-agent part and asked if this is possible.
Actually both keys only contain RSA (in my case), so theoretically there's
only the container format between both systems, as fas as I can say.  What I'm
searching for is one key container for all systems.
Best regards,
I n g o  K r a b b e

@_date: 2009-07-11 02:22:01
@_author: Ingo Krabbe 
@_subject: gnupg as ssh-agent 
[from monkeyspere documentation]
Then hand off the authentication subkey to the agent (Note: the GnuTLS library
supports this operation as of version 2.6, but earlier versions do not):
$ monkeysphere subkey-to-ssh-agent
[eof monkeyspere documentation]
Seems to do what I searched for somehow.  I wonder what special preparations
$ monkeysphere gen-subkey
does to the subkey.

@_date: 2009-07-27 12:33:17
@_author: Ingo Krabbe 
@_subject: IT Department having the secure key. 
good idea
Actually those files aren't locked but possibly encrypted, which is most times
even better than deleting them.  So noone will have access to them who doesn't
own the key.
You have to distinguish two or three things:
1. Passwords and keys.  When you use asymmetric encryption, you don't need a
password to decrypt a file, but you need the key (that is actually nothing else
then quite a long password) but: The password or the key that encrypted the file
is another one then you need to decrypt it (asymmetric)
2. You could store the same key multiple times, secured by different passwords,
or even without a password at all.  Everyone who has access to the key and the
password to use the key (ofc) can decrypt the data.
3. GnuPG is a distributed system in contrast to SSL Ciphers, that are
assymmetric as well but need a centralized keyserver to prove the validity of
the key.
You should think twice, and then again, of how you store and distribute the keys
and how you secure them.  Finally you will get maximum security from GnuPG: But,
as long as you aren't 100% sure what you are doing: Have a backup.
For example the problem is: If you create the keys for your users, you will have
to transfer them to the users, which makes a bit of unsureness of who listens on
the transfer lines.
And: You can only encrypt the files for one key.  So only one user will have
access to the files (owns the files), as long as you don't share the keys.  For
example you can introduce company wide keys or deparmtement keys and distribute
them to anyone, who should have access.
Right.  Assumed that you use one key for a group of users and encrypt the file
with this key, if anyone can get access to this key stored for any user, he will
get access to the encrypted files.  But you need to have access to both: The key
file and the password.  It's like a banking card and the PIN number.  If you own
just one of them, you don't have access to the account.  But if you can copy the
bank card and you can crack the pin you will have access.
I hope I could push you somewhat forward with your questions.
bye, ikrabbe

@_date: 2009-07-27 15:41:38
@_author: Ingo Krabbe 
@_subject: IT Department having the secure key. 
Yes, true, I didn't remeber that X.509 early in the morning.
True also, I just wanted to mention that transferring keys is something to be
though about.
As far as I know you can keep multiple different encrypted copies of a file, but
one copy of the file will only have one encryption.  Assumed that you don't want
to waste space.  I just see that you can encrypt for multiple keys, but you will
increase the space needed for the file copy, don't you?
I mean if you encrypt a file f.txt to f.txt.gpg with 10 recipients, you will
have a f.txt.gpg that contains f.txt 10 times encrypted in 10 different ways.
Maybe I'm wrong about this point, but I can't think about an encryption strategy
with mixed recipients.
bye, ingo

@_date: 2013-03-14 10:44:28
@_author: ingo.krabbe@eoa.de 
@_subject: How to share my private key with others? 
Hey Alex,
though its generally possible through a special command, I would have to check the manual first, that's not how gnupg or pgp in general is supposed to work. Actually your team members, of course should have Gpg4win or 4any other system, installed and have their own private keys, one for each member.
Then you share your public key with the team members and encrypt the file with your private key.
When you encrypt a file, you tell gnupg which recipient you want to encrypt this file for, means, for which public keys from your team members you want to encrypt the file for.
Everyone who has any the right private key, that belongs to any of these recipients public keys, that are in your public keyring, can then decrypt the file again.
This way you only share public keys, and never share private keys. Its a security breach actually to share private keys, but there are options to back-up your private keys, which again is a way to share it.
Just better use pgp like its designed for.
cheers, ingo
