
@_date: 2006-04-17 21:56:21
@_author: Julia Dashkevich 
@_subject: Help understanding gnupg needed! 
I have just installed GnuPG to use it with Enigmail
extension for Thunderbird 1.5. Having gone through the setup and key generation, it
was necessary to make my public key available on the
web keyserver. Is it true that if i publish it there
my email address (which comes in the user id) may
become a target for spammers? Is it possible to show
an existing webmail address in the user id which is
not the email address i am going to use with
encryption feature? Moreover, will i only be able to send encrypted mail
to other gnupg users, or does it matter if the
recepient has encryption software of the kind?
ANy imput will be welcome - please respond, i need
this info in order to make a decision whether to
proceed with using this software or quit.
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

@_date: 2006-04-18 15:49:20
@_author: Julia Dashkevich 
@_subject: Help understanding gnupg needed! 
Hello Stef,
I respect your openness about the fact.  But it has
not reached the same volumes here as in the west i
guess.  Because except for Yahoo, i have 3 other
accounts, which i have been maintaining, spam free, 2
of them for over 6 years and one for 3 months. I only
have access to dial-up connection, which makes spam a
huge disadvantage, because it takes so much time to
download.. Except for yahoo (which does get a lot of
spam because it is my 'registration' address, and
that's why i ruled against using yahoo pops) i am
getting mail from all accounts using a mail client.  I
like thunderbird a lot, yet it is not the fastest in
downloading messages.  That's why it is pretty
important for me to avoid spam in any quantities.  Nevertheless, i do appreciate your insight, and hope
there is a way out...
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

@_date: 2006-04-20 10:03:30
@_author: Julia Dashkevich 
@_subject: Configuring GPGrelay and MUI account settings 
I installed GPG relay and tried to use it with OE, but
it did not work. configured it as advised in the
readme file:
Name [display name]
Local port: 32025
remote server: mail.xxxxxx.xx
remote port: 25
type: SMTP
ssl/tls: no
Name [display name]
Local port: 32110
remote server: mail.xxxxxx.xx
remote port: 110
type: POP3
ssl/tsl: no
Keyrules: it showed all keys on my keyring (except for
one recently added) in the  settings:
Send mails to associated recipients : pass-through
It is possible to drag and drop recepients' user ids
to 'always encrypt' profile which allows for the
option to encrypt and sign.  But i did not find a way
to add the new keys from my keyrings.  it reports that
probing sockets on both relays failed.  error In OE: email address: [my email address that is also
listed in my uid attached to the key]
servers: incoming mail 127.0.0.1
outgoing mail 127.0.0.1
Incoming mail server:
account name - [my login name]
password [my password]
my server requires authentication - yes, use same
settings as incoming.
connection: always connect using Local Area Network
advanced: SMTP 32025
POP3 32110
server timeouts: 90 sec.
What did i do wrong?
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

@_date: 2006-04-20 20:11:45
@_author: Julia Dashkevich 
@_subject: Changing HomeDir for GnuPG 
Already found a way to add new keys in GPGrelay.  The
right answer always seems to be one click away from me
with open source.  I am such a deep-rooted
mswin-product-user created from a bone in which there
was no marrow:) trying to turn over a new leaf now.
Now I am looking for a safe way to change GnuPG's
HomeDir.  Would the following course of action help me
to do it without damage to my working programs?
(1.) back up the Home Dir from its current location
2. change the directory from GPGshell's GPGconfig
where it says:
GnuPG registry settings:
by browsing for the desired directory
3. check if it has copied the files from the former
HomeDir to the new one, if not do it manually
4. delete (if need be) the directory in the old
5. check that it has written the correct path in the
Registry using regedt32
6. check if all my programs depending on GnuPG keys
are still working properly
i could of course just try editing the registry and
changing the folder location manually, but i don't
have enough experience editing the registry, so i
would rather avoid it.
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

@_date: 2006-10-14 22:21:29
@_author: Julia Dashkevich 
@_subject: A problem with winpt encrypting the current window 
Hi all,
There is a problem here with winpt refusing to encrypt
the message composition window, whenever i try to use
this feature, it tries to encrypt the main window of
the MUA.  Tried the same thing with gpgshell, and it
worked fine.  Do you think it is a bug?
It would be good to get any insights on using winpt. It seems to be more of a _Graphic_ user interface than
gpgshell, althgough the latter is certainly more
functional from my own (very limited) experience.
Using gpg 1.4.5, winpt 1.0.0 and gpgshell 3.52 on
WinXP sp2 Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

@_date: 2006-10-15 19:41:16
@_author: Julia Dashkevich 
@_subject: A problem with winpt encrypting the current window 
Thanks for your insights, Timo.  Following your advice, i have downloaded winpt
v.1.0.1, but i don't know how to install it: there is
no tool for uninstalling my current version separately
from gpg4win.  What are the steps for updating winpt
to the newer version and can it be done without
affecting the current gpg installation? Trying to use this feature with different windows now:
IE - no luck, but i guess it should not be ever
TB compose window, triggered by clicking 'mail' in IE
- it works. I wonder, why it should not work in
_the_same_ kind of compose window, but triggered by TB
itself (!!!)
Notepad - the same error message it gave when trying
to encrypt from TB. When the compose window triggered
by IE was still open, it tried to encrypt that
instead, although the current window was notepad.
MS Word - does not work either
I can't think of anything else that i might want/need
to use it with.  Well, using IE each time i want to encrypt the current
compose window does not seem like a valid option to
Although, the clipboard encryption option works fine.
Looking forward to any further insights,
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

@_date: 2006-10-23 13:18:46
@_author: Julia Dashkevich 
@_subject: Signing/encrypting options using GPGShell 
Yeah, it doesn't look like you can set a certain time
limit for caching passphrase in gpgshell.  However, it
appears to me that gpg itself has gpg passphrase
agent, which can be set up to store passphrase for n
seconds (correct me if i am wrong, please).
However, using either of them makes your private key
more vulnerable...
The only place i found that describes how to configure
it is this: although i don't know if it applies to windows.
--- "Richard H. Stoddard" Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around
