
@_date: 2013-02-28 22:14:02
@_author: BassToGo123 
@_subject: Public Keys not showing up in "Choose Recipients" 
I have used OpenPGP a few times before and it worked just fine, I just began
to use it again and have run into an issue.
I wish to encrypt text written on IOS "Notepad". So I copy and paste
someone's public key into a notepad file, and then Import into my "GPG
Keychain Access". It then loads the public key along with an email and all
that information.
I type some text in Notepad, I then
highlight->right-click->Services->OpenPGP:Encrypt Selection
This opens a box "Choose Recipients", and only a couple of the public keys I
have on my PGP Keychain Access, namely ones I had loaded on months ago
(which showed up immediately back then)
I have tried nearly a half dozen public keys and they all fail to show up in
this "Choose Recipients" box, preventing me from encrypting my text.
Essentially, my problem is that new public keys will not show up outside of
my keychain.
I have tried:
-Multiple different public keys
-Reinstalling GPG Keychain Access
-Updating GPG Keychain Access
Something I noticed. In the GPG Keychain Access directory of my public keys,
there is a drop down arrow next to the public keys I have saved, this seems
to reveal more about the keys. The ones that DO show up in the "Choose
Recipients" box, under the "Type" column have both types "uid" and "sub".
While the public keys that DO NOT show up, are missing the "sub".
I am new to this and it is almost a foreign language of encryption jargon,
please help me out!!
Thank you!
View this message in context: Sent from the GnuPG - User mailing list archive at Nabble.com.

@_date: 2013-03-04 15:25:16
@_author: BassToGo123 
@_subject: Public Keys not showing up in "Choose Recipients" 
Can anyone help me? This sounds like a fairly simple problem to fix for
someone who knows what they are doing. View this message in context: Sent from the GnuPG - User mailing list archive at Nabble.com.

@_date: 2013-03-04 15:26:41
@_author: BassToGo123 
@_subject: Public Keys not showing up in "Choose Recipients" 
Please post
Sent from my iPhone
View this message in context: Sent from the GnuPG - User mailing list archive at Nabble.com.

@_date: 2013-03-05 08:45:03
@_author: BassToGo123 
@_subject: Public Keys not showing up in "Choose Recipients" 
I apologize for my inpatients. I have scoured the internet for a discussion board or some other way of finding support for this program, and this board is the only one I could find. Not that it matters to anyone here, but not resolving this problem in a timely fashion is going to cost me.
If you or anyone here knows of a support forum, I'd love to hear about it as I simply cannot locate one and this is the first place that comes up when looking for such a place.
I cannot thank you enough for your reply. This subkey, if a public key is imported (the key offered with the intent of it being used to write with) without a subkey included, it is simply unable to be written with by choice of its owner?
Sent from my iPhone
View this message in context: Sent from the GnuPG - User mailing list archive at Nabble.com.
