
@_date: 2002-04-17 17:15:01
@_author: Chandrasekhar I.V. 
@_subject: verifying rsa signatures 
Does gnupg-1.0.6 have the support for verifying signatures generated
thru RSA encryption of SHA1 hases?
I dont see how i can specify a RSA public key to verify a digital
signature generated by RSA. "gpg --import" doesnt allow me to import RSA
public keys. My "gpg --version" however shows "PubKey RSA,...."
Also the "gpg --gen-key" shows me no "RSA"option for the kind of key i
want! ( i see only DSA&ElGamal, DSA and ElGamal options).
The gnupg faq however says that RSA is included frm gnupg-1.0.3 and
above versions!
Anyone can help me out?

@_date: 2002-04-17 18:14:01
@_author: Chandrasekhar I.V. 
@_subject: verifying rsa signatures 
Well, this is wht i get when i tried to import a RSA public key.
 >> gpg --import pub.pem
gpg: Warning: using insecure memory!
gpg: no valid OpenPGP data found.
gpg: Total number processed: 0
Note that pub.pem is my RSA public key extracted frm a RSA private key.pem that i used to create the .sig file using RSA digital signature algo. Its not a pgp public key and it is created thru  genrsa frm openssl. and i now want to verify this .sig using gpg tools.
Does anything special need to be done enable RSA operations? Do we have to do sth to the .gnupg/options file?
And assuming this operation had succeeded, how do i specify the rsa pubkey that i want  to verify the rsa signature with? I see that "gnupg -verify x.sig x.txt" doesnt have the option to take in a specified key.
Basically, can we, using gpg tools, verify the signatures generated thru RSA private key using, say, openssl rsa sign generation utilities? If we can, then can somebody guide me thru the steps please?

@_date: 2002-04-17 18:40:01
@_author: Chandrasekhar I.V. 
@_subject: verifying rsa signatures 
- i guess openssl doesnt know the pgp format. I couldnt  find any openssl's rsa utility to convert the rsa public key to OpenPGP format. Since i  noticed in the gpg faq and my "gpg --version" that  gpg has RSA  support, i thought we should be able to verify the signatures generated by RSA algo using the rsa public key (i guess this is pkcs format).
Thats when i stumbled upon this that gpg doesnt allow me to import anything other than a key which is in open pgp format. So can we at all verify the rsa digital signature by using gpg -verify??!
btw heres my pub.pem
-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----
-----END PUBLIC KEY-----
and the corresponding RSA private key
-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
-----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
