
@_date: 2001-08-29 04:03:01
@_author: Johannes Graumann 
@_subject: beginners trouble 
Sorry if this shows up twice - had some crash here.
I have two questions:
1) if I try to generate a key on a rh7.1 machine with the gnupg 1.0.6 rpm as a normal user, I get the "insecure memory" warning. Reading the faq, I learn, that gnupg should be installed as root, so that the memory used is secure (?). Do I have to use Gnupg all the time as root not to have the insecure memory problem?
Can I do something about this by compiling instead of rpm-installing?
2) I tryed to figure out how to tell gnupg that my keyrings are on a floppy - didn't work. Can somebody please hint me towards the right commands?
Thank you, Johannes
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2001-07-11 20:51:01
@_author: Johannes Graumann 
@_subject: Heretic question (com.security.pgp.resources thread) 
I'm new in this field, was reading up on this and that and am planing to get gnupg as soon as my linux box is up again.
Over the last two days or so I followed a thread in com.security.pgp.resources - look for "Moved from 2.63i to PGP6" - and I was wondering, whether somebody in this group - preferably Werner himself (kind of impolite, eh?) - could answer the allegations against gnupg brought up I have no interest in fighting religious wars - not even watching them, I only try to dig out the facts.
Thank you, Johannes
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at

@_date: 2001-06-28 17:36:01
@_author: Johannes Graumann 
@_subject: Questions 
New to the world of encryption, I have a couple of questions concerning Gnupg and the like:
1. Is it correct, that there is no disk wiping tool included into gnupg? What do people use instead?
2. Has anyone ever written some program that filters commands incoming into a machine by ssh and only accepts them if they are encrypted with a certain key? Would a system like that confer security assuming I keep public and private key to myself?
3. Since Gnupg does not come with the capability of creating encrypted file systems (correct?): what are people using (on Linux)? Does anyone have experience with a program called "Rubber hose"?
I apologize for the partial off topic character of the questions.
Thanks for any hint, Johannes
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at

@_date: 2001-08-31 23:26:01
@_author: Johannes Graumann 
@_subject: GPA and changed GNUPGHOME 
Hash: SHA1
How can I teach GPA, that the GNUPGHOME has been changed to
a floppy?
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at
