
@_date: 2007-01-02 17:09:59
@_author: James Platt 
@_subject: Connecticut DSS Requirements for Electronic Signatures 
I'm writing some documentation for a particular application I support  that uses GPG as a back end for signing documents.  This particular  implementation is subject to regulation from the Connecticut  Department of Social Services (link to the regulations below).  While  I am confident that my application meets the requirements (especially  given the variety of other systems where the vendors have signed off  on compliance with this regulation) I want to be sure that my  documentation is technically correct for my own satisfaction, if  nothing else.  I wonder if readers of this list could comment on how  they would interpret the application of these rules to the use of GPG.
In particular, what would you say is the "unique code?"  Is it just  the user's private key or is it the private key plus other  information stored with it?  As I understand it, the main input in  generating a key pair is the output of a random number generator.   Does information about the user such as their name and email address  actually get incorporated into the key in any way or is that  information just stored along with it?  I would rather not say that  the GPG password is part of the unique code because the regulations  speak of the unique code as being something which is assigned to the  user by the provider (me).  That could then be interpreted as meaning  that I would have to assign every user a new password every 60 days  (requirement 7b).  It makes a lot more sense to me to have the users  pick their own passwords but maybe I'm taking that part too literally.
James Platt
C&IS Support Specialist
Dermatology, Yale Cancer Center
Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, CT

@_date: 2014-08-18 13:19:05
@_author: James Platt 
@_subject: It's time for PGP to die. 
As the article says, the question of whether the 5th Amendment applies to passphrases remains unclear.  There have been conflicting rulings in various other cases.
The article also mentions the issue of inspections at border crossings which are not criminal investigations.   I discussed this a while back with an ACLU lawyer and his take was that the border crossing is more like civil law than criminal law.  In a civil case, you can assert a 5th Amendment right but then still be compelled to testify (including disclosure of passphrases) if they grant you immunity from criminal prosecution for anything revealed by the testimony.  In this way, the 5th amendment can not protect you from civil liability.  So, if the ACLU lawyer is correct, then you can assert a 5th amendment right at a border crossing to not decrypt your laptop, they could then compel decryption of the laptop on condition of giving you immunity from prosecution.  We use PGP whole disk encryption for laptops which have HIPAA regulated data on them.  Doctors here have raised questions about whether it?s right for border agents to get access to this data.

@_date: 2014-08-19 11:10:53
@_author: James Platt 
@_subject: It's time for PGP to die. 
The Fourteenth Amendment makes this clear.  It was added to The Constitution after the American Civil War because southerners who were opposing reconstruction claimed that the former slaves did not have constitutional rights because they were not citizens.  To be more precise, constitutional rights apply to ??all persons within the jurisdiction of the United States.?   In a more recent event, the Supreme Court ruled that Guantanamo Bay is in the jurisdiction of the United States and, therefore, the detainees moved there gained the protection of The Constitution.
