
@_date: 2004-04-07 08:10:05
@_author: Jason Burnett 
@_subject: Implementation questions 
Hash: SHA1
I am working on getting our department and hopefully company converted
to using secure communications for email and sensitive document sharing, this is the easy part. The question has been brought up concerning storing secure information
(encrypted) on an internal server we have and allowing multiple
personnel to be able to decrypt that info. Can you encrypt a file
against multiple keys? Is having a departmental or company key that
everyone has a good idea (does not seem like it would be)? I am just
looking for some suggestions on how to implement this or some examples
of how this has been done by members of the list.
Thanks in advance.

@_date: 2004-04-07 09:41:45
@_author: Jason Burnett 
@_subject: Implementation questions 
Hash: SHA1
Thanks for the reply, the email being encrypted was not a huge concern,
we would only use that for corporate communication and if the recipient
left then the sender would know what was in the email. We were more
looking along the lines of storing customer info (passwords) where
multiple sysadmins could access/decrypt the info and the scenario our
suit likes to use "What if your all hit by a bus at the same time?" he
would be able to decrypt the passwords and pass them on to the
replacment team. Once a file is encrypted to multiple keys is there a way to remove one of the
keys from being able to decrypt it? Sort of like revoking a key?
on Wed Apr 07 Atom 'Smasher' spoke forth with the blessed manuscript

@_date: 2004-04-07 10:51:50
@_author: Jason Burnett 
@_subject: Implementation questions 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
on Wed Apr 07 Atom 'Smasher' spoke forth with the blessed manuscript
You are correct, but hopefully we would be able to educate the users
enough to perform this function. I can't seem to find any docs on encrypting to multiple keys, I encrypt
my important files all the time, do you have a URL or some info
on how to encrypt to multiple keys? or am I overanalyzing this function? I have been up all night trying to rebuild a crashed server, so
overlooking simple info is not out of the question right now.
This is something we will not be able to overcome, the employees need
access to the information and could make copies of it before they let us
know they are leaving. We have to trust that our HR department performs
proper background checks before hiring someone (they said they did).
Our main goal is to make sure that, as long our employees maintain
proper personal security, that the data is fairly safe from prying eyes.
I appreciate the help and I feel your pain about trying to think
straight at 0400, I really didnt expect a response to this tonight, nice
surprise, something for me to do while harddrives format.

@_date: 2004-04-07 22:24:57
@_author: Jason Burnett 
@_subject: Implementation questions 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
on Wed Apr 07 Neil Williams spoke forth with the blessed manuscript
Thanks for all the suggestions, I have been experimenting with the
suggestions today and I am very satisfied with the results so far.
This is another option that is being discussed.
