
@_date: 2018-01-15 06:43:20
@_author: Jason Lawrence 
@_subject: Hide UID From Public Key Server By Poison Your Key? 
Hi all,
For of all, I am sorry for using a temporary email
address. Let's say, you have accidentally associated your
real name to the key under your online name and
upload it to public key server, which allows
anyone to connect your online identity to the
person in real life. Since you can never remove
anything from the public key server, You are
wondering if you can add something to it -- for
example, add another 100 of UIDs with other
people's real name and emails so people can not
find out which one is yours, and append another
100 of digital signature so people get tired
before figure out which one is from valid user.
Since it is easy to fake system time for PGP, you
can mix my real UID in middle of all these. The problem is, how will the public key server
handle 2 keys with duplicated timestamp?
Just an idea, it might be more efficient if I just
commit online suicide (throw away my current
Best regret

@_date: 2018-01-15 17:14:40
@_author: Jason Lawrence 
@_subject: Remove public key from keyserver (was:  Hide UID From Public 
Good luck with that, the similar discussing has
been hold years and nothing ever changed. Last
time I checked, a discussing in 2005 was labeled
as "Remove public key from keyserver No.74"
Sent:?Monday, January 15, 2018 at 4:14 PM
That said, it raises the interesting question of revocation of data on
keyservers (and the associated legal issues in operating keyservers, as
the operator is supposed to comply with requests to remove
personally-identifiable information from it).
I was just thinking, would it be possible to have a tag (a UID with
special meaning, like ?please-remove-me at srs-keyservers.net??) for which
the signature would be verified by the keyserver, and that would cause
it to drop everything from its storage apart from this tag? This way the
?please remove me? tag would just naturally propagate across keyservers,
and all up-to-date-enough keyservers will drop all the data associated
with the key except the tag and the master public key (basically, the
strict minimum to check the said tag).
That said I guess ideas like this have already likely been discussed before?
Gnupg-users mailing list
Gnupg-users at gnupg.org
