
@_date: 2005-04-07 15:18:10
@_author: Gerhard Siegesmund 
@_subject: How to set default subkeys? 
Hello all
I have a question, which maybe is very silly. Most likely I don't get
the concept behind subkeys. Unfortunately I couldn't find any
information about all this in the available documents.
I was playing around with my brand new SmartCard. Thinking about
putting *additional* signing, encrypting and authorization keys on it,
based on my already used jerri
Fortunately I made a backup before I began playing with my secret
keyring. :)
Problem is as follows:
It seems gnupg uses the last created key as the default key to use. So
if I want to sign something gpg asks me to enter the smart card.
Similar with encryption. Instead of the 2048bit-Key I created once, the
new 1024 Key on the smardcard is used. So I can't decrypt the new
documents without the smartcard.
So, my question is: How do I set the default keys to use? Especially if
I make my new subkeys public. How do the people know which encryption
subkey to use?
How can I set the key to use for encryption (if I encrypt things for
myself, or for the encrypt-to-Option.)
Or in other words: Is there somewhere a really detailed documentation about
using and managing subkeys?
Thanks for any help!

@_date: 2005-04-20 23:25:09
@_author: Gerhard Siegesmund 
@_subject: importing large keyring 
Hello all
This seems to be a common problem? I recently found the same errors, but
didn't care about them. Is is something I should be concerned about?

@_date: 2005-03-20 11:07:07
@_author: Gerhard Siegesmund 
@_subject: gpg over ssh... 
Hello List
I don't know, whether this is a dump thing to do, but I had the
following idea, which I unfortunately didn't get to work.
I am working on linux (debian) with gpg (GnuPG) 1.4.0.
Say, I have a encrypted file somewhere on a server on the net.
Naturally I don't have my private key on that "unsave" server. I want
to use the output of the encrypted file in a pipe to do something with
I don't like the idea to send the encrypted file back to my home-server
to decrypt it there and then send back the decrypted file to the
work-server. Also this would work, I would have to remember to remove
the decrypted file after the action.
My idea was to do something like the following:
cat encrypted_file.gpg | ssh me gpg --decrypt | do_something.sh
I don't want to do this automatically! Interactivly is great, as this
secures my private key with two passwords. The ssh-password and the
Unfortunatly this doesn't work.
The obvious fix seems to be
cat encrypted_file.gpg | ssh -tt me gpg --decrypt | do_something.sh
which doesn't work either.
So. Does this way sound correctly in your ears? How about security
(apart from the point, that my homeserver is available from the net,
which I know lowers my security a lot. I hope, my password is good
enough.)? Is this at all possible?
My main-point is to hold the private key on one server and not copy it
all over the internet.

@_date: 2005-03-20 12:00:46
@_author: Gerhard Siegesmund 
@_subject: gpg over ssh... 
Hello John
Yes. As noted in my email this surely is one possibility. But this means
I have to copy the encrypted file to my home-server, decrypt it there
and then copy it back unencrypted to the work-server. After using the
data in the unencrypted file I must not forget to delete the file
And you can't implement this simple in a script. With the piping this
would simplify the whole process a lot.
Maybe If I tell, what I want to do, this might simplify the answer. :)
I have a small script, which creates all of my rc-files I normally use.
As some of the rc-Files (like e.g. .muttrc) differ from server to
server, I created template files which are filled by that mentioned
script with the correct information to run as they should. Using darcs
as revision control system I am able to always pull and push the newest
versions of the configuration-files to/from all of the servers I am
working at. Running update-configuration.sh at the server I get the
newest and best configurations I am using right now (this is really
great with vimrc, as I have some configurations in there which help my
workflow a lot).
Now comes the problematic part, which bites me a little bit. As I have
all of the configurationfiles always on all servers (I have all of the
different config-data in the repository too), if I have to add a
password to a rc-file (like muttrc) all of my passwords for all servers
are in this repository. Not a good idea and I am somehow nerveous about
The great idea now was to put all of the sensitive data into an
encrypted file, decryptable only with my private key. But now comes the
misery. How to decrypt that file during update-configuration.sh without
copying my private key to all of the servers I am using this script.
I just remembered that symmetric encryption could solve the problem. But
then I would have to have gpg installed on all servers (which might not
be that big a problem).
So. Is this piping at all doable, or should I use symmetric encryption
with a good passphrase?

@_date: 2005-03-21 11:19:49
@_author: Gerhard Siegesmund 
@_subject: gpg over ssh... 
Hello Atom Smasher
Almost. :-) But this is the other way round. I want to call gpg from
the other server to decrypt something. I have the feeling, that it is
not possible to send something for decryption to another server. This
would have been a great feature. Imagine signing your mails on another
server by calling your gpg at home. :)
