
@_date: 2002-11-19 19:38:02
@_author: James R. Hendrick 
@_subject: Will GPG use Dual Processors under Windows ? 
Other thoughts:
Make sure you know what your bottleneck is before you commit large amounts
of cash. Although given your system specs (P3 600Mhz) you will undoubtedly
see a great improvement going to anything current, you should consider if
you are memory or disk bound as well. A 2+ Ghz processor will still choke
with not enough RAM, and a slow disk will kill the whole thing regardless of
CPU or memory.
Are you committed to Windows? If you are looking for a fast box to do
compression/encryption, you might consider other platforms: Linux or OpenBSD
don't carry the overhead that Windows does and should allow your system to
be more dedicated to the task at hand. You could easily do some minor
scripting to make use of multiple processors also if your data allows. You
could "split" the file and handle each piece separately (also a decent way
to deal with insufficient memory) for example. Behalf Of David Shaw
Sent: Monday, November 18, 2002 8:06 PM
It does not.  There are some things you might try to speed up the
process, though.  First of all, if you turn off compression, you save
some CPU time, though at the cost of a larger file size.  Secondly,
choose your ciphers with care.  Don't use 3DES if you can possibly
avoid it.  While it is the most highly thought of in terms of
security, it is also the slowest cipher by far.
Note that you can take advantage of multiple CPUs if you split up the
work intelligently - for example, say you want to encrypt and
compress.  If you have GnuPG encrypt, and a different program compress
then you can keep both CPUs busy.  Also, if you break your 10 gig file
into 2 5 gig files, then you can run two instances of GnuPG at once.
   David Shaw  |  dshaw  |  WWW    "There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX.
      We don't believe this to be a coincidence." - Jeremy S. Anderson
Gnupg-users mailing list
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2002-10-31 14:40:01
@_author: James R. Hendrick 
@_subject: Java API for gnupg 
This message is in MIME format. Since your mail reader does not understand
this format, some or all of this message may not be legible.
for gnupg. I have pulled down gpgme, but really want to be able to use Java
to do some simple things. The basic needs are to provide encryption for data
exchange that will use one of two transport mechanisms called from a Java
- FTP to and from remote systems
- a custom transfer application for more "real-time" communication that can
send/receive messages in more of a transaction oriented format.
Have I missed something in my search of the archive?
Thanks in advance!
Jim Hendrick

@_date: 2002-10-31 16:51:01
@_author: James R. Hendrick 
@_subject: Java API for gnupg 
Yeah, you're probably right. I was looking for a simple "one shot" fix.
Should have known better.
The thing is that we need to implement a number of "external interfaces"
between an application that we are writing (that will run on UNIX) and a
wide varieity of older systems (including some decades old mainframes). Some
of these simply need to be flat files and have no option other than FTP on
their end, but they think that they could somehow arrange to PGP
encrypt/decrypt before/after transfer (manually, using another system I
The real-time interface we can deal with better since we will have a
"client" running on those external systems and can make the connection
itself encrypted.
I was looking for a "one size fits all" solution and had thought that if we
could automatically do PGP on our end for the flat file transfer, and have
access to an API for the real-time interface that it might serve both
requirements. (I suppose if need be, we could put a dedicated hardware VPN
in between the machines that can only do FTP and our servers.) I was (and
still am) hoping for something easier/less-costly.
If anyone has any other/better ideas, please sing out.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, October 31, 2002 10:23 AM
On Thu, 31 Oct 2002 08:43:36 -0500, James R Hendrick said:
OpenPGp is not the right protocol for this.  You should use TLS or SSH

@_date: 2003-04-01 22:32:02
@_author: James R. Hendrick 
@_subject: Securing Secret Keys 
You should be able to "wipe" the disk area with some tool. I also thought about using gnupg to encrypt the file (to yourself so no one
else could access it), but I'm not sure if this correctly does a multi-pass
wipe of the original disk area.
PGP has the option to "wipe" a file that supposedly does something like what
you ask for. Can anyone comment on whether gnupg can do this?
otherwise you could hope for some disasterous accident to befall the disk
prior to your leaving... oh, and all the backup tapes too...

@_date: 2003-02-09 21:53:02
@_author: James R. Hendrick 
@_subject: encrypting and signing a file without a passphrase 
man gpg
--passphrase-fd n
Read the passphrase from file descriptor n. If you use 0 for n, the
passphrase will be read from stdin.        This can only be used if only one passphrase is supplied.  Don't use this
option if you can avoid it.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Sunday, February 09, 2003 12:43 PM
 Hi all,
 I am using version 1.2.1.  Can someone help me with the following:
 I would like to send encrpyt and sign a file without having to enter a
passphrase each time.  I could not find a way to pass the passphrase as an
 argument to GPG.   In the FAQ, there was some mention (article 4.14) about
 batch process and removing the passphrase using --edit.  I tried that, but
when I entered:
     gpg --edit foo
  I had no means of editing foo.
 Any ideas how I can encrpyt and sign a file without having to enter my
 Steve
 stevek
Gnupg-users mailing list
Gnupg-users

@_date: 2003-02-10 03:05:02
@_author: James R. Hendrick 
@_subject: encrypting and signing a file without a passphrase 
In a UNIX shell, If "paswd.txt" has the password, you would do "gpg --passhprase-fd 3  3< ///paswd.txt"
the "3" is simply a file descriptor like STDIN or STDOUT, and the "3<" tells the shell to take the file and feed it to file descriptor
Note: storing a password like this is very bad for security. You have taken
the strength of the cryptography and reduced it to the strength of whoever
has access to "paswd.txt".
If you need to do something like this so it can run unattended, you should
create short-lived keys to do the encrypting.
Something like:
You create a key for "Feb Key" with an expiration lifetime of one month.
You have a "Steve Kwong" key that uses a strong passphrase that you keep
secret and safe.
You sign the "Steve Temp Key0" with the "Steve Kwong" key.
You put the passphrase to "Steve Temp Key0" in the file.
When "Steve Temp Key0" expires, you create a new one "Steve Temp Key2" or
whatever (you can use the same name. This is just for illustration)
If you suspect "Steve Temp Key0" has been compromised, you simply revoke it
and create a new one.
People know it is your key as long as you don't sign any other "Steve Temp
You never expose your real key, but you can use the "Steve Temp Keys"
Sent: Sunday, February 09, 2003 12:56 PM
Gnupg-users mailing list
Gnupg-users

@_date: 2003-03-31 21:04:02
@_author: James R. Hendrick 
@_subject: OT 
I hate to step in this one, because there are excellent points on both
sides. However, I must make a point where I make a distinction between
professionalism and indifference. I may or may not agree with what is posted
on the GnuPG site (or on an Oracle site, or on a Sun or Microsoft site).
Would you feel the same way if GnuPG had an American flag supporting our
troops, but also wishing for an end to the war?
In my opinion, these expressions have little to do with their
professionalism in the creation, distribution or support of a product. If
you feel your clients will be offended by your recommendation of GnuPG, I
hope you (and they) will understand that this expression is perhaps more
open and forward than some found on other sites, but should not reflect on
you or on the product. In fact it is these freedoms that America has (and
continues to) fight for.
Sincerely hoping that the War will end and all brave and innocent people
will be allowed to return to their families, and that those families will be
allowed to live in peace and freedom.
Jim Hendrick
P. S. This is not an expression of my employer, but of my own.
