
@_date: 2007-01-30 10:52:26
@_author: Juan =?iso-8859-1?Q?Marug=E1n?= 
@_subject: New command line language parameter 
I use gpg a lot everyday, it's a great tool. I'm going to explain my situation, so perhaps you can help me. I'm quite sure there are a lot of people in the same case.
I'm spanish and I like to use spanish versions of the applications that I use every day when they're available. In my computer under Windows XP I have the 1.4.6 GPG version with the "Lang" key in the registry, under "HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\GNU\GnuPG" pointing to the spanish language file and everything works great in spanish, but if I copy my GnuPG installation folder to a pendrive or USB HD in order to run it from other computer different than mine (my laptop, a friend's computer, cyber-coffe, etc), everything still working great, but in the target computer the gpg registry key is not present, or what is worst, is pointing to another different folder because another version of GPG is installed, and all the program turns to english again or some other language deppending on the possible installed version and the compatibilities with mine.
My request for the next version of GNUPG is that it will be great if a command line parameter can overrride that language registry key configuration, as the "HomeDir" key can be overriden with the --homedir parameter. In that case, people will be able to call the program or create for example a .bat file so they can run the pgp.exe program in the desired home folder and desired language in any computer with or without the registry keys.
For example (sign_verify.bat):
---Begining of .bat file ----------------------------------
 off
echo Verifying...
%1\gpg.exe --homedir %2 --langfile %1\gnupg.nls\es.mo --verify %3
---End of .bat file ---------------------------------------
The call could be something like:
With this new parameter you can have another advantage and is the possibility of running several diferent versions of GnuPG in the same machine. Now all of them will look for the language files in the same pointed folder by the registry. With this new parameter you can run issolated any future version in order to test or whatever you need.
While this can be done, does anyone know how to forze the language settings without using the registry?
Thanks in advance to everybody
