
@_date: 2016-03-14 22:25:49
@_author: Mire, John 
@_subject: DNS record for finding a key from an e-mail address 
Hash: SHA256
In one version the receiving user would create a truncated version of
their key, using only the UID that is related to that e-mail address.
The sending user would retrieve that key, and the mail software would
rely on it to encrypt the mail to the receiving user. There is also some
discussion in regards to how or whether the software doing the DNS
lookup would, or would not, also utilize the sending user's key ring,
but let's keep it simple for now.
In another version the receiving user would place the full fingerprint
of their key in the DNS, and the sending user's software would use that
fingerprint to retrieve the key and compare that retrieved key to the
user's existing WOT, then inform the user of the results.
Of these alternatives, which do you see as most useful, and why? Or, do
you imagine a different app   [..snip..]
There are other people that are more qualified to answer this, but
having been a sysadmin
since mail route maps were the rule and NS was a hosts.txt downloaded
from your upstream
I think there is a system in place that works pretty well, keys are not
'siloed' in one place but are
distributed to every keyserver for the public to see, its the sks
openpgp keyservers.  At last count,
there are 4,215,893 keys that occupy approximately 7.7Gb of space.

@_date: 2016-03-15 14:56:36
@_author: Mire, John 
@_subject: DNS record for finding a key from an e-mail address 
DNS is distributed from a hierarchical model from the top down, in it's
nature it's siloed.  So, for example john.doe.com, doug.barton.com and
john.mire.com, each site has its pgp key info in it's dns server(s), no
one else would have that info.  If your site was DDS'd, I could'nt
automatically get your public key from dns.john.mire.com or
dns.john.doe.com and vice versa unless we setup secondary zones, it's
not automatic and it has very little redundancy.  In the keyserver
world, if your keyserver was DDS'd, you could get your info from
keyserver.john.mire.com or keyserver.john.doe.com or any other
keyserver, if you knew the address.  Also, as far as DR(disaster
recovery) is concerned, if you didn't bring your keyserver(s) backup,
your info would still be available and you could move forward unlike
your dns, unless you offloaded it.
This view is from my experience from my work, we have about 8500 people,
that's a lot of entries already into dns for the machines, we are
authoritative for our domain and don't have secondary zones, we have one
keyserver but if it goes down, we can just use the keyserver pool.
