
@_date: 2015-10-04 11:41:56
@_author: joe.asmodeus@sigaint.org 
@_subject: How to get your first key signed 
Are you aware of a court, anywhere in the world, which has considered the

@_date: 2015-10-04 15:04:42
@_author: joe.asmodeus@sigaint.org 
@_subject: How to get your first key signed 
I assume that enforcebility is determined using the standards applied to
pen-and-ink signatures. Lack of legal capacity, forgery or duress, to name
a few, would permit repudiation.  The party seeking to enforce a contract
signed digitally should bear the burden of establishing a signature's
validity.  Therefore, I agree that a blanket holding that all digital
signatures are non-repudiable is unlikely.

@_date: 2015-10-04 22:24:38
@_author: joe.asmodeus@sigaint.org 
@_subject: OpenPGP Signatures (was Re: How to get your first key signed) 
If that was what he meant to say, he didn't say it.
Which prompted me to ask "Are you aware of a court, anywhere in the world,
which has considered the issue?"  I wanted to find out if Rob knew of any
cases in which repudiability of OpenPGP signatures had been litigated.
Rob apparently thought I was questioning the legality of digital
signatures generally.  He replied "Yes, many!  Digital signatures are
enforceable in U.S. courts.  Non-repudiability, though, as far as I know
has never been successfully argued.  More to the point, I don't think it
could be."
That leaves unanswered the question of whether non-repudiability has ever
beem unsuccessfully argued, in other words, whether any court has
considered the issue.
If the goal posts moved, it was not intentional on my part.  Discussions
have a way of doing that.  The focus changes.  I offered my thoughts as to
 standards which might be useful in dealing with the question when it
comes up.  If a digital signature is a signature, its enforceability
should be determined in the same way a handwritten signature's
enforceability is.
So, I'll make my question more general.  Is anyone aware of a case in
which the validity or enforceability of an OpenPGP signature has been
argued?  It would likely have come up when a party to contract attempted
to repudiate his OpenPGP signature.
