
@_date: 2019-05-05 14:32:20
@_author: Jeff Allen 
@_subject: ProtonMail and Anonymity 
I suppose like anything else it all comes down to whether you believe
them or not.  I do.
Here is ProtonMail's explanation of what they do with the personally
identifiable information collected during registration:
"If you are presented with Email or SMS verification, we only save a
cryptographic hash of your email or phone number which is not
permanently associated with the account that you create. Because hash
functions are one way functions, it is impossible to derive your phone
number or email from that hash. However, using the same phone number
will result in obtaining the same cryptographic hash, so by comparing
hashes, we can detect re-use of phone number or email addresses for
human verification."
The reasons behind ProtonMail signup procedures are more fully expained
at

@_date: 2019-05-06 08:53:14
@_author: Jeff Allen 
@_subject: ProtonMail and Anonymity 
It would be more trivial not to hash the number and say you did.
ProtonMail claims they hash the number and store it unlinked to your
account.  Their stated objective is to prevent the same phone number or
email address from being used to sign up for numerous accounts.  As I
said, I believe them.  You apparently do not.
People who don't trust ProtonMail shouldn't use it.  Why believe them
about end-to-end encryption if you can't trust them?  That would seem to
me to be a bigger concern than how they handle your number or email address.

@_date: 2019-10-05 08:05:37
@_author: Jeff Allen 
@_subject: We have GOT TO make things simpler 
The original poster, perhaps unintentionally, stated the real reason the
masses have not adopted PGP, "Please do appreciate that the persons who
we are convincing and instructing are not particularly interested in
privacy."  That's it in a nutshell.  The masses are not particularly
interested in privacy.  If they were, they'd abandon Gmail and Yahoo and
all the other providers who make no excuse for the fact their economic
model depends on users being not particularly interested in privacy.
I have used GnuPG since it was first released and PGP2 and PGP5 before
that.  I read "Why Johnny Can't Encrypt" 20 years ago.  I didn't believe
it then and don't believe it now because in my experience any
sufficiently motivated, reasonably intelligent person who wants to use
these tools can learn to do so expending less time and effort than it
takes to master the latest video game.
Sure it is.  As Mr. Lane explained, its supposed to be.  But that
doesn't mean that it can't be used by non-PGPGs.  You don't have to
understand every command and option to use GnuPG effectively.  A handful
will suffice for file or email encryption.
I agree that there are easier-to-learn encryption solutions than GnuPG.
Mailvelope, FlowCrypt, ProtonMail, Mailfence and Tutanota come
immediately to mind.  Any is adequate for the privacy needs of the
masses.  Unfortunately, the masses haven't swarmed to them any more than
to PGP or GnuPG.  The masses think they have nothing to hide.  They
aren't at all concerned about privacy.

@_date: 2019-10-08 09:21:49
@_author: Jeff Allen 
@_subject: We have GOT TO make things simpler 
So what?  If the goal is private communication, ProtonMail and Tutanota
are nearly effortless ways to achieve it.  Sign up for a free account
and have at it.  Most folks could care less about speaking proper
OpenPGP with outside services.  Those who do will use ProtonMail, not
I disagree.  No widely used OpenPGP implementation is going to
automatically encrypt replies to encrypted email out of the box.  With
ProtonMail you have to import your correspondent's public key and flip
an encryption switch in settings. You have to do that with GnuPG too,
whether you are working from the command line or using
Thunderbird/Enigmail or a GUI front-end.
Sure it's a solution.  I have accounts at both.  Most of my email is not
encrypted because, as the original poster pointed out, most people I
communicate with are not particularly interested in privacy.  When a
private discussion _is_ required, I suggest that we have it on one of
those platforms.  All my family members have ProtonMail accounts.  They
don't use them most of the time.  They have Gmail accounts for daily
use.  But when we discuss financial matters or anything else we'd rather
not have Google a party to, ProtonMail is the answer.  If someone tells
me they have a Tutanota account or are willing to get one, I say "fine!"
and give them my Tutanota address.

@_date: 2019-10-10 09:05:42
@_author: Jeff Allen 
@_subject: We have GOT TO make things simpler 
Of course we should.  I'm happy to do that when the person with whom I
want to communicate privately is willing to do the same.  Most aren't,
and I am unwilling to let the perfect be the enemy of the good.
Personally, I am not capable of auditing code, including that of GnuPG.
 It is unrealistic to think most users, even most power users, have the
time and ability to audit the code of their security software.
My threat model is not overly demanding.  Mainly I want to avoid getting
targeted pharma ads or being denied insurance if I discuss a medical
issue in an email.  I'd prefer that Google not be able to surmise my
income sources and net worth based on information I share with family
members.  Were I worried about being targeted by NSA, law enforcement or
a civil court order, I'd be a lot more demanding of my correspondents
and myself.
I have used PGP since at least version 2.6.x.  I can do OpenPGP via
Thunderbird/Enigmail, mutt, GPGShell, Geany, Kleopatra or the command
line and don't find any of them to be particularly daunting.  What I
haven't been able to do is convince many people to do the same.

@_date: 2019-10-13 16:27:23
@_author: Jeff Allen 
@_subject: Future OpenPGP Support in Thunderbird 
How do you know this?
And this?
Presumably those ~20,000,000 will have to opt-in to use Thunderbird
encryption.  Most won't for the same reason they don't install and use
Enigmail now.  They don't particularly care about privacy, and the few
who do care correspond with people who don't.
If responses to my posts in the "We have GOT TO make things simpler"
thread are any indication, you'll be looking at quite a few back sides.
Is there any reason to think that folks who object to easy-to-use
proprietary encrypted email solutions from ProtonMail and Tutanota will
embrace a proprietary encrypted email solution from Thunderbird?
Jeff Allen

@_date: 2019-10-14 10:15:21
@_author: Jeff Allen 
@_subject: Future OpenPGP Support in Thunderbird 
I have used Enigmail since its inception and have never knowingly
submitted a log or answered a survey and have always assumed Enigmail
does not phone home.
All the statements might be true.  My question was "How do you know?"
I agree and think Patrick underestimates the number of GnuPG/Enigmail
users who care a lot about the details.  My argument in the other thread
was that folks who value privacy and encryption but can't be burdened by
the details have reasonably secure easy-to-use options available.
Enigmail is, of course, one of them.
Not at all.  My point was that I doubt OpenPGP's inclusion in
Thunderbird will have a major impact on the number of people encrypting
their email.
Here we disagree.  I believe that existing software is not that
difficult to use.  The problem, if there is one, is that most people
simply aren't interested.  Twenty years ago I thought that everyone
would soon be using end-to-end encrypted email.  Twenty years from now
they still won't be.
But "free" email has never been free from the likes of Gmail, Yahoo,
GMX, etc.  While you don't pay a yearly fee, you trade your privacy for
a few bucks.  You open yourself to tracking and targeted advertising.
Your email is anything but private.  A couple years back both Google and
Yahoo claimed to be working on E2EE.  I wonder why it never happened?
The free versions of ProtonMail, Tutanota and Mailfence at least
preserve your privacy.  They aren't monetized through advertising and
tracking.  Instead they sell premium services to people who want more
capacity or features.  Many people I know do email exclusively on their
smart phones.  They don't use an MUA and don't care about POP3, IMAP or
SMTP. Their view of using email services in a reasonable manner doesn't
comport with yours or mine.
I hope I am wrong and Thunderbird's OpenPGP implementation is a complete
success encouraging many more people to encrypt their email.  I would,
however, personally prefer that Thunderbird directly implement GnuPG
integration instead of going it alone.  That would satisfy both casual
and power users as Enigmail does now.
Will Thunderbird OpenPGP support smart cards like my Yubikey?  How about
a feature like GnuPG's group line or Enigmail's per-recipient rules?
In-line PGP as well as PGP/MIME?  Encrypted subject and the ability to
turn it on or off?  As far as I know, they are all features of GnuPG or
Enigmail and not required by the OpenPGP specification.
Patrick and company deserve our thanks for many years splendid service
to the OpenPGP community.  So does Werner and his team who created and
maintain a tool that has satisfied a wide range of users for decades. I
doubt that yet another proprietary OpenPGP system is what the world needs.
Jeff Allen

@_date: 2019-10-18 10:02:51
@_author: Jeff Allen 
@_subject: Future OpenPGP Support in Thunderbird 
I am a GnuPG user, not an expert and certainly not a developer, so you
may take my suggestions with a grain of salt.
Following this thread about future OpenPGP support in Thunderbird
prompted me to begin trying other MUAs.  Why?  Because if Thunderbird
implements its own OpenPGP scheme, I wonder whether it will include
features I consider important like smartcard support.  It is unlikely
to have a configuration file like gpg.conf that enables me to fine-tune both email and file encryption.
For the past couple of days I have been using Evolution.  It just works
with GnuPG.  I don't know or care how.  It encrypts, decrypts and
verifies signatures.  There was no set-up required.  My Yubikey works
because Evolution calls GnuPG instead of using a proprietary
implementation.  AFAIK only GPG does that.  Protonmail, Mailvelope,
FlowCrypt, and Mailfence do not.  You could probably build in smartcard
support and any other feature I can name, but why grapple with what
GnuPG already does well?  Why spend your time trying to head off the
next security threat when Werner & Co. will do it for you?
Enigmail has great features like the key manager and per-recipient
rules.  Focus on those.  Make Thunderbird encryption easy to use for
novices without driving off more experienced users.  Like Enigmail, I
use only a tiny fraction of GPG's commands and options. The fact that
GPG can do things I find esoteric is of little concern to me, but I'm
glad those features are there for people who need them.  The complexity
of GnuPG does not make its use complex the average users or for apps
providing GPG front-ends.  They simply ignore what they don't need.
The only thing I see that internal OpenPGP accomplishes is saving the
Windows user the task of installing GnuPG.  Anyone who uses Thunderbird
knows how to install software.  You can probably arrange with Werner
for a permanent link to the latest simple installer.  Automatically
check for GnuPG when Thunderbird is installed on Windows.  If it isn't
there, offer one-click installation.
I started using Thunderbird because of Enigmail, not the other way
around.  I haven't been a fan of some recent developments like pEp and
defaulting to "junior" mode, but I recognize their usefulness to new
users and can easily work around them myself.  My take on your original
explanation of the reason for Enigmail's pending demise is that a
changed Thunderbird plug-in scheme makes it more efficient to build
Enigmail functionality into the MUA.  Why not stick with that and focus
on what has made Enigmail successful?
Jeff Allen

@_date: 2019-10-20 08:51:24
@_author: Jeff Allen 
@_subject: Future OpenPGP Support in Thunderbird 
I understand not wanting to rewrite Enigmail from scratch using a new
API.  If you have neither the time nor the desire to do it, I'm glad
the Thunderbird team is willing to take over.  My concern is how
OpenPGP support is to be implemented.  IIRC, you stated that it is too
soon to know how much of Enigmail's functionality will be included.  To
me that is less important than how much of GnuPG's functionality will
be incorporated.  I can live without Enigmail's key manager and per-
recipient rules if there is smartcard support and the ability to
encrypt to multiple keys and to keys without a UID that matches the
recipient's email address.  If Thunderbird uses another OpenPGP library
instead of calling GnuPG, I suspect some of those capabilites will
Enigmail enabled a popular cross-platform email client to interface
with GnuPG with all its capabilities.  I've been trying out Evolution
for the past few days.  It doesn't have the special features Enigmail
provides, but it does support GPG-encrypted email. It uses the keys on
my Yubikey and aliases in my gpg.conf group lines.  It is quite similar
to using the earliest versions of Enigmail.  Evolution's main
limitation is that it is Linux only, not cross-platform.  Windows and
Mac users are out of luck.
Jeff Allen

@_date: 2019-10-21 22:01:36
@_author: Jeff Allen 
@_subject: FAQ change 
It was, but that's quibbling.  Yahoo! Groups performance, on the
platform and as a simple mailing list relay, has been deteriorating for
years.  Hundreds of lists formerly hosted on Yahoo! Groups have moved
to other platforms because Yahoo!'s current ownership has made it clear
that the groups they inherited are not part of their corporate future. The elimination of of hosted content is just the latest manifestation.
Like others, we looked around and found something that worked better.
My thanks to Mr. Hansen for updating our listing.
Jeff Allen, PGPNET moderator

@_date: 2019-09-30 10:38:36
@_author: Jeff Allen 
@_subject: We have GOT TO make things simpler 
ProtonMail or Tutanota.  Both ensure far more privacy and security than
Gmail.  Both offer free accounts and smartphone apps.  If you need to
communicate privately with someone, have them get an account.
Few people not particularly interested in privacy are going to adopt a
solution requiring selecting, cutting, encrypting and pasting text. If
they already use Thunderbird, Enigmail is an easy enough to learn.  The
real stumbling block is that most people don't do email using
Thunderbird or any MUA.
