
@_date: 2019-09-04 22:41:22
@_author: Andre =?iso-8859-1?Q?Kl=E4rner?= 
@_subject: Forward entire gnupg $HOME 
Hi all,
is there a way to properly shared the entire keyring and trust settings
between two machines?
My use case is the following:
Mutt, my email client, runs on a containerized mailserver on another machine
right under my desk.
My GPG key is stored on a Yubikey attached to my workstation (another
physical machine compared to the mailserver's host system)
I usually use my workstation to do everything, but since I can't access my
mailbox via NFS anymore (different story), I resorted to sshing into my
email server, and doing all the mailing needs right there, locally.
My Yubikey also is used as the SSH key for everything, and hence plugged
into my workstation.
After following  and batteling with
the autostarting gpg-agent (fixed with no-autostart in the remote system's
gpg.conf), masking all but the dirmngr systemd socket and service units, and
struggeling with the removal of /run/user/1000/gnupg on logout, I finally
got it to work. (Nice how the last one doesn't matter, if dirmngr.socket is
Now I have another problem: my main machine knows all my internet friend's
keys, my mailserver not. I can of cause gpg --export, scp and gpg --import,
but that is nothing scalable and needs to be repeated over and over again
when anything changes.
Do I expect to much, or is this simply and typically invalid usecase?
Is there a simpler way to configure a remote GPG just for a session, so
that it uses another socket to connect to the gpg-agent (I also sign git
commits, sometimes with etckeeper even on remote machines).
Thanks a lot for reading, and best regards,

@_date: 2019-09-05 14:36:58
@_author: Andre =?iso-8859-1?Q?Kl=E4rner?= 
@_subject: Forward entire gnupg $HOME 
Hi all,
It also would contradict my security model: there are exactly three copies
of my private key: one in my Yubikey 5 NFC, one in my Yubikey 5 nano, one
in my OpenPGP smartcard. There are no other keys at all.
And unless I actively use one of them, they are all offline and not usable.
The Yubikeys even go a step further: even plugged in and with my PIN used
once they are not usable, unless someone is physically present to confirm
the operation by touching them.
Especially the last part is the main reason I was drawn to Yubikeys: our
company uses SSH extensively, and due to Audit restrictions
SSHAgentForwarding must be enabled so that the audit box can log all SSH
plaintext traffic. But once I am logged on to one of our servers I have
root access as many of our colleagues - so a knowledgable person easily can
reuse my agent for anything else. With a physical confirmation required
this is no longer a problem.
So I hope you now know how my requirements came to be, and that simply
using multiple subkeys doesn't scale. The only thing saving my is proper
and secure forwarding.
Thanks and best regards,
