
@_date: 2014-04-09 13:20:58
@_author: Kapil Aggarwal 
@_subject: It's 2014. Are we there yet? 
I?m an ardent reader of this (and a few other) mailing lists, but usually stay quiet and in the background. However, in light of global events and paradigm shifts in the last few months, I?m tempted to speak up.
                While I do use PGP/GPG, I have to admit that the usage has been minimal and sporadic over the last few years, with the usual suspects as reasons. But the biggest reason of course is ?adoption? i.e. very few in my social/professional circle use it. Now, we all (probably, subconsciously?) know/acknowledge why that is, we are in 2014 after all.                 My personal belief is that the awareness for secure communications is starting to rise, not just for the niche users who are already using it/know how to use it, but for the ?average Joe user? as well. My definition of the ?average Joe user? btw is someone who:
-	Has at least one computing device, if not more
-	Is familiar with email
-	Is already using various online mediums
-	Has usually never thought about ?secure communications? or maybe in an abstract fashion
Now, the barrier to entry of secured communications is high. I realize that. I?m sure a lot of you do as well. It?s not easy, it takes time, patience, a certain level of expertise and a tacit acknowledgement that they need to use it in the first place (probably the most important).
The ?secure communications? paradigm of course spans a whole spectrum from ?I don?t give a ****? to ?I?ll do anything to protect my communications, including giving away my first born?. I suspect the ?average Joe user? in 2014 is slightly above the former, but way below the latter. Without going to the other end of the spectrum, what will make adoption of secure communications a bit more palatable to the ?average Joe user??
Let?s list a few arguments:
-	I don?t even know what I need. ? Well, assuming they are starting to recognize the need, I suspect they will find out relatively easily as to what they need. With a few caveats of course. There?s way more FUD/noise/BS out there than the average person can decipher, so it?ll probably end as being word-of-mouth recommendations or such.
-	Even if I know what I need, getting it/installing it is hard. ? It is. The setup/install needs to be simpler, i.e. as simple as installing an ?app?. That is what the average Joe user is capable of.
-	WTF is a key pair/public key/private key/? - ? This IS a big problem. I may get it, you may get it, how does the average Joe user gain that understanding? The nomenclature needs to be, well, something that the average Joe user can understand as well. They understood SSL (well, for the most part).
-	 ? several more similar arguments.
Now, what will help drive this adoption more?
-	A better install experience?
-	A ?dumbed down? (if you will) taxonomy that they can understand?
-	Simpler UIs? (without sacrificing secure functionality)
-	Better integration with existing systems?
-	Education? i.e. ongoing information dissemination that educates people on these things. Newsletters? How tos? Youtube videos (shudder)? And others.
-	Start hitting them on the head with a baseball bat? ?
All thoughts are very much welcome and appreciated.
Kapil Aggarwal.

@_date: 2014-04-09 12:39:44
@_author: Kapil Aggarwal 
@_subject: It's 2014. Are we there yet? 
I'm an ardent reader of this (and a few other) mailing
lists, but usually stay quiet and in the background. However, in light of
global events and paradigm shifts in the last few months, I'm tempted to
speak up.
                While I do use PGP/GPG, I have to admit that the usage has
been minimal and sporadic over the last few years, with the usual suspects
as reasons. But the biggest reason of course is "adoption" i.e. very few in
my social/professional circle use it. Now, we all (probably,
subconsciously?) know/acknowledge why that is, we are in 2014 after all.                 My personal belief is that the awareness for secure
communications is starting to rise, not just for the niche users who are
already using it/know how to use it, but for the "average Joe user" as well.
My definition of the "average Joe user" btw is someone who:
-          Has at least one computing device, if not more
-          Is familiar with email
-          Is already using various online mediums
-          Has usually never thought about "secure communications" or maybe
in an abstract fashion
Now, the barrier to entry of secured communications is high. I realize that.
I'm sure a lot of you do as well. It's not easy, it takes time, patience, a
certain level of expertise and a tacit acknowledgement that they need to use
it in the first place (probably the most important).
The "secure communications" paradigm of course spans a whole spectrum from
"I don't give a ****" to "I'll do anything to protect my communications,
including giving away my first born". I suspect the "average Joe user" in
2014 is slightly above the former, but way below the latter. Without going
to the other end of the spectrum, what will make adoption of secure
communications a bit more palatable to the "average Joe user"?
Let's list a few arguments:
-          I don't even know what I need. - Well, assuming they are starting
to recognize the need, I suspect they will find out relatively easily as to
what they need. With a few caveats of course. There's way more FUD/noise/BS
out there than the average person can decipher, so it'll probably end as
being word-of-mouth recommendations or such.
-          Even if I know what I need, getting it/installing it is hard. -
It is. The setup/install needs to be simpler, i.e. as simple as installing
an "app". That is what the average Joe user is capable of.
-          WTF is a key pair/public key/private key/. - J This IS a big problem. I may get it, you may get it, how
does the average Joe user gain that understanding? The nomenclature needs to
be, well, something that the average Joe user can understand as well. They
understood SSL (well, for the most part).
-           . several more similar arguments.
Now, what will help drive this adoption more?
-          A better install experience?
-          A "dumbed down" (if you will) taxonomy that they can understand?
-          Simpler UIs? (without sacrificing secure functionality)
-          Better integration with existing systems?
-          Education? i.e. ongoing information dissemination that educates
people on these things. Newsletters? How tos? Youtube videos (shudder)? And
-          Start hitting them on the head with a baseball bat? J
All thoughts are very much welcome and appreciated.
Kapil Aggarwal.

@_date: 2014-04-09 14:07:49
@_author: Kapil Aggarwal 
@_subject: It's 2014. Are we there yet? 
I have. I was hoping there has been atleast a small rise in user perception
about secure communications and newer software platforms/delivery channels
that are beneficial.
-----Original Message-----
J. Hansen
Sent: Wednesday, April 09, 2014 1:59 PM
Every year or so this subject comes up, and my answers are unchanged from
last time: start by reading up on academic papers studying this exact
problem.  For a while John Clizbe and I kept a list of good papers, but I
have to confess I haven't been keeping up on the latest literature.  Still,
our last list is pretty good reading.
(These selections come from both John and me, but John is the one who
assembled them into proper cite format -- thanks, John.  For the original
message, see "Re: what is killing PKI?" on this mailing list, posted on 24
Aug 2012.)
Gaw, S., Felten, E. W., and Fernandez-Kelly, P. 2006.
Secrecy, flagging, and paranoia: adoption criteria in encrypted email.
In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing
Systems (Montreal, Quebec, Canada, April 22 - 27, 2006).
R. Grinter, T. Rodden, P. Aoki, E. Cutrell, R. Jeffries, and G. Olson, Eds.
CHI '06. ACM, New York, NY, 591-600.
DOI= Garfinkel, S. L., Margrave, D., Schiller, J. I., Nordlander, E., and Miller,
R. C. 2005. How to make secure email easier to use.
In _Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing
Systems_ (Portland, Oregon, USA, April 02 - 07, 2005).
CHI '05. ACM, New York, NY, 701-710.
DOI= Alma Whitten and J.D. Tygar. Why Johnny Can't Encrypt: A Usability
Evaluation of PGP 5.0. In Proceedings of the 8th USENIX Security Symposium,
Washington, DC, August 1999. Steve Sheng, Levi Broderick, Colleen Alison Koranda, and Jeremy J.
Hyland. Why Johnny Still Can't Encrypt: Evaluating the Usability of Email
Encryption Software. Poster session, 2006 Symposium On Usable Privacy and
Security, Pittsburgh, PA, July 2006.
Gnupg-users mailing list
Gnupg-users at gnupg.org

@_date: 2014-04-10 12:23:07
@_author: Kapil Aggarwal 
@_subject: It's 2014. Are we there yet? 
If you gave that explanation to my wife.... :) Her eyes would glaze over
before you finished the first paragraph. Not that I disagree with you and it
is actually a very sane/less complex explanation.
My point is that the average Joe user equates SSL with "web security" for
e.g. Whether this notion is right or wrong, doesn't matter, it's what he/she
believes. They don't understand SSL any better than PGP/GPG etc. yet they
"believe" in it. Somehow the message of "secure communications" needs to be
at the same level of simplicity and pervasiveness.
-----Original Message-----
H. Wood
Sent: Thursday, April 10, 2014 10:50 AM
I think this one is easy.  The key pair is a mathematical analog of the old
spy trick (I'm sure it's in the movies somewhere) of tearing a playing card
in two, giving one piece to each of two people who do not know each other
but must be able to recognize one another.  No two cards tear *exactly* the
same way.  And the math does this *much* better.
I thought that the tradition of the mizpah coin would serve as well, but I
haven't found a good explanation, just advertising and Biblical
backgrounders.  As I recall, someone thought to break a soft metal coin in
two, so that the jagged edges would symbolize a unique relationship, and
somehow related it back to the story of the cairn of stones that symbolized
an agreement with God as witness.  Nowadays they mint the things in two
pieces, very stylized, and you buy them already separated.  So maybe this is
not so useful here.
Anyway, the point is the same:  a random process produces a unique boundary
between two complementary pieces, which the holders can use to identify each
other.  A computer does it with mathematics that you don't have to fully
understand, so long as you trust someone who does.  If you need to see it in
the physical world, just tear a piece of paper, or break a cookie in two,
and contemplate the result.
There are other things you can do with the jagged edges (so to speak) of
these keys, to scramble and unscramble a message, because the two pieces are
related, in a way too complex to easily guess if you don't have one of them.
Go ahead:  pick up a pencil and paper, and try to predict the EXACT shape of
the torn edges of a card without seeing it.
One thing you must understand is that the keys are related *mathematically*,
not physically.  *Unlike* the card, knowing one shape does not automatically
give you the other.  This is useful:  it means that you have a secret which
you don't have to share to prove that you know it.
After that, it's all just multiplying impossibly huge numbers.
That's dumbed down considerably, but I think it gets the basic idea across

@_date: 2014-04-10 20:01:17
@_author: Kapil Aggarwal 
@_subject: It's 2014. Are we there yet? 
Now, that is something that would go down well with the average Joe user.
Mucho Gracias.
-----Original Message-----
J. Hansen
Sent: Thursday, April 10, 2014 3:33 PM
I prefer an analogy of a mailbox.
Anyone can drop a letter in my mailbox.  You walk up to it, slip the letter
through the mail slot, and you're done.  However, only I have the key to my
mailbox: once you've dropped it in my mail slot, you can no longer read your
own message.  After all, you don't have the key to my mailbox.  And my
mailbox doesn't have to be secret: it's public knowledge where it is.
Anyone can drop a letter through the mail slot, and it doesn't affect the
secrecy of the messages.  Knowing how to leave a message for me doesn't help
you read messages that other people leave for me, but if I lose the keys to
my mailbox then I'm in a lot of trouble.
Most of the people I deal with have used mailboxes and mail slots before.
The analogy seems to work well with them.  YMMV, of course.  :)
Gnupg-users mailing list
Gnupg-users at gnupg.org

@_date: 2014-04-11 11:56:32
@_author: Kapil Aggarwal 
@_subject: It's 2014. Are we there yet? 
What if you used multiple email addresses between two parties and at random
picked one to communicate?
Sure there will be a copy on the ISPs servers, but it'll be encrypted as
such and the email addresses can be changed on a frequent/infrequent basis.
dan at geer.org
Sent: Thursday, April 10, 2014 7:54 PM
 > One possible answer:      * Where does Mailpile store my mail?
       With Mailpile, your e-mail is downloaded from the Internet
       (via an email server POP3 / IMAP), and stored locally on the
       computer where Mailpile is running.
     * Then how do I access it when my computer is turned off?
       You don't!
Exactly so.
Putting aside, for the moment, outright attacks, the individual or the
enterprise that outsources its e-mail to a third party thereby creates by
itself and for itself the risk of silent subpoenas delivered to their
outsourcer.  If, instead, the individual or the enterprise insources its
e-mail then at the very least it knows when its data assets are being sought
because the subpoena comes to them.  Maybe insourcing your e-mail is too
much work, but need I remind anyone that plaintext e-mail cannot be
web-bugged, so why would anyone ever render HTML e-mail at all?
Gnupg-users mailing list
Gnupg-users at gnupg.org
Gnupg-users mailing list
Gnupg-users at gnupg.org

@_date: 2014-04-11 14:30:47
@_author: Kapil Aggarwal 
@_subject: It's 2014. Are we there yet? 
I?ll have to disagree. I think there?s a growing sense of ?uhhh
maybe these
email providers are not such a good idea after all?.
And something else to note. Every iOS or Android or Windows 8/mobile device
(except ChromeOS based) includes a mail ?app/program? which includes POP and
IMAP functionality. And every single ?webmail? provider offers alternate
means (like POP/IMAP) to access their webmail. I seriously doubt dedicated email clients are going away anytime soon. The
protocols may change over time, but there will always be a need for a
dedicated program for email.
Sent: Friday, April 11, 2014 2:16 PM
In the '90 (I am old!) I was a moderated evangelist of the universal use of
PGP (and later GPG) and public key infrastructure (web of trust) in order to
achieve acceptable universal privacy and trust in email communication.
At the time I have a good comprehension of the principles involved. Although
I am  physics?s PhD, I have also been a computer buff since the '70 and
almost all my work involve and has always involved a lot of mathematics,
computers and all sort of information technologies.
At that time most of the people,  using email, did that through an email
client (that was usually also a news - remember usenet - client ) using  the
POP (POP3) and latter IMAP and IMAP4. protocols.
HOWEVER The idea NEVER took off, despite the internet users, at that time, were
quite well-informed about the technicalities of the technology they used.
I still maintain a neat pair of public-private keys, with an insanely
complex password, and keeping the private key itself inside a password
manager utility (keePass) together with more mundane passwords.
(Once in a while I use my public key to encode sensitive documents, that I
may or may not, send as email attachments).
FAST FORWARD
Nowadays most people use web-mail (gmail, yahoo, hotmail, outlook.com, etc),
not pop mail, and understand almost nothing of computer science (rare
web-mail providers let you use POP/IMAP, most times under conditions).
And in a very next future they will be using iOS, android, ChromeOS (all,
in any of the available versions) just to mention the more popular ones at
the moment, that not even use (E)SMTP, I think.
Facing those facts I concluded that the idea of private email for the masses
is not feasible in the near future.
Write a document->encrypt with public key->send as an email attachmente
(better as compressed RAR) is the only option I found useful yet. To sign
the document  can also be useful.
ANY COMMENT?
Is useless to refer magic software in test that will solve everything, but
is not going to materialize ever.

@_date: 2014-04-11 15:08:24
@_author: Kapil Aggarwal 
@_subject: It's 2014. Are we there yet? 
Sure. But I think that age group is not the intended target audience for
secure communications. The target audience that does want to (potentially) use secure
communications has a very large technological barrier to entry. Hence they
don't use it.
-----Original Message-----
J. Hansen
Sent: Friday, April 11, 2014 2:47 PM
In 2007-8 (the last time I taught undergrad Computer Literacy), over a third
of my students only used email for university business (like submitting
papers to me) and talking to their older relatives.  Among their own age
bracket, most communication was done through Facebook.
(Today it's more Instagram and Snapchat and the percentage is approaching
50%, according to my friends who are still teaching.)
But yes, email really is on the way out as a communications medium.  The
younger generation sees it as an antiquated technology.  I suspect in
another 20 years it'll be used about as much as Gopher is today.
Gnupg-users mailing list
Gnupg-users at gnupg.org
