
@_date: 2017-07-22 00:01:45
@_author: karel-v_g@tutanota.com 
@_subject: Test symmetrically encrypted files for errors - make sure they can 
Hello!I am using GnuPG 1.4.x to symmetrically encrypt files before I transfer them to "the cloud" for backup reasons.Is there any way to test these encrypted files for errors, i.e. to make sure they can be decrypted correctly without actually having to decrypt them again?Providing the passphrase again etc. is no problem, I only want to avoid to write the whole file to my disk a third time (unencrypted original, encrypted backup, decrypted test).If I can test the file somehow will I get back an errorlevel on success or error?In short I am searching for something like the test option for packed files that most archivers offer.Thanks Karel

@_date: 2018-03-19 18:57:02
@_author: karel-v_g@tutanota.com 
@_subject: OpenPGP-Card v3.3 - ECC Curve25519 supported? 
I have seen that the latest revision of OpenPGP-cards (3.3) supports ECC-keys and is available for sale.
Does this also include curve25519 or "only" Brainpool and NIST?
Thanks for enlightment!

@_date: 2019-07-01 18:32:56
@_author: karel-v_g@tutanota.com 
@_subject: Some thoughts on the future of OpenPGP and GnuPG 
Just right now I have read about a security vulnerability in the PGP keyservers, that can likely not be fixed according to Heise Online.
That makes me writing about something I have been thinking of for quiet some time now:
I am working in an environment that deals with highly sensitive personal data and my first PGP-key dates back to as far as the mid 1990s. Meanwhile I have changed it a few times, going from PGP 2.3 to the DH/DSS-Keys propagated by PGP 5 and then back to RSA-Keys with GnuPG.
When looking at my In- and Outbox over the whole time I can safely say that I received and send only about 25 (!) mails in all the years and that many of my contacts simply have no PGP or don't use it any longer. It is easier and more reliable to send sensitive data by fax or mail for them.
Many attempts to make mail encryption easier have failed and the standards we have for it are aging. S/MIME was never repaired after the so called efail-attack and OpenPGP relies on a SHA1-based modification detection code to protect from it as far as I know. Many other aspects are also far from moderns standards.
Beyond this the complicated (and now dysfunctional as stated above) keydistribution caused many people to either send mails unencrypted, use regular mail or fax or use encrypting messengers nowadays.
The renewal of the OpenPGP-standard has stopped or stalled last year and the additions to GnuPG were also rather small in the past years (aside from ECC).
So my question as a user with a need for strong mail encryption is, whether it is not a time to start over with an all new encryption standard replacing OpenPGP and S/MIME completely. Something like the much praised Wireguard is doing right now in the VPN-world.
Implementing just one (or two if needed) standardized modern method for each of the following basic components: s2k-function, hash algorithm, authenticating symmetric crypto-algorithm, one ECC-based and one conventional asymmetric crypto-algorithm. And somethin to ease the key distribution. OPENPGPKEY and WKD might be suitable for that.
Thats it. No backwards compatibility. All new lean and easy. In my experience there are so few people actually using OpenPGP and these are crypto experienced so they should eysily adopt the modern proposal. If really needed the old standards could be supported for some time in a seperate "classic" component, but without the ability to create new keys.
To propagate the distribution of this hypothetical new format it might be useful to get some of the major mailproviders, business software companies and mail software vendors might be useful, another problem of OpenPGP was and is that aditional software components are needed.
Once again: I know that won't be easy or perhaps it can't be done at all. I really appreciate the work and commitment of Werner and all the others here and I am donatig each year to support them. But their work is simply not working in the real world. Sorry to say so, but that's my eperience and view? as a user -or let's better say wannabe user as there is no one to write encrypted mails to... ;)
Thanks for reading and discussing!

@_date: 2019-11-04 08:58:19
@_author: karel-v_g@tutanota.com 
@_subject: BSI withdraws approval of GnuPG (revisited after 3 month) 
In May 2019 the German Federal Office for Information security (Bundesamt f?r Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik, BSI [1]) approved GnuPG for securing data of the lowest security classification (VS Nur f?r den Dienstgebrauch, comparable to NATO Restricted). [2]
This approval was withdrawn for an unknown reason somewhen before July 21st 2019. Heise-Online reported this on August 6th 2019. According to them the BSI said it hopes to reissue the approval soon, but further inquiries remained unanswered. [3]
In a message to this list on August 8th Werner Koch said he is permanent contact with BSI and the reason for the withdrawal is in the OpenPGP part of GnuPG. Once again no further details were provided. [4]
Since then there is silence on the topic for the past three month.
As 90 days is the period we all know from Googles notorious Project Zero I would like to come back on the problem now.
Are there any news?
Should we consider our data protected by GnuPG insecure as german authorities obviously do?
Can or must we take any steps to eliminate or at least mitigate the problem in the current modern (2.2.17) and classic 1.4.23) versions of GnuPG (e.g. avoid compatibility options like ?openpgp)?
Is it a problem only with GnuPG or with OpenPGP in general? Are other implementations affected as well?
When can we expect further information?
[1] [2] heise.de/~4416766
[3] heise.de/~4489547 (06.08)
[4]?lists.gnupg.org/pipermail/gnupg-users/2019-August/062520.html (09.08.)

@_date: 2020-05-26 12:27:44
@_author: karel-v_g@tutanota.com 
@_subject: Certified OpenPGP-encryption after release of Thunderbird 78 
I am required to use certified encryption for mails by my supervising authorities and good practise.
Because of this I have been using a combination of Thunderbird, Enigmail and Gpg4Win, as the latter one is certified by German BSI.
With the approaching release of Thunderbird 78 Gpg4Win and Enigmail won't be available any longer and the new OpenPGP-implementation of Thunderbird won't be certified to the best of my knowledge.
I am aware this might be slightly OT for this list, but are there any suggestions what can be done to keep up a certified encrypted mail communication?
I am afraid Outlook which should work easily with Gpg4Win is not an option.
Thanks for suggestions and help!

@_date: 2020-05-27 12:48:09
@_author: karel-v_g@tutanota.com 
@_subject: Certified OpenPGP-encryption after release of Thunderbird 78 
Indeed, the only certified component of my mix is GPG4Win, while Enigmail and Thunderbird aren't. But I had checked that before I implemented that combination: the authorities said that only the part of the software that handles the encryption process needs to be certified while the used mail-client and plugins only need to meet general security requirements (TLS-Connections, latest patch-level, ...).
Aside from advising to use BSI-certified products the authorities are not of any help unfortunately...
So, to be a bit more precise: is there any mailclient working directly with GPG4win or other certified OpenPGP-solution aside from Outlook or copy and paste with Thunderbird 78ff?

@_date: 2020-05-28 16:10:31
@_author: karel-v_g@tutanota.com 
@_subject: Certified OpenPGP-encryption after release of Thunderbird 78 
The German translation should be "Aufsichtsbeh?rde" (or even better "Rechtsf?hige Anstalt des ?ffentlichen Rechts"). In fact I don't know the exact translation and didn't find any appropriate in Google-Translate or deepl. So "supervising authorities" was my best guess without being a native speaker...
Does this change the meaning or anything else?
27. Mai 2020, 23:41 von sac at 300baud.de:

@_date: 2020-05-29 14:43:28
@_author: karel-v_g@tutanota.com 
@_subject: Certified OpenPGP-encryption after release of Thunderbird 78 
No, I don't work for an Aufsichtsbeh?rde and (fortunately) I don't have to deal with them directly most time. But the Aufsichtsbeh?rde defines how my work has to be done and they have the right to inspect it. And one of the things they require is use recommended (e.g. BSI) software for mailencryption. Of course there is no way knowing for them whether I comply or not without intercepting my mail or visiting my office.
But as always it might cause problems when not complying.
So I think I will continue use Thunderbird as MTA and use GPG4Win with copy and paste for the encryption part.
But it's a pity that Thunderbird developed its own solution because of licensing issues while we have a proven working solution with GnuPG...
But why should I take the discussion personal?? :-)
28. Mai 2020, 23:21 von sac at 300baud.de:
