
@_date: 2003-01-16 11:49:25
@_author: Jaye Inabnit ke6sls 
@_subject: comment, propagation, and key servers 
Hash: SHA1
I have a few questions that I have so far been unable to find solutions to regarding Gnupg (gpg).  I decided to send a message here in hopes that I might find someone with enough experience with Gnupg to help me.
I have had several people ask me where to find my public key.  It seems that the default key server didn't propagate well enough so that other key servers knew my public key.  The key server I used was   Today, I uploaded (I think) to 5 other key servers to hopefully make my public key more easily found.
One user said that I could edit my comment section to include the public key server.  Sounded like a terrific idea, but how do I do this?  My current comment looks like this:
 PGP SIGNATURE-----]
 GnuPG v1.0.6 (GNU/Linux)]
 For info see Currently, I have Gpa (front end) and I don't see an option for editing comments.  The man page lists some options, however, I don't know how I would cause Gnupg to add this line *by default*.
Finally, as I went through the faq and various documentation for Gnupg, I didn't find a list of key servers.  Wouldn't it be a good idea to have several listed in these documents so users could upload (export?) their keys to more than one to help in key propagation?
Thank you for your time, help, and comments.  I'll check the list archive in a week or two for replies, else kindly CC me directly.
Best regards

@_date: 2003-01-17 10:36:48
@_author: Jaye Inabnit ke6sls 
@_subject: comment, propagation, and key servers 
Hash: SHA1
Agreed.  I originally installed and configured Gnupg about 1 year ago.  This is why I wondered about how these key servers exchange data and with what other key servers.  This worked very well as you can see.  I do have the options file (running Debian stable here) and editing/adding my comment entry worked without a problem--thank you.  :)
The propagation issue is still bothers me.  Why didn't  pass along my key to other key servers?  This is beyond my expereince, yet I think those that are active in coding Gnupg might want to address the situation.
I do not know if it is customary to upload to more than a single key server, but I received two messages indicating that others had expereinced the same problem as I had (lack of key propagation).
Thank you all for responding so rapidly!
wishing you my best.
