
@_date: 2013-08-06 18:38:45
@_author: Kenneth Jones 
@_subject: Identifying your private key by the public KeyID 
Good day, and hello to the autoresponder (%] (just my opinion, mind you).
I've been toying with PGP GPG GnuPG and whatever on and off since mid 1995, but recently have become interested again as the political situation in the US seems to warrant it. (Warrant? We don't need no stinking warrants...) anyway...
I have a question about procedure...nomenclature, actually.  Is it normal to refer to the private key by its own keyID, or by the KeyID of the mating public key? The public fingerprint is the one known by others (natch) and it's the identification I associate with the key pair. Is there any time when it is appropriate to refer to my private key by its own KeyID? I understand that each of the two eight-character sequences is unique, and so the private key is in fact not accurately identified by using the public key's ID, but is it common to do so? Seems to me it would be less confusing (for me, any way) to be prompted with the Main KeyID than with that of the private key.

@_date: 2013-08-06 21:22:43
@_author: Kenneth Jones 
@_subject: Identifying your private key by the public KeyID 
I'm referring to the information you see for example in the prompt to
enter your private key when you have received an encrypted message in
Thunderbird/Enigmail. The window "pinetry" prompts "Please enter the
pass...2048-bit RSA key, ID DEADBEEF, created ... (main key ID
ABCD0123)." Notice there are two key ID mentioned in the window, one
called Main, which is also the public Key ID, (the one I expected, the
one I remember) and the other for the secret key (which I have Never
Paid any attention to).
Frankly, I had never even noticed that before I ran into a little app
for the iPad called iPGMail that actually ONLY prompts me for my secret
key by asking for it by the secret key ID. Now, you gotta grant that
there is nothing incorrect or inaccurate about asking for the desired
key by its actual identification. But it sure isn't normal in my
experience to do it that way. It caused me no end of troublesome
investigation until I tumbled to what was actually being asked for was
technically the Correct ID, but it certainly wasn't the Commonly Used
Method, in my experience.
See what I mean?

@_date: 2013-08-07 08:13:52
@_author: Kenneth Jones 
@_subject: Identifying your private key by the public KeyID 
Thank you, David, for your reply. And thanks to all others who also
helped, and those who patiently waited for me while the light dawned.
It's apparent that I have a lot of catching up, I'll go do some reading.
I'm fascinated, for example that a key pair has more than two parts. I
have many questions, but I've taken enough of your time. FWIW, Steve
Gibson, the SpinRite guy if you know of it, is beginning a series on
mail privacy on his internet TV program at TWiT dot TV. Might be good to
have you guys 'audit the course' so to speak,  in case he goes far afield.
Thanks again for your help.

@_date: 2013-11-25 21:48:40
@_author: Kenneth Jones 
@_subject: Changing the subject WAS Re: Setting encryption algorithm for specific 
Sorry Bill,
Esoteric mail reader or not, changing the subject while maintaining the
subject line is bad form, and has been forever.
Maybe you're new. ;-)

@_date: 2013-09-03 10:27:36
@_author: Kenneth Jones 
@_subject: Can I revitalise an old key-pair? 
That was one of the troubles with us humans and PGP. We'd be all excited about creating a new key pair and testing it and stuff, but the admonition to choose a good passphrase was too well delivered, at least for me. Reminds me of that sign above the desk "My work is so secret, even I don't know what I'm doing." And since the only way to convince a key server that you were you was to possess the secret key (and it's passphrase), having forgotten the key to the key, so to speak, there are several (?!?) keys on the various keyservers that no longer can be used...or revoked. Which is why I have keys going back to the nineties, just gathering dust. I think PGP dot com has (had?) a verification arrangement, whereby if you didn't confirm that the key was your and you still wanted to list it, they would remove it from the server...housecleaning.

@_date: 2013-09-09 21:27:13
@_author: Kenneth Jones 
@_subject: Some doubts about signature procedure 
Hi Francesco,
Let me review something about signing and what happens when you do it.
Signing a signed email with PGP (or GPG, GnuPG or whatever) means that
the message text is inspected by the PGP program and a small additional
data file is produced that has a specific relationship to the message.
Both your message and this extra file are sent to the other guy.
The inspection and manipulation is called hashing. A hash (that's what
what the small data file is called) is related to the original message
in such a way that if even one small part of the original message is
changed, the hash will almost always be completely different than it was
originally. So the first thing that happens is that your message text is
hashed and the hash is produced. Now, at the other end of the line, your
recipient's PGP program will also hash your message and will compare the
hash you sent with the hash it just produced. If the two hashes are
identical, it's a proof that the message hasn't changed (or been
changed) since it was hashed. Identical hash results mean identical
messages. But...
But anybody can hash a message. Even the bad guy in the middle, between
you and your recipient. You send a letter and its hash, bad guy
intercepts it, changes the message, rehashes it, sends it along to your
recipient. Your recipient hashes and compares, finds the two hashes
match and thinks it's okay. But he's comparing his to the bad guy's, not
comparing your hash to his...and he doesn't know any better...so this
can't be secure from what's called a man-in-the-middle attack. How to fix?
Your PGP program not only makes the hash, but it encrypts your hash with
your private key before sending it along with your message. Note that
the message is not encrypted, it's still clear text. Only the hash is
encrypted. The recipient will use PGP and your public key to decrypt the
hash before comparing it to the hash it just made. Now then if the two
hashes match we know two things: one, the message is exactly as it was
written by the user of the private key, and the user of the private key
is the one who wrote it. If you have maintained possession of your
private key, no one else could have produced the message this way. So,
keeping your private key in a safe place and protecting it with a good
passphrase is important.
That's how we can tell that what we receive is precisely what you (and
only you) have sent.
I hope that helps, but sometimes I make things more complex than they
really need to be for good understanding. Please write again with your
Ken Jones

@_date: 2013-09-23 07:08:01
@_author: Kenneth Jones 
@_subject: CryptoList - Looking for beta testers 
Hmmm... Last two messages from Daniel prompt my Thunderbird/Enigmail
setup that an OpenPGP secret key is needed to decrypt the message (which
nonetheless shows up in cleartext). What's happening? Is it signed with
a public key? Can you do that? Why would one wnt to?

@_date: 2013-09-23 10:57:18
@_author: Kenneth Jones 
@_subject: CryptoList - Looking for beta testers 
Hash: SHA1
...and when I go back to review them after having read several
intervening messages, they (and all others, it seems) behave just as I
expected them to behave originally.
Fascinating. I'm going back to bed.
