
@_date: 2005-04-07 08:28:36
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Version 0.3 of GPGee Available 
Version 0.3 of GPGee (GNU Privacy Guard Explorer Extension) is now
available for download.  Changes include:
- Major bug causing dialogs displayed more than once to display
uninitialized (whoops).
- Configuration dialog added with options to set custom locations for
gpg's executable, options file, and keyrings.
- Context-sensitive help added.
- Misc other minor bugs squashed.
Source and installer binary can be downloaded from:
For those that haven't heard of it, GPGee is a Windows explorer shell
extension DLL that adds gpg signing and encrytion functionality to the
explorer right-click context menu.  See the announcements on my home
page ( for more info.
p.s. btw... I suppose I should ask if these type of announcements are
kosher for this mailing list?

@_date: 2005-04-28 07:06:26
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: GPGee v0.4 - GNU Privacy Guard Explorer Extension 
Version 0.4 of GPGee (GNU Privacy Guard Explorer Extension) is now
available for download.  Changes include:
- Verify/decrypt support
- Configurable encrypt-to-self
- Updates to help
- Misc bug fixes
Information, support, and source & binary (installer) downloads at:
For those that haven't heard of it, GPGee is a Windows explorer shell
extension DLL that adds GnuPG functionality to the explorer right-click
context menu.

@_date: 2005-08-14 03:41:15
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Forum mirror of mailing list 
As part of my GPGee project, I decided to create a mirror of this
mailing list in the form of a forum on my web site.  The hope was to
give GPGee users an easy way to search for answers to problems with GnuPG.
Seeing as Werner was kind enough to allow this, and that I was able to
import the entire mailing list archive (I didn't think originally that
would be feasable), I thought I'd let the mailing list community as a
whole know about this forum.  It has the standard phpBB search
capabilities, which are pretty good.  You can reach it directly at:
This mirror is intended as a suplimentary resource to the mailing list -
a way of more easily doing research or digging for answers that might be
burried and otherwise hard to dig up.

@_date: 2005-12-13 01:34:28
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: [Announce] GnuPG Explorer Extension (GPGee) version 1.2.2 released! 
Skipped content of type multipart/signed-------------- next part --------------
Gnupg-announce mailing list

@_date: 2005-12-13 10:08:56
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: [Announce] GPGee 1.2.2 has a bug - 1.2.3 corrects this. 
Skipped content of type multipart/signed-------------- next part --------------
Gnupg-announce mailing list

@_date: 2005-12-31 00:58:43
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Smart card signing failure 
Hi all,
I'm having a tough time trying to get a smart card to work.  I followed
the card-howto to the letter to initialize the card and generate the
keys.  This works, and gpg --card-status seems to work just fine.  When
I try to sign a file, though, I get:
 > gpg -u card --detach-sign test.txt
   gpg: detected reader `OMNIKEY CardMan 2020 0'
   gpg: signing failed: invalid argument
   gpg: signing failed: invalid argument
I have also tried --disable-ccid, as this is a pc/sc card reader, but
that has no effect.
Any hints as to what I am doing wrong?

@_date: 2005-12-31 11:57:19
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Smart card signing failure 
I have solved my own problem.  If the gpg.conf has a setting for
personal-digest-preferences, and if an algo that is supported by a
smartcard is not first in the list, then GnuPG will fail with any
signing operation made with a smartcard.
For example, my gpg.conf setting was:
  personal-digest-preferences SHA256 SHA384 SHA512
This was causing gnupg to fail with all signing operations.  I don't
know whether or not this is a bug, or just an error message that is too

@_date: 2005-07-18 19:42:57
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: [Announce] GPGee (GnuPG Explorer Extension) version 1.1.1 released 
Hello all,
I have released version 1.1.1 of GPGee.  This is a minor update to 1.1
to answer a couple user requests.  Changes are:
- Configuration entry added to set the way encryption Key IDs are
displayed for subkeys.  Encryption subkeys used to be displayed showing
their subkey key ID.  Now the default is to display the key ID of the
parent key.  This brings GPGee in line with most other GnuPG front ends.
 A configuration entry has been added so that (the very few) people who
prefer the old behavior can still have it.
- The length of time it takes for the sign/encrypt window to appear has
been further reduced for people with very large keyrings.
GPGee 1.1.1 installer and source are available from
For those that aren't familliar with GPGee, it is a GnuPG Explorer
Extension for Windows.  It adds GnuPG sign/encrypt/verify/decrypt
support to the Windows explorer right-click context menu.  See the web
site above for a fuller list of features.
[reposted by moderator]
Gnupg-announce mailing list

@_date: 2005-07-30 14:08:50
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: [Announce] GPGee version 1.1.2 - Important Security Update 
Skipped content of type multipart/signed-------------- next part --------------
Gnupg-announce mailing list

@_date: 2005-03-16 02:31:23
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: [Announce] GnuPG 1.4.1 released 
Does this release correct the bug when using
--delete-secret-and-public-keys in expert mode where only the public key
is deleted?

@_date: 2005-03-17 07:33:11
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Source for winptee, winfpse, or gpgsx 
I apoligize that this is slightly off topic for this mailing list, but I
 am at my wit's end.
I am looking for the source code - any source code old or new - for
winptee, winfpse, or gpgsx.  Those are all Windows shell extension
projects that add context menu support for GnuPG in windows.  I've
looked all over.  I can find binaries in various locations, but no
source anywhere.
If anyone has or knows of where I can download said source, I would
really appreciate the information.
Thanks in advance,

@_date: 2005-03-21 23:15:03
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: GPGee - GPG Explorer Extension (context menu) front end 
I've written a new Windows explorer extension front end for gpg.  I know
that Timo has winfpse, and somewhere out there is gpgsx.  But as I've
never been able to find gpgsx nor get winfpse to work, I figured I'd
take a stab at it.  I've always wanted an excuse to write an Explorer
extension anyways. :) Oh, and it's released under the GPL of course.
The program is called "GPGee" (GPG Explorer Extension).  Say that ginal
"Gee" just like you'd say "Golly Gee Wiz". :)
Right now it signs, encrypts (public and symmetric), or both.  No verify
yet.  This was more a proof-of-concept version than anything final, but
it does have a couple useful features:
- Installer - no registering or manual installation needed.
- Will sign and/or encrypt multiple files at once.  Just select multiple
files in Explorer, and right-click on them all.
- A single unified window that has all the settings for all operations.
 Picking "Sign" from the menu sets the defaults, but you're not limited
to signing, you can still change to encryption.  Ever pick the wrong
setting from a right-click context menu?  Well, now you can just roll
with it.
Source and installer are available from:
Thanks goes to the GPGME team and Timo Shulz for his "MyGPGME" version,
which is what I used for the back-end communication to GPG.  In case
anyone ever has wanted to use Borland's C++ Builder to write GPG front
ends/plugins/etc, I ported Timo's MyGPGME to compile on C++ Builder.
The source for GPGee has that with it.

@_date: 2005-05-11 14:36:35
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: GnuPG Explorer Extension - GPGee version 1.0 released 
In the belief that GPGee is now ready for production use, I've just
released version 1.0.  For those who aren't familliar with it, GPGee is
a Windows explorer shell extension.  It adds support for GnuPG to the
right-click context menu in Windows explorer.
You can download it from the GPGee home page at: GPGee's features include:
  - Sign, sign+encrypt, or encrypt multiple files at once.
  - Verify/decrypt multiple files at once - GPGee automatically
    detects the GnuPG file type and performs the correct operaation.
  - Can configure the location of the gpg.conf, public and secret
    keyrings files.  Use GPGee with keys stored on usb flash drives.
* - Quick-select encryption key groups.  Encrypt to multiple
    recipients quickly and easily.
* - Visual indication of the trust level of signatures
* - Compares expiry date of keys against the date signatures were
    produced.
  - Context-sensitive help
  - It's free software, just like GnuPG.  Inspect the code for yourself.
* = New feature for 1.0

@_date: 2005-05-12 02:47:57
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Newbie question : GPgee and GPGshell etc.. 
First of all, let's get some definitions down because it can become
confusing.  WinPT is both an application and a group of tools.  The
application, Windows Privacy Tray, sits in the Windows task tray and
gives you a GnuPG interface from there.  The group of tools is the tray
application bundled along with GnuPG itself.  This distinction will
become important later... for now, though, when I say "WinPT" I mean the
tray application, not the group of tools.
Now, to answer your question:  GPG Shell is an ok program but not really
designed for the GnuPG beginner.  What is does when you tell it to do
something is start the GngPG command for you and then dump you into a
command prompt with that GnuPG command running so you can finish it
(answer any questions GnuPG has for you).  So, if you want to edit a
key, it doesn't have a GUI mechanism to do so - it drops you into the
GnuPG edit key command and you have to type all the key editing commands
in. For a new person, WinPT will be easier to use.  It doesn't expose
quite as much of the inner workings of GnuPG - there are some things you
can't do with it, but what it does do is completely through a GUI.
Now, as far as GPGee goes, it isn't intended as a "competitor" to WinPT,
but more as a complement. WinPT is a tray application that gives you a
key manager and lets you perform GPG operations on the clipboard and the
current window.  GPGee isn't intended to do all that.  It is only a
Windows explorer shell extension.  It adds GnuPG commands to the windows
explorer right-click context menu.  So, if you want to simple sign,
encrypt, or verify one or more files, GPGee makes that very easy.  There
is no key management in it at all, so that would be something you would
do through WinPT.
The reason I made the distinction between the WinPT tray application and
the WinPT group of tools, is that GPGee is going to become one of the
tools included in WinPT.  Timo Schulz had a different shell extension
(WinFPSE) that was included in the WinPT bundle, but he wants to focus
more on the tray application, and I will focus on the explorer extension.
Hopefully once GPGee is in the bundle things will become less confusing
for the new people just looking for a good front end.

@_date: 2005-05-18 01:36:12
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: GPGee 1.1 released 
I suppose it was inevitable.  I announce to the world that GPGee is
ready for production use and a nice big fat bug shows up.  A little
humility is good for the soul.
GPGee version 1.1 has now been released with the following changes:
- Duplicate key bug fixed.  No more keys showing up twice in your key lists.
- Added setting for caching keys.  Some people (with many hundreds of
keys on their keyrings) were reporting it would take 15 seconds or more
for GPGee to activate.  Key caching eliminated the need for GPGee to
read your keyrings every time it activates.
- A progress-bar has been added for the times when GPGee has to
(re)create the key cache.
- Clearsigned messages can now be verified.
- Message digest algorithm is now reported when a signature is verified.
As always, GPGee is available from For those who aren't familliar with it, GPGee is a Windows explorer
shell extension.  It adds support for GnuPG to the right-click context
menu in Windows explorer.

@_date: 2005-11-30 18:57:06
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: PK-Encrypt-only 
I am contemplating a change to my GnuPG Explorer Extension, but I need
some background information.
I know that encrypting a file without signing it is commonly done with
symmetrical encryption.  My question is, do people commonly use GnuPG to
encrypt a file without signing it using PK-encryption?
Personally, I don't think this would be very common at all.  I mean, I
can come up with conceptual reasons why someone might want to encrypt a
file to someone else's key without signing the file, but in practice I
would think it would be very rare.
I would appreciate knowing if this is something that is commonly done,
or if it is very rare.

@_date: 2005-09-05 01:21:29
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Multiple signing - is this a common desire? (was Re: Signing 
When I started with GPGee I debated the idea of handling
multiple-signatures.  I decided not to deal with the added complexity
because I didn't think it was a much called-for feature.
If this is something that people would want to do more often in the real
world, I'll happily add this feature.
I can even drop in something like "Set target file read-only after
operation" - well, if I can figure out a shorter description to use for it.
Anyway, is multiple-key signing more common than I gave it credit for?

@_date: 2005-09-06 11:38:38
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: PGP global directory cruft in keyservers 
This isn't GnuPG-related really, but recently downloaded my own public
key from a keyserver and found on it about a billion of those silly PGP
global directory signatures on it.  Either someone has been downloading
my key from PGP a whole bunch and then submitting it to keyservers, or
the mainstream keyservers are syncing with PGP's global directory.
I'm wondering if this is a widespread problem.  Have other people
noticed this with their keys?
I am now very sorry I went throught that email process with PGP.  I'm
actually hoping this is a widespread problem so that keyserver operators
will start deleting those stupid signatures.  If not, I am stuck with my
key having a billion useless signatures on it.
I'm so glad there is GnuPG with no corporate agenda!!!  Thanks Werner et al.

@_date: 2005-09-06 16:13:15
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: GnuPG Explorer Extension (GPGee) version 1.2.0 released 
Version 1.2.0 of GPGee has been released - head to the homepage at
 to download it.
New features include:
- Support for creating signatures with more than one key at once.
- Support for verifying multi-signed documents.
- Automated new version checking (this was actually added in 1.1.3 but
  that version was unannounced)
- Can automatically change the status of source files to read-only after
  they are signed.  Useful for cases where a certain type of file's
  reader (MS Excel with spreadsheets is one) changes the file when it is
  opened even if it isn't edited.  Since this would invalidate a
  signature, you can now have GPGee set the file read-only.
In addition to that, there are a few bug fixes incorporated for good
To my knowledge, GPGee is the only GUI for GnuPG that supports multi-key
 signing.  I actually got a first. :)
For those that aren't familliar with GPGee, it is a Windows shell
extension that adds GnuPG support to explorer's right-click menu.  You
can sign, sign+encrypt, encrypt, verify, and decrypt files right from
within the Windows explorer.
p.s. A very grateful thank-you goes to Werner Koch.  In addition to a
very nice compliment about GPGee's source code, he has offered hosting
for GPGee at gnupg.org.  Recently I began to experience a lot of
downloads of GPGee (up to 500/week - which is a whole lot for me) and it
was threatening to overwhelm my modest self hosting ability.
Actually, now that I think about it, it was partially his fault to begin
with.  He added a link to GPGee on the GnuPG web site's list of
frontends, and it was then that was when I started to see all the downloads.
I should mention, before people think I'm actually blaming him, that I
requested the link... Werner was simply gracious enough to say yes and
put it there.
Thanks for both the link and the hosting. :)

@_date: 2005-09-06 17:30:45
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: [Announce] GnuPG Explorer Extension (GPGee) version 1.2.0 released 
Version 1.2.0 of GPGee has been released - head to the homepage at
 to download it.
New features include:
- Support for creating signatures with more than one key at once.
- Support for verifying multi-signed documents.
- Automated new version checking (this was actually added in 1.1.3 but
  that version was unannounced)
- Can automatically change the status of source files to read-only after
  they are signed.  Useful for cases where a certain type of file's
  reader (MS Excel with spreadsheets is one) changes the file when it is
  opened even if it isn't edited.  Since this would invalidate a
  signature, you can now have GPGee set the file read-only.
In addition to that, there are a few bug fixes incorporated for good
For those that aren't familliar with GPGee, it is a Windows shell
extension that adds GnuPG support to explorer's right-click menu.  You
can sign, sign+encrypt, encrypt, verify, and decrypt files right from
within the Windows explorer.
Gnupg-announce mailing list

@_date: 2005-09-08 04:21:51
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: PGP global directory cruft in keyservers 
The problem isn't widespread in that other keyservers are doing this
sort of thing.  A simple explicit deletion of all PGP directory keys
would suffice.  Plus, it would send a message to PGP about their
behavior in bloating the key infrastructure when there are lots of more
technically elegant solutions to what they were doing.

@_date: 2005-09-09 14:06:39
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: [Announce] GnuPG Explorer Extension (GPGee) Version 1.2.1 Released 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Version 1.2.1 of GPGee has now been released and is available at
This is mainly a bugfix release to correct a couple of functional bugs
that appeared shortly after 1.2.0 was released.  Bugs fixes include:
- - Performing sign+encrypt no longer results in GPGee causing Explorer to
  hang.
- - Change in the URL used for the automatic version check (the previous
  URL pointed at an ISP that cached its web pages, causing repeated
  notices to "upgrade" to an earlier version).
- - Version now only occurs once per day as it was intended.
Additionally, the version checking now compares build numbers rather
than performing a simple string equality check.  There should never
again, regardless of ISP problems, be a notice to upgrade to an earlier
There is one added feature for 1.2.1, designed to work with the
multi-key signatures added in 1.2.0.  It is now possible to append new
signatures to an existing detached signature.  In this way you can have
one person sign a document, give the document and signature to another
person at another maching and that person can add another signature.
For those that aren't familliar with GPGee, it is a Windows shell
extension that adds GnuPG support to explorer's right-click menu.  You
can sign, sign+encrypt, encrypt, verify, and decrypt files right from
within the Windows explorer.
Gnupg-announce mailing list

@_date: 2005-09-09 22:01:33
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: This IS about GD - a proposal on dealing with the problem 
Ok, that other thread isn't about the GD, but this one is.  I think this
is something that should be discussed and a consensus reached.
Are they a good/bad signer?
Does something need to be done about them?
Should they be approached by the community?
PGP's position (and the argument I've heard from others) is that they
have a lone keyserver, not attached to anything else, if the keys and
junk signatures leak - SEF/SEP (Somebody Else's Fault, Somebody Else's
Problem).  My response is, if a company produced a pool of toxic waste
and left it on private, but open and unprotected property, is that
company liable for that toxic waste getting out?
The community is getting toxic waste from their inelegant solution.  A
solution that, I suggest, can only be in place to promote dependance on
their server and force people to keep coming back to them (is this
ringing any familiarity bells yet).  Assuming a goal without advertising
as a central theme (ie: the technical goal of producing a signature
indicating a certail level of trust - where that trust can be
periodically reviewed and the signature removed if the trust is
breached), any one of us could come up with a half dozen technically
elegant solutions that don't pollute.
Their server and their signatures, but we are paying the price with
time, agravation, and quite possibly increased costs to keyserver
operators if something isn't done.
My proposal is that a letter be sent to PGP requesting (I'd put
demanding, but that's simply my personal outrage speaking) they kindly
stop leaving toxic waste....er junk signatures... out where any naive
user can (and obviously does) spread them around.  Perhaps it could be
suggested that they take part in the cleanup effort by supplying time
and money to operators to fix the problem.  I propose this letter be
signed by as many of the OpenPGP and related support software
developers, key server operators, and even end users as will support it.
Signature cleaning and/or filtering is not the answer, just as spam
filtering is not the ultimate answer.  The cost to the IT industry of
spam filtering is enormous.  Let's deal with the problem at the source.

@_date: 2005-09-10 04:02:04
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: This IS about GD - a proposal on dealing with the problem 
CNN's articles are distributable with a URL.  A public key needs to be
CNN doesn't attach extra data to an article that is in a form that the
distribution channels are reluctant to filter out for other reasons,
causing them to grow ad infinitum within the distribution system.
If there was a distribution network set up where anyone could submit
news articles where, once submitted to one, the articles would then be
automatically shared amongst other servers and then archived forever; if
that distribution system had the mechanism for, say, appending an update
to the article that would then be spread around and if CNN appended an
update to their articles every two weeks that said "Nothing has changed,
this article is still as it is intended to be - oh, and by the way, even
though we are appending this update every two weeks, we won't reevaluate
doing so for another six months".... if this were the case, then yes, I
would say CNN is then at fault.
The keyservers are the individuals being poisoned.  It's a heavy metal
poison.  In general, heavy metal poisons are dangerous because they
accumulate in the tissues of the affected individual and aren't
naturally cleaned and purged.  Also, like the poisoning of many heavy
metals, this onem, if left to accumulate, will cause brain dysfunction
in the infected individuals.
Junk signatures because the form they are being distributed in is
meaningless.  Signatures that expire in two weeks in a system which is
evaluated every six months are useful for exactly what, mway I ask?
They have semantic meaning the same way a child's "are we there yet"
questions every five minutes for the last hour of car ride have semantic
meaning.  Yes, there is meaning conveyed, yes the meaning can be parsed,
but the same question (is this key valid/are we there yet) could have
been asked once in the time period and have been just as valid.
How about we guess there is an order of magnitude more keys and that the
database is several gigabytes.  Let's guess that in 2002 there were,
say, 1.6 million keys with 3.8 million signatures in general
circulation, and the database size was 1.6 gigabytes.  Let's guess that
the key count was up about 150,000 keys from the previous year.  Given
those guesses, what sort of impact might GD have?  What sort of impact
might they have in ten years?
How about we also guess that not all servers are modern Athlon64X2
machines with more hard drive space than has a right to exist.  Let's
say that some of them are old, otherwise castaway machines used because
they make good little servers.  Old pentiums with ten or so gigs storage
- machines that, essentially, can handle the load now but might not be
able to with GD's junk data.  Replacing those machines is a cost to the
providers.  Losing those machines is a cost to the community.
Opine allowed :) - please see above though.
This is end-user spam filtering.  By the same argument, because my
server's spam filter is 99.99% effective and I am essentially personally
unaffected by spam on a daily basis, that spam is not a problem.
I am upset because PGP being who they are had to know that:
- The keys would get out
- There was no mechanism for removing anything from any key once it
enters general keyserver distribution
I am upset because there is no truly useful purpose behind a two-week
shelf-life signature in a system where key validity is assessed every
six months.
I am upset because there can be no logical reason for what they are
doing except to create a dependance on their services and right now it
is at the expense of free service providers.
I don't accept that it is obvious that PGP (the company) isn't doing it.
 I only accept that it is obvious that they say they aren't coing it.  I
have seen no technical data that supports or contradicts the question of
whether or not they are responsible.  If this exists, please point me to
it - I'll even try to evaluate it objectively. :)
Oh, if enough people signed the request, I'm sure it could get
slashdotted - /. may not be very elegant in and of itself, but a harsh
article there would affect PGP's bottom line a little bit.  Maybe just a
very little bit, but it would most likely be enough to put an end to the

@_date: 2006-01-01 20:58:01
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Smartcard questions 
I am still getting used to working with the OpenPGP smartcards, and I
have a few questions:
1) Is it possible to erase one?  For example, if a set of three keys has
been generated on the card, and if later that card is going to be used
for one or two subkeys, can the unused keys on the card be erased?  It
would be nice to return the card to an unused state for reuse.
2) Is it possible to export only the smartcard private key stubs from a
normal RSA key pair that has smartcard subkeys?  In other words, once I
have made smartcard subkeys of a regular RSA key, and once they are on
the card, how can I use the card on another PC without transporting the
full master secret key?
3) Is it possible to set the private DO 1 and DO 2 fields to anything?
4) Is the card serial number stored in the keyring?  Can GnuPG be
configured to ask for the correct card when there is no card inserted,
rather than just when the wrong card is inserted?
5) Related to 4, is it possible to use GnuPG to query for the serial
number of the card associated with a key?  I would like to make GPGee
able to ask for a card when one is needed, but don't know how to find
out which card to prompt for.
Any information would be muchly appreciated.

@_date: 2006-01-03 02:05:53
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Using gpg in larger scale at a University 
The good news is that Werner is very serious about good Windows support
for GnuPG.  He has started the gpg4win project to collect together all
the Windows front ends and plugins under one installer.  The bad news is
that this is a work in progress.
There is a new Outlook plugin called GPGol that is part of that gpg4win
project.  Werner himself is writing it.  It's loosely based on the old
GData plugin - essentially a rewrite of it.  I don't use Outlook myself
(thank heavens I don't have to), so I can't tell you what the current
state is.  Back in September when he first announced it, it apparently
worked with Outlook 2003, but not Outlook 2000.  You can find it
currently at:
  ftp://ftp.g10code.com/g10code/gpgol/
You are mixing up questions about security policy with questions about
  policy implimentation.  I hope I'm not stepping on any toes here, but
I think I should suggest that this isn't the place to look for advice on
security policy.  You might get good advice - but then again, you might
get the most dangerous type of advice there is: advice that sounds
logical, that seems to make sense, from someone who is generally
technically competant, but that has a nonobvious flaw in it that will
come back to haunt you.  I'll tell you right now, I'm one of those
people.  I'm a project manager, a good programmer, I use GnuPG and have
written software for it, but I'm not a security consultant.
There are ISO standards for this sort of thing - standards that specify
what a computer that holds a certificate authority's keys can and can't
be hooked to, who can hold the passphrases and tokens, key length, and
so forth.  If you really are serious and want to have a good security
policy, you should talk to someone who knows these standards.
Yes, this is possible.  I can't tell you if it would be useful as that
is based on your security policy and users' requirements.  If the group
of people who will be using the server need keys for people who don't
use your server (people in the general OpenPGP community), then it would
be useful.
My understanding is that not all keyservers synchronize together - there
are groups that synchronize with each other, but are otherwise self
contained.  You would have to contact the maintainers of any particular
group in order to find out what their requirements are for joining.
Probably the easiest way to find this out is to email the contact person
for a particular server that you know is in the group you want to join.
Hope this helps.

@_date: 2006-01-05 05:16:49
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: lost private key password 
There isn't any software that I know of to brute-force a GnuPG password.
You could probably whip up something quick and dirty using GnuPG's
password checking code, but to be honest and as much as it probably
annoys you, I think the best thing to do is just admit that you've got
to replace your key.
I did the same thing with my first key.  I learned the hard way that one
should have produced a revocation certificate.  This is something I'd
like to see GnuPG offer to generate by default for any new keys.
Another option, so you don't have to hold multiple revocation
certificates in a safe place, is to create a key for the sole use of
using it as a revoking key.  You add that key as a revoker to any new
keys you produce, and don't use the revoker key for anything else.  You
can then store the revoker key without a passphrase, or with a very easy
to remember one like your birthday.  If someone gets their hands on your
revoker key, all the damage they can do to you is to issue revocation
certificates, which (for most people) is merely annoying rather than
actually dangerous.
Even better is to get yourself a few OpenPGP smartcards.  Use one as
your primary use key, and another as a backup.  The backup is set up as
a revoker for the primary one.  If you lose your primary, or it is
stolen, you can use the backup to revoke the key on your primary, and
then use that key as as your new primary one.  Then you just order a new
card to act as a backup and when it comes, set it up as a backup with
the ability to revoke your new primary key.
Sorry about your original key - it's a pain, I know.

@_date: 2006-01-07 15:22:13
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: hard-copy backups 
The most important thing in making archival CD backups is the dye, not
the reflective layer.  Both gold and silver are used in the reflective
layer, and both are considered to be pretty much equivalent in terms of
The best dyes to use are phthalocyanine and metal stabilized cyanine.
It's difficult to visually tell if a disc has metal stabilized cyanine
as it is the same pale color as normal cyanine, which is the worst dye
for longevity.  Phthalocyanine is a darker dye and easy to tell from
If you want good archival CD's, then ensure that you are getting a good
dye.  Manufacturers will sometimes change dyes even in what they label
as an archival CD in order to cut costs.

@_date: 2006-01-10 04:41:41
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: updating a key's self-signature 
> Anyway, do this:
Does this mean that personal-digest-preferences and/or a key's digest
preferences doesn't dictate what digest algorithm is used for
self-signatures?  If this is the case, it seems to me to be a little
How does one tell what digest algo is used for one's self sigs?

@_date: 2006-01-11 06:41:09
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Textmode for dummies (me) 
I received a request to add support for --textmode to GPGee and did so.
 I'm about to release a new version and am updating the help file, and I
find that I don't have a clear understanding myself of exactly what
--textmode does.  I'm hoping someone can explain a few things.
The man page for GnuPG states:
 -t, --textmode
 Treat input files as text and store them in the OpenPGP canonical  text
 form  with standard  "CRLF"  line  endings.
The only time this would seem to matter is with clearsigning, as that is
the only time GnuPG writes an input file to its output as text.  So, I
did the following on a Linux box:
  $ gpg --clearsign --textmode test1.txt
The output was stored as test1.txt.asc, but didn't have CRLF line
endings.  The line endings were still native Linux LF-only like the
source file.
So, if --textmode doesn't convert to CRLF during clearsigning, when does
it convert?
Also, I noticed when searching for information, some sample command
lines given with --textmode and --detach-sign.  What is the purpose of
textmode for a detached signature?  The man page further explains that
--textmode sets a text flag in the message.  Does a detached signature
have this text flag?  Is any sort of conversion done on the original
file during verification of a detached signature?

@_date: 2006-01-11 13:01:32
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Bug in GnuPG 
It seems to me that the loop nesting just needs to be reversed.
It seems like the way GnuPG works is that it has a list of session keys,
and a list of private keys.  It then iterates through the list of
session keys and tries to see if any private key matches.  This makes it
so that if the session key is anonymous, it has to ask for each private
key passphrase in turn, and do this for each and every session key.
If the logic were reversed, this would be avoided.  Iterate through the
private keys first, then test each private key to see if it will decrypt
a session key.  The passphrase is asked for once for each private key
instead of for each session key times the number of private keys.
ie: right now, it works this way
   for (int s = 0; s < NumSessionKeys; s++) {
     for (int k = 0; k < NumPrivateKeys; k++) {
       char *PassPhrase = GetPassphrase(PrivateKeyList[k]);
       if (DecryptSessionKey(SessionKeyList[s], PassPhrase))
         /* decrypt message here */
     }
   }
Perhaps it would be better like this:
   for (int k = 0; k < NumPrivateKeys; k++) {
     char *PassPhrase = GetPassphrase(PrivateKeyList[k]);
     for (int s = 0; s < NumSessionKeys; s++) {
       if (DecryptSessionKey(SessionKeyList[s], PassPhrase))
         /* decrypt message here */
     }
   }
That's a terrible simplification, but it seems to me like the logic
works better this way.

@_date: 2006-01-13 21:51:14
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: [Announce] GPGee version 1.3.0 Released 
Skipped content of type multipart/signed-------------- next part --------------
Gnupg-announce mailing list

@_date: 2006-01-15 13:34:42
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Secret key not found - is this normal? 
I have found that on the gpg command line, I can't specify a key to sign
with by using a user id unless that user id is the primary.
For example, my primary user id is kfitzner and one of my
secondary ones is kfitzner  This works:
 $ gpg -u kfitzner --detach-sign while this doesn't:
 $ gpg -u kfitzner --detach-sign  gpg: skipped "kfitzner secret key not available
 gpg: signing failed: secret key not available
I can list the key this way, though:
 $ gpg --list-key kfitzner
I never noticed this behavior before.  Is this normal/intended, or have
my too-frequent edits of my key done something bad?

@_date: 2006-01-17 09:32:37
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Does a secret key need to be signed? 
I recently exported my key pair from GnuPG and imported it into PGP in
order to get the user ids balanced between my public and secret keys.
When I pulled the key pair back into GnuPG, I noticed that my secret key
is now much smaller.  I did a --list-packets and found that the secret
key is missing self-signatures.
My question is, does a secret key actually need to be signed?

@_date: 2006-01-21 17:22:19
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Using other compression algos with GnuPG 
My understanding of the reason behind compression in OpenPGP is that it
was less to give you a smaller output file than it was to reduce obvious
redundancy in the message so as to improve resistance to cryptanalysis.
Is it cryptographically useful to have LZMA over zlib or bzip2?
Wouldn't a better approach be to add detection of compressed data to
GnuPG?  This way it can turn off compression if it sees precompressed
data.  If you are looking for better compression, you can then pipe your
data through your compressor-du-jour first, and then run it through GnuPG.

@_date: 2006-11-14 15:24:07
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: OpenPGP Card implementation 
I did some investigation, and there are lots of java card platforms that
would be eminently usable for the OpenPGP smartcard.  The hard part is
redoing the code from BasicCard to Java.  The hardware is easy to obtain.

@_date: 2006-11-20 08:04:23
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Outcome of the Logo Ballot 
Vote cast.  I was impressed with the variety of submissions.
I'm not sure if you want discussion of the entries, so I won't at this
point, but I'm eagerly awaiting the results.  I've been working on GPGee
again lately, and I'm looking forward to putting the winner somewhere in
the program (I assume this will be allowed for GPG support programs and
GUI's to do).

@_date: 2007-02-15 04:14:02
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: GPG4Win keys not appearing 
Hi Bruce,
I'm the author of GPGee (GPG Explorer Extensions), which from what you
have described, seems to be the component you're having problems with.
I've had several reports of keys disappearing at odd times.  I've never
been able to duplicate the problem myself, so I haven't been able to
track it down completely.
My GPGee program ran into problems because it has to deal with an issue
with GnuPG where specifying the same key ring more than once causes keys
to duplicate in its output.  It's quite easy to mis-configure the
gpg.conf file to cause GPG to do this, so I had to write in code in the
explorer extension that filtered this out.  I am fairly certain it is
this code that is, in certain cases, misbehaving, but I've not been able
to work out exactly how.
Several times I've requested a change to GPG to cause it to not
duplicate keyring output, but this has not been done.
If you can produce a sample keyring that exhibits the disappearing key
behavior, I'll try again to track the problem down.  Failing that, I
suppose enough people will just have to step up and ask for GPG to change.
     Kurt Fitzner

@_date: 2007-03-15 16:14:13
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: Deleting a designated revoker 
In PGP desktop 9.5, I can delete a designated revoker from my keyring.
Having used GnuPG pretty much exclusively, I was under the impression
this was impossible.  It wouldn't be an issue, but having torn my hair
out for several days over why CACert's OpenPGP signature system wouldn't
sign my key, I finally figured out it doesn't handle keys with revokers
on it.
Since deleting a revoker is possible, might I suggest that GPG
incorporate this ability.

@_date: 2008-02-09 15:45:22
@_author: Kurt Fitzner 
@_subject: GPGee development restarted - need bugs 
After almost two years of neglect, I've got time enough to start working on GPGee again.  I was informed some time ago that work is underway to replace it.  I don't see a replacement yet, so I'm going to put out a release that fixes some bugs and incorporates a French translation I was given.  This can act as a stop-gap until the replacement is completed. If the replacement is going to be some time yet, I'll also entertain requests for new features.
Bugs I've fixed so far include:
- Disappearing keys (requires GnuPG >= 1.4 to fix)
- Verifications of signatures made with expired subkeys not showing the correct expiry date of the subkey and giving incorrect warnings of signatures being made after the key expired
- Password requests not showing correct data (type & size) for the subkey identified
- SHA224 signatures not being correctly identified
If you are still using GPGee (or want to) and have experienced bugs not mentioned above, please respond here, on a thread I've made in the GPGee forums ( or by personal e-mail to me.
I apologize for any previous e-mails that haven't been replied to.
     Kurt Fitzner
