
@_date: 2001-07-18 20:08:02
@_author: Kjetil Kjernsmo 
@_subject: International photo ID (was Re: Semi-off-topic - Netiquette ?) 
Without addressing the discussion here, there is just this one point that
I'd like to comment on:
I am going to organize a keysigning party at the International Conference
for Physics Students in Dublin, and we brought this up on on our mailing
Around here, what is widely regarded as the strongest photo ID is the
bank card, what you use to identify yourself to the bank. I heard that in
the U.S. you can't really go anywhere without a Driver's License, but a
driver's license around here is not really worth a lot. The new Norwegian
passports aren't too bad, but nobody would trust the old ones (and they
are worth a lot sold on the black market, I've heard). In Sweden, however,
you would hardly get money from your own bank account if your passport was
the only identification you had...
Also, anybody can up with something that looks like an identity card, when
they have in fact made it themselves. If you don't know what is customary
in the country where the person comes from, there is no way you can judge
the validity of the card.
OK, so this raises the issue: In an international setting, how should
people identify themselves? We figured that people should bring their
passport _and_ some other photo ID of their choice, one that is generally
regarded as strong. We should note what kind of ID is used so that we may,
at least in principle check afterwards if in doubt.
Are there any experiences on this topic?

@_date: 2001-07-18 22:28:01
@_author: Kjetil Kjernsmo 
@_subject: Pine or MagicPGP buggy? 
Hash: SHA1
Dear all,
Just a quick question, just in case somebody has had the same problem.
I'm using Pine (4.30/4.33) with MagicPGP v3.4 (I haven't been able to
install PGPenvelope because *they* haven't updated Perl for about 4
years), and when I send signed e-mail to my Mutt-using friends they tell
me that gpg --verify complains about my MTA:
gpg: CRC error; 124ddd - dc3124
gpg: quoted printable character in armor - probably a buggy MTA has been used
Is this a bug in Pine? It does seem likely, since when I had a look at
some incoming signatures, they had ^M's in them, but OTOH, with all the
people using Pine with no problems. I have contacted the author of
MagicPGP, but I guess everyone's on vacation these days... :-)

@_date: 2001-06-11 22:54:01
@_author: Kjetil Kjernsmo 
@_subject: GnuPG in universities 
Being a newbie, this of course, makes me concerned. I have no option but
to have my stuff on a shared box. So, how vulnerable am I?
I'm sitting on the console of this box, and there are about 70 people with
login rights to the box itself. The number of people having access to the
disk is _much_ higher, that's the whole university. The box is physically
located in a room with five desks and three other computers, and there are
seldom anybody but me logging onto the console.
When we installed GnuPG, I did the compilation, but the sysadmin did make
install, to make available for all the machines on the Institute.
Of course, I read about using a floppy rather than storing the keyring on
my home disk. I really can't see why this offers any additional security.
If anybody wants to copy my keyring, its easy enough to send me an
encrypted e-mail and see when I'm putting the disk into the machine to
decrypt it. Or some similar strategy. Also, my .gnupg/ directory has set
permission so that it is only accessible to me, the floppy could be
stolen. So, from what I can see, the passphrase is the only thing that
really protects my secret key, either way. I really can't see any way I
can be reasonably certain of preventing an attacker from copying the
contents of the .gnupg/ directory. Setting appropriate permissions, I
think of as a small speed bump. But I have a hell of a passphrase,
takes 20 seconds to type... :-) I think they would have a hard time
cracking it with a dictionary attack, but of course, if someone is
monitoring my keystrokes... This box is not that accessible, so what are
the real risks?

@_date: 2001-06-21 20:48:01
@_author: Kjetil Kjernsmo 
@_subject: error sending to `search.keyserver.net': eof ?!?! 
I have the same problem. I tried to read some docs, but found nothing.
I have also sent an e-mail to webmaster it seems to be the
address they have given for questions, but received no response.
Instead, I have started sending my keys to keyserver wwwkeys.pgp.net, that
works well. But it seems like keyserver.net is preferred to pgp.net around
here? Is pgp.net the keyserver for PGP software and keyserver.net for all
OpenPGP-compliant applications, or something? Are keys shared between
these servers, on only between the servers on each domain?
Also, what does the above error message mean? What file is it it
has reached the end of? Doesn't it connect at all? A HTTP status code
would help a lot I think...

@_date: 2001-05-30 14:31:01
@_author: Kjetil Kjernsmo 
@_subject: Compiling gnupg-1.0.6 on the OSF/1 
Dear all,
Up to recently, my geek code said PGP-, but now suddenly a matter has
developed rather urgently, and I guess one doesn't realize the value of
encryption before one really needs it.... :-) I hope you will excuse my
lack of lurking and my plead for urgent help.
We are trying to compile gnupg on the alpha running Tru64. We have access
to machines running everything from OSF/1 v 4.0 to 5.0. We have used
mainly a machine which is characterized by alphaev56-dec-osf4.0e.
A friend compiled 1.0.5 yesterday, and it seemed to work, and then I found
that 1.0.6 had been released, so he tried another go, but there seems to
be a problem with the Makefile...?
The make stops with the following:
Making all in tools
make[2]: Entering directory
make[2]: *** No rule to make target `-liconv', needed by `mpicalc'.  Stop.
Any ideas?
