
@_date: 2003-01-09 21:01:01
@_author: Knut Forkalsrud 
@_subject: TAB at EOL (GPG and PGP interoperability) 
I'm using GPG version 1.2.1 and some files signed using PGP 7.0.4 have
caused problems.  It turns out that the problem files have trailing
TAB characters on some lines.  All PGP versions I have tried can
verify the signature easily, but GPG insists it's a BAD signature.  Is
this a feature or a PGP bug or a GPG bug?  I have briefly looked at
the FAQ, but I didn't find the answer there.
Thanks in advance,
Knut Forkalsrud
Software Developer
Commission Junction
PS: Here is the public key and a sample file in case anyone wants to
    reproduce the case:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: PGPfreeware 7.0.3 for non-commercial use -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
This line ends with a TAB

@_date: 2003-01-09 21:13:02
@_author: Knut Forkalsrud 
@_subject: --batch switch not always preventing questions 
I'm using gpg 1.2.1 in an automated setup and use the --batch switch
to prevent any questions.  However, it has happened that a funky input
file has caused gpg to hang around waiting for user input.  Below is
an example file that illustrates the issue.  I call the file nope2.msg
and try the following command:
  gpg --decrypt --batch --yes nope2.msg
and the process hangs until I press C-c or C-d.  If I omit --batch and
--yes I get the question:
  Detached signature.
  Please enter name of data file: but I don't want to answer such a question, I just want to get an
error message.  I realize that if I replace --decrypt with --verify
the program doesn't hang, and I do get an error message, but shouldn't
the same be true with --decrypt?
Thanks in advance,
Knut Forkalsrud
Software Developer
Commission Junction
-----BEGIN nope SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: nope

@_date: 2003-01-10 01:42:02
@_author: Knut Forkalsrud 
@_subject: TAB at EOL (GPG and PGP interoperability) 
Thanks for the answers.  I mailed support a question/complaint
about the issue and if I hear back from them I'll let you know.
Knut Forkalsrud
Software Developer
Commission Junction

@_date: 2003-01-10 19:16:02
@_author: Knut Forkalsrud 
@_subject: TAB at EOL (GPG and PGP interoperability) 
There may be all sorts of reasons.  I have no control of what people
type when they send me a message.  One case may be that someone hits
TAB in their editor by accident.  Most editors don't show trailing
whitespace, so it's easy to overlook.
Another possibility is that they try to send me a file for my spread
sheet with TAB separated values.  If the last value on a line is
empty, a TAB may become the last character on that line.

@_date: 2003-01-15 21:18:03
@_author: Knut Forkalsrud 
@_subject: TAB at EOL (GPG and PGP interoperability) 
I'm just thinking it could be possible to calculate two hashes of the
same message, one ignoring TAB at end of line and the other doing it
the right way.  If the right hash doesn't look like the one in the
signature, the alternative one might match.
I'm no GPG (or PGP) expert, but is there something preventing an
approach like this from working (working in the sense working around
the bug in PGP)?
