
@_date: 2002-04-18 18:11:02
@_author: Kofi Grey 
@_subject: Transaction 
FROM: GREY KOFI ADMIN.SECRETARY STANDARD SECURITIES. ACCRA, GHANA. DEAR SIR, I do hope this letter will not come to you as a surprise. It was borne out of my desire to share a mutual business relationship with you . My name is GREY KOFI. A 47 years Ghanaian national, married with a wife and four children. I work as an administrative secretary in Standard Securities and Services Limited in Accra-Ghana. I got the information concerning you from the Ghana Chambers of Commerce and Industries after due consultation with my opinion adviser, I decided to contact you believing that by the grace of God, you will accept to be my partner in this business. I joined the services of this company in 1991 as office assistant and have been working with this company for nine years, within this period, I have worked with states and government functionaries who have been using Standard Securities to move huge sums of money U.S Dollars, Pounds Sterling, Foreign Tiakh(Cash)to their foreign partners. They bring in these consignments of money cash and secretly declare the contents as jewelry, Gold, Diamond, Precious stones, Family Treasure, Documents, etc. General Sanni Abacha of Nigeria(dead), Mobutu Sese Sekou of zaire (dead) Foday Sankoh of Sierra Leone,Babangida of Nigeria etc. All these people have hundreds of consignments deposited with Standard securities. Their foreign partners friends and relatives are claiming most of these consignments, but a lot of them are lying here unclaimed for as much as fifteen years. Nobody has ever come for them because in most cases, the documents! of deposits are never available to any body except the depositors but most of them are dead. Some time last year, Standard Security management changed the procedure of claims of consignments.
As soon as one is able to supply answers all the test questions  as contained in the secret files of any consignment, They consignment will be released to you upon demand from our safe storage. More than one hundred and twenty consignments belonging to Gen.Abacha, and Mobutu have been claimed in the past months. This is why I am soliciting for your co-operation and assistance. Gen. Abacha has 85 consignments deposited with several different names and codes. 35 have been claimed in the past 6 months. Since he died, the first son also died in a plane crash and the second son is facing trial for murderand embezzlement. The family members are under restricted arrest without communication.And can no longer tourch or ask of this consignments as the eyes of their goverment is on them and their consignment with us has overstayed their grace period
I have finished every arrangement for you to come and claim consignment NO: 1201 containing US$ 9,000,000.00 and consignment NO: 1200 containing US$ 12,000,000.00. My duty is to supply you with all the information and documents by fax or email which you will use to deal directly with the management. The procedure is simple; You will apply officially to the Director of Operations of Standard Securities for the release of consignments NO; 1200 and NO.1201. They will demand some documents and Secret Codes. Reach me, I will supply you with every detailed information and you will fax it to them. As soon as they confirm it correct, they will invite you for collection. If you do not want to come to Accra, you can arrange with them to transfer the consignment to anywhere but united States of America on agreement. Nobody should ever know that I am involved in this deal except the Lawyer who will write an Agreement for us. I will suggest upon conclusion, 30% goes to you and 70% for me. At the successful completion of the deal, you will arrange for me and family to come over to your country. I am assuring you that this business have been arranged for years now. It is very secure and risk free. Reach me on kofigrey for further explanation and directives on
the procedure, God bless you. Yours Sincerely, GREY KOFI Get back to me via:kofigrey
