
@_date: 2015-12-16 21:14:29
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: QC resistant algorithms? 
Long story short, there exist algorithms that are hypothesised tho be
QC-resistant, though as far as I know nothing is proven in that
respect.  Those that do exist, there's still a substantial possibility
that they'll be broken.  Key and signature sizes are generally large,
kilobytes to megabytes.
Certainly nothing is standardised, let alone being ready to go into OpenPGP.
This is all outside of my area, so someone please correct me if I'm way off.

@_date: 2015-12-25 17:41:15
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: about cartoon in FAQ 10.1. 'Correct, horse! Battery staple!' 
I'm a big fan of that list, and for some time I've been meaning to generate
a tweaked version that uses binary numbering, having recently needed to
generate a passphrase without a dice to hand. Using a coin and rejection
sampling isn't too hard, but it's rather annoying to have to throw away 20%
of digits.
Le 25 d?c. 2015 17:16,  a ?crit :

@_date: 2015-12-27 10:54:00
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: advice please 
According to the documentation that I've found, it is called "passwords and
Le 27 d?c. 2015 10:45, "Rob Landau"  a ?crit :

@_date: 2015-10-23 10:58:22
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Direct signatures 
Is there any way make GNUPG or libgpgme generate a signature from an
externally-computed hash?  My justifications for this are twofold:
1. Isolation---by removing the need for gpg to see the original data, it
becomes possible to perform signatures on a system that is completely
isolated, at least as far as incoming data goes.
2. Process separation---I have ideas involving SELinux that I would like to
experiment with, and doing so requires that tasks be split at the process
level as I understand.

@_date: 2016-04-26 18:53:42
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: making a Debian Live CD for managing GnuPG master key and 
I have thought for a while that something like this would be a good
idea, it's been sitting on the list of things to have a go at for a
while, so I'm glad to see that someone is actually doing it.
It could be useful to include other kinds of key management than GnuPG,
e.g. for code-signing.  Maybe not shown to the user in the first
instance, but it seems like a good idea to have it in the image.
I realise it's a livecd, but I would suggest explicitly banishing
anything resembling swap support from the image if possible.
I also think that insisting that the user print a revocation cert before
continuing is a bit harsh; I don't have a printer connected to my
airgapped machine, for example, but since I have multiple backups of the
private key I'm not too worried.
As far as smartcards, that PKCS tool hasn't had a release since 2011
according to its website.  In any case, even if you do get it working
then ultimately you have to use whatever type the user has in the
reader, which at the moment is essentially always an OpenPGP card.  Plus
as I understand it you need to distribute all of the per-card drivers
for PKCS which tend to be non-free.
I think this may be offtopic, but one related thing that I'd also like
to look into at some point is whether one can use SELinux to do
red/black-separation style stuff.  Since this livecd is only really
meant for signing it isn't terribly useful, I don't think, unless you
wanted to do something like prevent exported private keys from being
written to non-special media for example.

@_date: 2016-04-26 19:14:12
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: making a Debian Live CD for managing GnuPG master key and 
One thing that I forgot to mention is that it would be good to have some
way to copy master keys to new media or to rewrite them to existing
ones.  This could be prompted if some but not all disks have master keys
for example.
Automatic extension of the expiry dates should catch cases where the key
has been corrupted, but if it can be disabled then it might be a good
idea to check them.  I can't remember the exact details of how
expiration dates work with subkeys so you may need to do this yourself
Anyway, thanks again for having gotten the ball rolling on this, if I
get some time I'd be keen to lend a hand.

@_date: 2016-04-27 11:05:19
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: OT: Peer review (was: making a Debian Live CD for managing GnuPG 
Yep, I think this is important.  I'd also suggest that actively
attempting to lure potential contributors to a project from their own
mailing list is a bit of a no-no as well.
A topic that someone mentioned in this thread was peer-review.  Is there
any venue out there for seeking third-party security review for
open-source code?  I don't mean anything professional, but just
something Stack-Overflow-ey.
A few of my projects involve crypto or some other kind of security
functionality, and I feel a bit uncomfortable evangelising too much
without having had someone else go over them more thoroughly than
Coverity can.  Here wouldn't be a good venue as they tend to range from
unrelated to competing (don't judge, I just need an MIT-licenced way to
check an OpenPGP signature), but given the amount of misguided security
code out there, it seems like somewhere more generally-oriented might be
Even restricting to GnuPG itself, obviously not every one-man-band using
GPG in a script can expect to come here and get a code audit.

@_date: 2016-08-01 15:01:15
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: DKIM and email address proof-of-control 
Has anyone had a go at using DKIM signatures as a way of verifying
control of an email address with GPG?
I've seen a few mentions of the idea online, particularly here:
    I'm thinking of building a robot-CA-type arrangement that includes
either a DKIM signature or a link to one in a signature notation.  By
including the fingerprint in such a way that the canonicalisation
doesn't allow it to be hidden from the user, it would allow us to use
existing infrastructure to demonstrate that the mail provider allows a
user to send mail from an address, without individual users having to
request the key in the first instance in order to use TOFU.
The idea wouldn't be to replace the web of trust or long-term TOFU, but
to provide a service like PGP Global Directory that doesn't have a
central point of failure.
Some of the problems that I can see:
1. Is the assumption valid that (absent server or endpoint compromise)
only a user authorised by the provider can get a DKIM signature on mail
with a From address from that provider?  We need to be careful to avoid
allowing people to get a signature in the name of a mailing list, for
example.  This may be possible to solve via whitelisting.
2. Is there anything that can get lost in the canonicalisation?  For
example, a mailto: link might provide an apparently-blank message with a
fingerprint at the bottom after a screenfull of newlines.  My
experiments with Gmail and Thunderbird suggest that this cannot be
easily done with the subject line, making that the best place to put the
3. How do you protect against attacks involving reply-to?  Is the lack
of a Re: in the subject line sufficiently convincing?
4. Given that DNSSec isn't universal, can we do better than trusting DNS
results for the public key queries without just shifting the single
point of failure somewhere else?
5. This only validates the email address, not the name.  I'm not aware
of any way to signal this without a custom notation, though I would be
most pleased to hear otherwise.
If there is a catastrophic flaw in the idea, then any feedback would be
very much appreciated.

@_date: 2016-08-02 11:02:17
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: DKIM and email address proof-of-control 
Hi, thanks for the response.
That is true.  My feeling that this is not a problem is based on two
1. Domain validation is fine because whoever controls the domain
ultimately determines which user has which address.  Any form of email
validation is vulnerable to this, the best you can do is to try to
detect such tampering by forcing them to put a public key onto SKS or
such.  This is still much better than what we have now, where we just
have to trust that the Robot CA hasn't misissued a signature, an
attacker needs to at least compromise each domain separately.
2. With Gmail at least, the From seems to be replaced with the account
that I log in from, yielding the following (lachlan at twopif.net is a
Google Apps address):
    From: lachlan at twopif.net (Lachlan Gunn)
    X-Google-Original-From: lachlan.gunn at gmail.com (Lachlan Gunn)
I would have thought that any sane MTA would do either this or outright
reject such an email, but maybe I'm overoptimistic.  This is why I meant
that whitelisting might be a good idea---if it is known that they have
anti-spoofing measures in place then their signature has value, if not
then no.
I guess I should clarify this to mean that the subject would have to be
"VALIDATE-EMAIL-F3E3..." without any other text around it.  Dashes are
there so that misleading spacing cannot be canonicalised away.  Subject
lines wouldn't ever be changed and expected to remain valid, because the
process would be "Send a blank email with the subject line
Thanks again for your comments,

@_date: 2016-08-02 20:37:14
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: DKIM and email address proof-of-control 
I mean that I connect to Google's SMTP server with Thunderbird using the
"lachlan at twopif.net" login details, but configure the account's email
address to be lachlan.gunn at gmail.com, so that From: and MAIL FROM are
both Yes, however I expect that they decided that it would generate too much
confusion if people who mis-spelt their email address slightly were
unable to send mail.
I'm not sure exactly what you mean, but I don't think the existence of
such aliases is a problem---unless I misunderstand, ultimately the
sender still controls the alias, and it is no different from any other
email address in that respect.
The main thing is to prevent things like putting request at roboca into the
or by putting it into Reply-To.
Checking the subject line seems fairly reasonable, and requiring an
email in response to one the CA---In-Reply-To is signed in my test
messages, you can use a signature as the message ID---ought to make
things more difficult for anyone but the CA.

@_date: 2016-08-03 11:12:36
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: DKIM and email address proof-of-control 
Le 2016-08-02 ? 23:35, MFPA a ?crit :
It the key is from twopif.net, though obviously Google have the private
key rather than myself.
No, the idea is that you send an email to victim at example.com and
roboca at roboca.com and when the victim hits reply-to-all the
response goes to the CA as well.  If such an email is considered
acceptable, then an attacker who can get hold of the email now has a
Yes, you would do something like
  But thinking
about it further, this would mean that you couldn't mandate a clean
subject line (no Re: etc.) without user intervention.
I guess I'll go ahead and start building, then we'll see how it looks in

@_date: 2016-08-18 00:23:09
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: 2 Q's 
Le 18 ao?t 2016 00:09, "Andrew Gallagher"  a ?crit :
I coincidentally am working on a daemon to do this, actually a superset of
what Parcimonie does.   Significantly though it shouldn't need Tor or Perl
for basic functionality, so running it in the background on a Windows
machine in a corporate network will at least be vaguely plausible with a
reasonably-sized executable. If anyone has feature requests for such a
thing then I'd be interested to hear.

@_date: 2016-12-08 16:59:40
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Hybrid keysigning party, your opinion? 
Le 2016-12-08 ? 08:14, Stephan Beck a ?crit :
If I understand correctly, the late attendees still get a copy of the
fingerprints after the fact, they just don't have it on their sheet of
paper.  The fingerprint-less piece of paper just lets them keep a record
of who they have verified, and gives them a hash of the list that does
have the fingerprints, which they can compare with the people who were
ready beforehand (to make sure that the fingerprints have been verified
by the identity holders).
I've actually thought of doing an electronic keyslip program for mobile
phones/tablets that would let you build the list electronically using QR
codes or NFC, or maybe doing it via the hash-on-the-projector method for
maximum speed.  Then you could just download the file to your signing
machine and let CAFF do its thing.
Would this interest anyone?  Does the idea have flaws that I'm blind to?

@_date: 2016-12-09 00:21:06
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Hybrid keysigning party, your opinion? 
Le 2016-12-08 ? 22:05, Peter Lebbing a ?crit :
Not a problem, efficient keysigning is something I've been pondering for
a while, so I'm really glad to see people working in the area.
Personally I am of the mind that anything longer than that email is
wishful thinking, you have to get people to actually follow it.  The
ones who need to do it are also only the ones who weren't organised in
advance, so I think keep the extra work to a minimum if you want to
maximise the useful signatures from them.
To this end, another suggestion is to make the forms that they fill in
identical, whether or not they are late.  You could do this by putting
the fingerprints at the end of the primary document and just printing
out the first bit for latecomers.  This might save some "I don't know
how your form works, I have the prearranged one" on the day.
It's late here now, but I'll try to have a look over the weekend to see
if there are any missed opportunities for automation.

@_date: 2016-12-09 00:38:49
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Hybrid keysigning party, your opinion? 
Le 2016-12-09 ? 00:25, Peter Lebbing a ?crit :
Can't they get this from the other participants in the line?  Checking
with a few people at random gives reasonable assurance that this is what
was agreed on at the beginning, or they can check them all if they want
to be certain.

@_date: 2016-12-12 15:57:48
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Hybrid keysigning party, your opinion? 
Le 2016-12-12 ? 03:45, Peter Lebbing a ?crit :
My apologies if I came across as overly harsh.  What I meant was that it
took me a little bit of time to work out exactly what you meant, so
someone unfamilar with the web of trust will probably not follow
exactly; it may just have been that I went through your email too late
at night. Something along the lines of the following might make it more
clear to everyone who is familiar with the hashed-list approach:
    Those who are in the advance list are certified in the usual way,
    and latecomers hand out keyslips in order to get themselves
    certified.
    If you are late you need to check when you get home
    that the names and serial numbers on the form that we gave
    out match those on the one whose hash is on the projector.
But this is just me nitpicking about presentation.  I think the idea is
good, and falls into that wonderful category of things that are obvious
in retrospect, but in need of someone clever to make the breakthrough
without the benefit of hindsight.
One last thought: This may be na?vely optimistic, but if everyone
finishes at the same time then you can always do a second confirmation
of the list-hash at the end for people who are late to the session.  Or
if you're into arts and crafts, give them a copy of the master hash on
overhead transparency that they can use to very quickly check against
someone else's.

@_date: 2016-12-12 16:05:37
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Recording keysigning attendants on phone (was: Hybrid keysigning 
Le 2016-12-08 ? 22:30, Stephan Beck a ?crit :
Yes, sorry.  There wouldn't be any paper copy, which might be a problem,
unless you have a printer available to produce printed copies on demand
which can be checked later.
The idea is to allow people to add themselves to the list right up until
the last minute, then someone cuts the ribbon, the system emails it to
everyone and displays it on the projector, and they all follow either
the standard Sassaman method or Peter's hybrid one.

@_date: 2016-12-12 16:32:08
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Hybrid keysigning party, your opinion? 
Le 2016-12-12 ? 03:45, Peter Lebbing a ?crit :
Also, while I promised to forever hold my peace, you might want to give
people a a programmatic way to make the scrubbed list so that those who
print their own don't need to manually verify it.  This might add too
much complexity, so I don't know whether it is worthwhile.
Something like
    sed -re '/^(pub|\s+Key fingerprint).*$/d' scrubbed.txt
is easy enough to verify by eye as not being a trick.  The //d (rather
than s///) is important because unless it makes the list shorter, there
isn't any incentive to go to the trouble :)

@_date: 2016-12-16 13:49:21
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Hybrid keysigning party, your opinion? 
Le 2016-12-14 ? 04:34, Peter Lebbing a ?crit :
My bad; such is the life of the email-user.
Yes, with paper that would work.  I rejected it because I was imagining
a projector, which obviously could change the hash halfway through.

@_date: 2016-02-06 13:14:37
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Documentation format 
I'm about to start writing some documentation in Docbook, so I can report
back after that's done if you like.
Le 6 f?vr. 2016 13:12, "Robert J. Hansen"  a ?crit :

@_date: 2016-02-23 15:17:13
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Can the NSA Crack GnuPG 
By a weird freak of coincidence I am currently writing some code to
simulate this type of experiment.
It doesn't break relativity, rather (roughly speaking) it shows that
quantum measurements cannot be predetermined unless you have FTL or some
kind of non-local theory that predetermines the random numbers that you
are going to take.
There are various potential flaws in this type experiment that might let
you have your cake---relativity---and eat it too---no quantum
randomness.  These experiments have been done for many decades, and over
time they have chipped away at the various flaws, requiring any
hidden-variable theory to become increasingly perverse.  This one claims
to be completely free of such issues.
But I'm not the greatest expert in this, so don't try to read too much
into what I just said.
Le 2016-02-23 14:44, Peter Lebbing a ?crit :

@_date: 2016-02-24 15:12:45
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Tor and keyservers (was: Key selection order) 
Sorry to bring this thread back from the dead, but now that I have a
preprint out I can elaborate a bit more on my motivations for this
previous discussion.
I've spent a little bit of time investigating the use of Tor to create
an interactive protocol for auditing keyservers, the idea being that if
Tor works well and is properly configured and used, a keyserver can't
tell who is who when two requests come in simultaneously.
The idea is that you continuously make requests, perhaps a few times an
hour, for your own key.  Then, when you want to verify someone else's
key, you do the same thing for a certain number of requests, make sure
the responses are all the same, and then wait for a bit to make sure
that the other party hasn't reported receiving different several
different keys.
This is obviously fairly simplified---you probably want to verify a
Merkle tree rather than an individual key, you need some way for a
person to publicly report failures, a reliable and correctable way of
selecting a key from the search results, etc.  The paper and prototype
are here if anyone is interested.
        Apologies if this is too far offtopic, but since it's PGP-related and
explains my previous cryptic questions about selecting keys, I thought
someone perhaps might be interested, even if only for some closure.  I'd
certainly appreciate any thoughts that anyone might have.

@_date: 2016-02-24 21:41:19
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Tor and keyservers 
Essentially I'm looking to see if it's possible to make a secure
directory service, for some definition of secure, even against
persistent attackers.
The idea is to see whether we can make something with security between
the WoT and "download a random key and see what happens" that doesn't
require user intervention.  Whether this would be too burdensome remains
to be seen.
Essentially, if you look up your email address regularly on the major
keyservers, you can see whether people emailing you out of the blue will
get the right key.  But whoever is controlling it could send you the
true key and a fake one to everyone else.  This is a way to overcome that.
If you use e.g. Signal, you can encrypt from the first message; I want
to see if that kind of user experience is possible with email, despite
the lack of what I guess you might term biometric authentication.

@_date: 2016-02-24 22:10:26
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Tor and keyservers 
I mean in the sense that it's a lot easier for someone doing MITM to
transparently rewrite the signatures in an email than it is to
transparently detect that you are reading the verification code and then
replace it with a synthesised version without breaking the flow of
speech.  It's not perfect, but it's a barrier at least.

@_date: 2016-02-25 14:10:33
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: FAQ maintenance 
Le 2016-02-03 21:12, Robert J. Hansen a ?crit :
I realise this is rather late, but I notice that under the section,
"Will GnuPG ever support RSA-3072 or RSA-4096 by default?", ECC is
referred to as Elliptical Curve Cryptography rather than Elliptic.
If this is intentional then please disregard.

@_date: 2016-01-11 17:35:42
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: basic identity mgmt 
I actually ran into this issue the other day.  For me it's problematic
because my certification key is on an offline machine, so it's inconvenient
to have to power it up and do a round-trip through the airgap when I'm not
going to propagate the signature anyway.  It's not a dealbreaker but it's
still a bit irritating.

@_date: 2016-01-14 17:03:54
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Key selection order 
Through my searches online and looking at g10/getkey.c, it seems that when
multiple keys exist with the same name/email/etc., gpg will use the first
one that it finds in the database.  Is this correct?
If so, suppose an attacker inserted a fake key with my details into an HKP
keyserver.  What should I do?  Keys could be returned in any order, and HKP
gives no indication of when they were last updated, so the client can't
separate them that way.
Is there an obvious way to deal with this that I'm missing, or once a false
key is uploaded is it game-over, and I just have to hope that people will
be able to work out which is which through other means?
Apologies if this is covered in the documentation and I have failed to find
it in my reading.

@_date: 2016-01-14 17:58:22
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Key selection order 
Le 14 janv. 2016 17:30, "Robert J. Hansen"  a ?crit :
Yes, of course. I'm just wondering whether there's anything that I can do
to increase the probability that a user who looks me up and emails me out
of nowhere will get the right key.
This breaks the "look up key and then just use ToFU" workflow though, which
is what I was more worried about.  You can't _guarantee_ that other users
will receive the same key, but it would be nice if there were some
possibility that a long-ago added key without an expiry date wouldn't be at
risk of being automatically chosen until the end of time.

@_date: 2016-01-14 19:48:29
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Key selection order 
Sure, but you have to bootstrap somehow.  TOFU doesn't come into play until
after you've received a response anyway, so unless you can find the key
through some out-of-band source, then for the initial contact you have to
choose between either making an educated guess as to what the key is, or
sending in the clear.  Even if the key ends up being wrong then at least
there's only one potential attacker, and the game is up the moment you get
an unmodified email from the real guy via mailing lists, forwarding, etc.
I'm not saying that we should all just blindly accept whatever the
keyservers say, I just wanted to know whether there was anything useful
that one could do with the current infrastructure when they _knew_ that
they were already under attack.
2016-01-14 19:09 GMT+01:00 Robert J. Hansen :

@_date: 2016-01-21 12:32:14
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Rotating encryption keys (was: problem signing with a smart card) 
Ok, thanks, might make an interesting project then if I get some more free
the same /effective/ properties.
The first reason is that you can't do it if the key only exists on a smart
card.  The second is that you now have to do one decryption per message, so
if the key is on a smartcard then it becomes more time-consuming to
compromise the whole database, but this is kind of marginal, I admit.
You can safely put the database on Dropbox or something because it contains
the same information as in the encrypted messages, just with a different
recipient effectively.

@_date: 2016-01-21 13:34:43
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Rotating encryption keys 
Then you rotate to the new key with little or no data loss because all of
the session keys are logged.  You can generate the key on-chip so that it
is unable to ever leave the smartcard, which is obviously desirable from a
security point of view.
I was suggesting that rather than having one big encrypted file with all
the session keys, you public-key reencrypt each one as you decrypt it and
then add it to the log.  Putting the entire log under the same symmetric
key is problematic because then you need to decrypt it every time you
receive a message.
As far as performance, yes, it's marginal, as I said originally.  But if
you have thousands of messages to decrypt using only a slow smartcard,
maybe it will make a difference.
The reason for separately doing each using public-key crypto is that you
can add keys to the log without having the log's decryption key available.
Effectively, the same goes for the encrypted old subkey, AFAICS. Both
Yes, you're right, actually, I failed to account for the extra entropy
involved over the passphrase-encrypted version.

@_date: 2016-01-21 15:06:43
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Rotating encryption keys 
That's one way to do it, the other option is to use some other key that you
have the option to keep offline.
I agree.  If I were implementing it then I'd save it with the same key by
default and, with the option to encrypt to an arbitrary other key.  Then
you can keep it offline if so inclined, or have one common to an
organisation or something.
Yes, if you're using the recipient's subkey then this is the easiest way.
I wasn't as clear as I should have been---I mean the session key gets
decrypted, meaning that an attacker can get access to it in normal
operation.  If you use public-key encryption then the private key doesn't
need to be used except during key transition.
That's true, though you can always deal with it in software.  If you try to
decrypt and it fails, then remove the key from the database.  That said, it
doesn't mesh well with hidden recipients and such so it's probably best to
wait until it's decrypted.

@_date: 2016-07-27 23:17:54
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Disambiguating GnuPG Modern, Stable, and Classic 
Le 2016-07-27 ? 20:47, Samir Nassar a ?crit :
It's more stable than that, WK's words from a few months ago were "it is
not just stable, but modern!  Go and use it."
If it's any indication, gnupg2 in Debian testing is now 2.1.11.

@_date: 2016-03-22 22:51:57
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Verification via the web of trust 
Apologies if this is an excessively newbie question, but is there any
reasonably automated way to do verification via the web-of-trust when
you don't have all the intermediate steps in the keyring already?
All the pathfinders I've seen have been full-on HTML websites, is there
anything out there more suitable for scripting?  If not, is there a
reason?  I have a keyserver dump, a newly-written OpenPGP
parser/verifier, and a mild sense of irritation :)

@_date: 2017-02-16 00:02:54
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Hybrid keysigning party, your opinion? 
Le 2016-12-05 ? 00:03, Peter Lebbing a ?crit :
Given the discussion on the list before, now that CCC has come and gone
I'm curious as to how well this worked.  Is it an innovation worth

@_date: 2017-02-19 21:23:38
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Hybrid keysigning party, your opinion? 
Le 2017-02-19 ? 01:45, Peter Lebbing a ?crit :
Ah, fair enough.  That's a bit unfortunate, but thanks for the report!

@_date: 2017-01-18 22:59:33
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Renewing expired keys 
Le 2017-01-18 ? 22:48, Miroslav Rovis a ?crit :
No, compromise is only one reason---there are lots of reason-codes that
can go into the revocation packet, and compromise is only one.
Specificially, "superseded" is such a reason.
Otherwise, if you switch to a new key, people won't know that your old
one is no longer in use.

@_date: 2017-10-31 10:38:04
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Impact of ROCA (CVE-2017-15361) in subkey vs. private key? 
2017-10-30 23:44 GMT+10:30 Peter Lebbing :
I'm not sure that this is 100% correct.  The first part is true, but
signatures of a key that has been revoked because it was superseded or lost
are valid up to the revocation date, whereas ROCA-affected keys are
compromised to some degree and so all signatures are suspect; the
revocation status should, ideally, reflect this.

@_date: 2017-10-31 12:45:51
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Impact of ROCA (CVE-2017-15361) in subkey vs. private key? 
Le 2017-10-31 ? 12:39, Peter Lebbing a ?crit?:
No, I don't think so---even if the subkey is revoked, there is nothing
stopping me from factoring its public key and then signing all kinds of
documents with a backdated timestamp.  I guess if I'm running the test
myself then I can go ahead and ignore signatures from that subkey, but
ideally the key would actually be marked as compromised.

@_date: 2017-10-31 12:56:07
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Impact of ROCA (CVE-2017-15361) in subkey vs. private key? 
Le 2017-10-31 ? 12:48, Peter Lebbing a ?crit?:
I can't see any reason why this should be problematic.  And for
signatures that you know for sure are pre-ROCA, it makes sense to keep
the subkey around.
The only difficulty is when the owner doesn't have the secret key
anymore, and so can't re-revoke it.  Then you might want to keep it from
being disseminated further.

@_date: 2017-10-31 13:06:43
@_author: Lachlan Gunn 
@_subject: Impact of ROCA (CVE-2017-15361) in subkey vs. private key? 
Le 2017-10-31 ? 13:01, Peter Lebbing a ?crit?:
True, though this applies to the primary key too---I was thinking of all
signatures, really.  But if you consider that correct then it is only
accidentally so :)
I would recommend checking this yourself, as a quick google didn't find
it, and I haven't had a chance to do more thorough research.
