
@_date: 2003-08-04 22:39:03
@_author: Aguilera, Luis 
@_subject: Question from a newbie 
Hi, I want to automatize change of the passphrase using gnupg from PHP.
But, I can't make it work from a command line in DOS mode.
I'm try to work out this with:
gpg --edit-key charlie passwd
and gpg turns the dialog mode and I've to type the actual passphrase, type
the new and re type the new one.
But I don't know how to pass the actual passphrase, enter the new  and re
enter this without the dialog with gpg.
Some body help me PLEASE!!
Luis Aguilera
Sorry about my poor language! (I'm speak spanish)

@_date: 2003-08-05 14:39:02
@_author: Aguilera, Luis 
@_subject: Question from a newbie 
May be i wasn't clear exposing the problem.
This is my problem:
    I want to change the passphrase from a command line, and Not from inside
    I'm developing a software based in webpages with PHP, that will send
files     to other applications and that use keys generated with Gnupg to sign
this files.
    When the software is installed in a new computer. I'm the person who
generate     the keys that will use the New user. I need to give to the User a tool,
to They can change     their Passphrase with a Frontend in PHP.
    The user have to type his passphrase in the webpage PHP, then type the
new and re type     the new one using a friendly Frontend. From PHP using the data typed by
the User, I want to
    execute Gnupg and change the passphrase.
    Before to begin the develop in PHP, I was try to change my passphrase in
DOS mode     giving to Gnupg all data needed in a Command Line (my passphrase, The
new and the new again).
    But, it doesn't work. Allways i've to type inside Gnupg this data.
    I want to change the passphrase from a command line
I hope to be explicit!
Thanks for your advice!!!
-----Mensaje original-----
De: John B [mailto:Yochanon
Enviado el: Lunes, 04 de Agosto de 2003 10:09 p.m.
Para: GnuPG-Users
Asunto: Re: Question from a newbie
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
  The way *I* read your message, it looks like you might as not be using
*any* cryptography. This is similar (I think) to the discussion or the past week
or so about automating these kinds of things in cryptography. It may as well
not be used at all, since you don't want to 'physically' monitor what's
happening with your public and private keys.
  Like I said, I may just be reading your message incorrectly, but that's
what I got out of it.
  John
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2003-08-05 21:06:02
@_author: Aguilera, Luis 
@_subject: I want to change the passphrase from a command line, and Not from 
This is my problem:
I want to change the passphrase from a command line, and Not from inside
I'm developing a software based in webpages with PHP, that will send files
to other applications and that use keys generated with Gnupg to sign this
When the software is installed in a new computer. I'm the person who
generate the keys that will use the New user. I need to give to the User a
tool, to They can change their Passphrase with a Frontend in PHP.
The user have to type his passphrase in the webpage PHP, then type the new
and re type the new one using a friendly Frontend. From PHP using the data
typed by the User, I want to execute Gnupg and change the passphrase.
Before to begin the develop in PHP, I was try to change my passphrase in DOS
mode giving to Gnupg all data needed in a command Line (my passphrase, The
new and the new again).
But, it doesn't work. Allways i've to type inside Gnupg this data.
I want to change the passphrase from a command line
I hope to be explicit!
With this command gnupg turns on the dialog mode.
gnupg --edit-key alejandro passwd
1. Enter passphrase:
2. Enter the new passphrase for this secret key.
    Enter passphrase:
3. Enter the new passphrase for this secret key.
    Repeat passphrase:
4. Save
I Want to change the passphrase without dialog mode:
 gnupg --edit-key alejandro passwd &pepe &toto &toto2
Using &pepe = my passphrase
&toto = the new passphrase
&toto2 = the retype passphrase
Luis Ernesto Aguilera - Analista de Sistemas GERENCIA DE SISTEMAS - CORREO ARGENTINO
