
@_date: 2015-09-29 18:18:05
@_author: Leo Gaspard 
@_subject: Should I be using gpg or gpg2? 
Does that mean long-term confidence in elliptic curves would be better
Does ECC rely on a stronger mathematical basis, or is it just vulnerable
to another kind of George Dantzig?

@_date: 2017-08-18 19:16:03
@_author: Leo Gaspard 
@_subject: Is it possible to certify (sign) a key using a subkey? 
>> In my own and other
people's keyrings and in key servers.
Just for the record, there seem to me like there may be another reason
for separate subkeys for certification, namely the one of security of
the masterkey.
Having a C subkey would allow to keep the masterkey entirely isolated
and to only use a diode to export C subkeys to a ?keysigning machine?,
that would not compromise the masterkey by its compromise. Then, in case
of compromise of the keysigning machine, it'd be possible to revoke the
C subkey and create another one, then re-sign all the previously signed
keys with this new C subkey, all without losing the signatures on the
This is quite different from ?airgapped computers? that use USB drives
to transit to-be-signed keys, as the USB stack in itself (or the
filesystem, or gnupg's certification operation) could be compromised;
the most obvious attack scenario being one based on badusb-like
compromising the key's firmware to make it act like a keyboard typing
the commands required to exfiltrate the masterkey.
Then, it's quite sad if C subkeys aren't widely supported, but I guess
that's another issue (and maybe it should be clearly spelled out in the
RFC whether they must be supported? especially with rfc4880bis in the
works, now could be a good time to choose)

@_date: 2017-02-23 23:38:36
@_author: Leo Gaspard 
@_subject: SHA1 collision found 
I'd like to respectfully disagree on this point. SHA1 is currently
vulnerable only to collision attacks, which means that in order to have
two keys with the same fingerprint they both have to be created by the
same person (up to a random collision). Thus the defendant. And this is
enough to prove that he did sign the contract with the key he claims he
doesn't own.
Is there any flaw in this logic?

@_date: 2017-10-10 18:03:52
@_author: Leo Gaspard 
@_subject: FAQ and GNU 
The occurences of ?Linux? in the FAQ are in the following sentences,
according to a `git grep` in the FAQ directory:
used by the Linux kernel.
This sentence clearly deserves a Linux and not GNU/Linux... regardless
of whether GnuPG is part of the ?GNU operating system? (sorry for the
quotes, it's the first time I hear this phrase) or not.
Clearly Linux and not GNU/Linux once again.
Do we really want to exclude distros based on the Linux kernel but not
on the GNU base utilities, but rather on eg. sbase [1]? I'd say there is
no compelling reason to, so no reason to switch to GNU/Linux here.
The same argument leads me to think there is no reason to switch to
GNU/Linux here again; distros without the GNU userspace don't have an
easier way to install than distros with the GNU userspace as far as I know.
It's already GNU/Linux.
Do Thunderbird, Gnus, Mutt, Kontact, Evolution or Claws-Mail not work on
computers which would have swapped the GNU userland with eg. sbase? If
so, maybe it'd be good to add a note stating that it doesn't work
without GNU tools, but I don't see any reason to exclude
non-GNU-userspace-based Linux distribution from the list, especially
given how FreeBSD is included in there too.
Thus, I'm not in favor of any change to the current FAQ, to replace a
Linux by a GNU/Linux.
[1]

@_date: 2017-10-10 18:05:15
@_author: Leo Gaspard 
@_subject: FAQ and GNU 
So we should call FreeBSD ?GNU/FreeBSD? instead? Sorry, I could not resist.

@_date: 2017-10-10 19:46:28
@_author: Leo Gaspard 
@_subject: FAQ and GNU 
> (where is the FAQ
maintained, btw?  how is one expected to submit
I based my quotes on  ,
directory web/faq, running `git grep Linux`.
Hmm, I was thinking sta.li would have gnupg, but it looks like it
doesn't come embedded. Thanks for noticing!
I would thus like to withdraw this statement, as well as the other one
you pointed out.
That said, I wonder whether the sentence with ?all GNU/Linux distros
feature a suitable GnuPG tool? would make sense at all, given GnuPG is,
as pointed out by Mike, part of the GNU operating system, which would,
if I understand correctly, mean that as soon as the distribution
includes GNU it must include GnuPG? (I may easily be wrong in my
interpretation of ?part of the GNU operating system?) If I'm correct and
this would be a pleonasm, then maybe replacing it with ?most Linux
distros feature a suitable GnuPG tool, with the notable exception of
Android? would make more sense? Then again maybe GNU/Linux would be both
more precise and simpler indeed, despite the pleonasm.
Thanks for the comment!

@_date: 2017-09-10 17:28:08
@_author: Leo Gaspard 
@_subject: [Feature Request] Multiple level subkey 
>> My user case is
simple; maintain my identity even if my master key is
I can think of at least one use case it covers in addition to an offline
masterkey (but that would also be covered by C subkeys): the ability to
sign others? keys without using your masterkey. This would allow to not
have to expose the keysigning device to untrusted data/software/hardware
that would carry the to-be-signed key.
It would also make an offline masterkey much more convenient to use,
given one could just do like it never existed (even for keysigning),
except once the subkeys become compromised -- and at that time, the
recovery operation would be 1/ re-generate subkeys, 2/ re-sign all keys
you had signed with your previous C subkey.
What do you think about this? (maybe I should just raise the issue on
rfc4880bis ML, but as the question arose here?)

@_date: 2017-09-10 18:59:24
@_author: Leo Gaspard 
@_subject: [Feature Request] Multiple level subkey 
Oh yes sorry, I forgot to explain my terminology.
This is the terminology that would be used under your proposal, do I
understand correctly?
What I called C subkeys is based on the terminology for the three major
operations possible with keys under OpenPGP: Certify, Sign and Encrypt
(I seem to remember Authenticate also exists, although I never used it
Certify usually means ?assert something about the owner of some other
key,? Sign means ?assert I have written this content,? and Encrypt means
?make this content only accessible by someone.?
OpenPGP already has Sign and Encrypt (S and E) subkeys, but currently,
as far as I can remember, Certify (C) subkeys are hardly supported.
RFC4880bis ML is the place where the evolutions to RFC4880 (the RFC
describing OpenPGP) are usually discussed, although here is as good a
place as there for a first draft.
The ?C subkeys? proposal would be to allow people to have a subkey with
the Certification capability (that is, allowed to perform this operation
on behalf of the masterkey).
Then, the proposal is close to what you proposed, except there is no
hierarchy of keys: you just have a masterkey, and S, E and C subkeys
directly signed by the masterkey. All these subkeys, when put together,
have all the power the masterkey has -- except the masterkey can revoke
them and issue new ones.
I fear you are going a bit too far in the future. Besides, there is no
need to give the same masterkey to your bank and your smart fridge, as
they will (likely?) not participate in the Web of Trust anyway.
Hmmm... The keyservers also exist and work quite well for public key
publishing and revocation, so I don't get why we would need something
else? It's the de-facto standard.
Then, the company should not run a keyserver, but just sign the keys of
all workers, and check the signature is valid and not revoked on use.
Do you mean not exposing your public identity key or your private
identity key?
If you mean public identity key, then how is the other side of the
contract supposed to ensure you are actually signing as yourself and not
as someone else?
If you mean private identity key, then there is already no need to
expose any private part of any key when signing, as everything happens
on your device and public-key cryptography ensures this property.
I think I sort of get what you are doing, but don't really get the
advantage compared to things already possible with OpenPGP (with C
subkeys), that is:
Master keypair
- Signature keypair (or many such, all revocable)
- Encryption keypair (or many such, all revocable)
 `- Certification keypair (or many such, all revocable)

@_date: 2017-09-10 20:27:33
@_author: Leo Gaspard 
@_subject: [Feature Request] Multiple level subkey 
(you forgot to Cc: the list, I'm Cc-ing back as it doesn't seem
voluntary to me)
By ?masterkey? I meant ?most privileged key? (that is what you call
?identity key?). I'll try to use your terminology henceforth.
I still don't get why you would want amazon and your bank to see the
same identity key. The only point of an identity key is to accumulate
signatures from the WoT, here there is no need of WoT and you could just
say amazon to connect you with one key and to pay with [some private key
you gave the corresponding public key to your bank].
With OpenPGP's revocation signature, that GnuPG gives an ?easy?
interface for?
No, currently you'd just sign the worker's masterkey with the company's
masterkey, and when the worker no longer works here you'd revoke the
previous signature.
Indeed they may want to, but it is not (or maybe ?should not??) be a
critical piece of the infrastructure: current keyserver software is most
likely not as secure as the cryptography underlying signatures is.
Well, you should never expose your private identity key to anyone, or
any other private key linked to you for that matter.
To take back your example with amazon and your bank, there is absolutely
no need that the private key you give amazon is linked to your identity,
it just need correspond to the public key you gave your bank. You could
even not use public-key crypto, and only give the same 128-bit token to
both sides, and it should be enough (though your bank may insist on
public-key cryptography so that they can have a proof that such key
issued such payment order).
If you don't want to access your bank's website, you could just give a
128-bit token signed with your signing key or whatever to amazon
(disclaimer: I'm writing this without thinking about all the security
implications right now, just throwing an idea out in the air).
I think I no longer get what you call masterkey.
It doesn't allow to create other keys on behalf of the masterkey (or at
least that's not how I'm seeing it to work).
It just allows to delegate some more power from the masterkey to the
Currently, you can delegate signing and encryption powers from masterkey
to subkeys. The only operation missing, from what I can tell, is
Certification, that is signing someone else's masterkey to strengthen
the WoT.
That is to mean you can already have a signing subkey per device if you
want to (encryption is a bit harder, but out of the scope of this
discussion if I understood where you're going).

@_date: 2018-01-15 09:14:36
@_author: Leo Gaspard 
@_subject: Remove public key from keyserver (was: Re: Hide UID From Public Key 
>> Since you can never remove
That said, it raises the interesting question of revocation of data on
keyservers (and the associated legal issues in operating keyservers, as
the operator is supposed to comply with requests to remove
personally-identifiable information from it).
I was just thinking, would it be possible to have a tag (a UID with
special meaning, like ?please-remove-me at srs-keyservers.net??) for which
the signature would be verified by the keyserver, and that would cause
it to drop everything from its storage apart from this tag? This way the
?please remove me? tag would just naturally propagate across keyservers,
and all up-to-date-enough keyservers will drop all the data associated
with the key except the tag and the master public key (basically, the
strict minimum to check the said tag).
That said I guess ideas like this have already likely been discussed before?
