
@_date: 2011-04-07 09:49:31
@_author: Kevin 
@_subject: Signing a key (meaning) 
I think you will have a hard time getting a consensus on what exactly
key signing means. To everyone, due diligence means something a little
different. E.G. for my purposes, it is generally sufficient that
I know the person who's key I sign is the one with whom I wish to
communicate. It makes no difference to me what name they go by, provided
it is the one I know them by. That is to say, if my friend, Robby
Parkfield, whom I have known for ten years, has actually been using an
alias all that time, I don't particularly care. It is enough _for my
purposes_ that I know him as Robby Parkfield, and that he is in
control of the key I sign. What other, arbitrary collection of symbols
some government has assigned to the entity I know by an alternative,
arbitrary collection of symbols, "Robby Parkfield", is of no importance
to me. But this also presupposes that I don't especially care who else
uses my signature, or for what purposes, outside my particular circle of
friends and associates (my local web of trust), all of whom presumably
know the entity in question as Robby Parkfield.
Why make that assumption? And even if the key is in the sole possession
of the keyowner at the time you sign it, does your signature guarantee
that the signed key will never be compromised at any time in the future?
If not, then I don't see how the assumption is valid.
What if you have little intention of corresponding directly with said
person? Might exchanging signed keys with him/her nevertheless be of
value in fortifying a web of trust?
I do not follow your reasoning here. How do we know that the keyholder
has access to the email address in the key without looking at it at all
(does sending email to the address in question qualify as "looking at
As recipient of what? The signed key? An encrypted message? As has been
discussed previously on this list, among other places, even the act of
signing a key can reveal _some_ information. If nothing else, it
establishes that you have some kind of relationship with the owner of
the key you signed. It may establish that you an he/she were in a
specific place at a specific time (e.g. a keysigning party), etc. The
words "no information" must be used with great care, because information
leaks out of every pore in even the best crypto-systems. Whether that
information is valuable or useful in some way, to a third party, is
another matter.
I'm not sure one can smuggly declare that there are "no problems" with
signing a key without doing any verification of the email address(es)
contained therein. The email addresses are a substantial part of the
User ID, and if you fail to verify them AT ALL, should you really be
signing the key? This brings us back to my first paragraph: key signing
can mean different things to different people. Perhaps it is enough for
_your purposes_ to ignore the validity of the email addresses, just as I
don't particularly care about government issued forms of ID. However, it
is important to consider whether anyone else may someday view your
signature on the key, and what they might reasonably infer from it.
I'll add:
2.3 Case: Marie wants to send Anna a message. Marie uses an email program, with
GnuPG integration, which automatically selects an encryption key based
on the email address entered into a composed message. Because you have
signed the key which has User ID "Peter Hansen ", and
depending on Marie's trust settings, the message may be encrypted and
sent to that email address, with no further alerts. Peter reads the
message intended for Anna.
In the hypothetical case I present, it is perhaps Marie's fault for not
being more diligent in examining the keys she uses, but I think it is
plausible that a "normal user" might rely on software to automate a task
like that, without paying close attention to what's really going on. However, verifying "ownership" of an email address, vs. simply "access"
is a tricky task, and probably not feasible in all instances. So I'm not
sure how you, as the key signer, could defend against such an attack.

@_date: 2011-04-08 11:46:53
@_author: Kevin 
@_subject: Set key to be default to sign/encrypt 
On Thu, Apr 07, 2011 at 09:10:45PM +0200 Also sprach Csabi:
I think you may just have a problem with your command line syntax.
"gpg -u" expects only the Key ID or fingerprint, NOT the key type
(i.e. drop the 4096R/).
Try the following command line and see if you get better results:
gpg -u 626D791C --detach-sign t.txt

@_date: 2011-04-11 10:10:54
@_author: Kevin 
@_subject: How can i get the fingerprint from the gnupg public file 
Werner answered this question on the list some time ago. The command is:
gpg --with-fingerprint [file_with_key]

@_date: 2011-04-15 08:32:22
@_author: Kevin 
@_subject: Question regarding the migration of the pgp keyring to gpg 
Have you tried just importing the PGP keyring file itself? I'm not sure
about PGP 6.x, but for a PGP 10.x generated keyring, the command
gpg --import PGP\ Public\ Keyring.pkr
appears to work for me, skipping the export step altogether.

@_date: 2011-04-27 13:25:55
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: Updating signature cert-level 
On Wed, Apr 27, 2011 at 08:59:49AM -0400 Also sprach David Shaw:
This is the first I have heard of any implementation of the cert level,
whatsoever. Until now, I have never heard of any software using the cert
level in any practical way. That's why, as a previous reply mentioned,
you may want to ask yourself if it's worth the bother.

@_date: 2011-02-15 21:22:29
@_author: Lists.gnupg@mephisto.fastmail.net 
@_subject: Help with OpenPGP plugin in Mozilla Thunderbird and Claws Mail 
There is a distinction I believe you are missing; please feel free to
admonish me if I am oversimplifying things, however:
The Key ID is not the entire key pair; it merely represents the key
pair. It is a unique name for your key pair, if you would like to think
of it that way.
When you give someone your Key ID, you are not literally giving them any
part of your Secret or Public key--you are merely giving them a
convenient way to reference it. The actual public key can be quite long,
and inconvenient to read out to someone, or jot down on the back of a
cocktail napkin, so we have these Key IDs to use as short-hand.
If you have your public key published somewhere, such as on a key
server, the Key ID is a way for other people to unambiguously look up
the full key. If you have more than one key pair (e.g. one for personal
use, and one for work), the Key ID of each key pair (which will be
unique to each) is a way to tell them apart on such a key server, or
within your own keychain.
Note, however, that only giving someone your Key ID does not help them
to encrypt messages to you, or verify your signature, if they do not
have someplace to access the actual key (like a public key server). It
just helps them look up your individual key if it is in such a place.
Generally speaking, good OpenPGP implementations (like GnuPG) will
require that you explicitly state you want to export your _Secret_ key
before they will ever spit it out (e.g. "gpg --export-secret-keys" is
pretty obvious). Under all other circumstances, when you issue a command
to export a key, it will release only the public part of the key pair.
Hope this helps,

@_date: 2011-02-19 09:53:50
@_author: Lists.gnupg@mephisto.fastmail.net 
@_subject: Some SHA-2 news 
I found this linked from slashdot; I thought some readers of this list
might find it interesting:
Think we'll see this included one day in OpenPGP, or will we just skip
to SHA-3 when it's ready?

@_date: 2011-02-20 17:06:01
@_author: Lists.gnupg@mephisto.fastmail.net 
@_subject: Some SHA-2 news 
On Sun, Feb 20, 2011 at 07:19:15AM -0500 Also sprach Jerry:
I can't really see much downside, except, as has been noted, a possible
lack of demand. I don't believe security is affected one way or the
other. It's just a matter of a slight performance improvement on certain
hardware. With SHA-3 so close on the horizon, though, I find it doubtful
that a minor re-working of SHA-2 would gather much adoption.
It somewhat surprises me, even, that NIST bothered with it. I suppose
someone, somewhere, must be saying "the SHA-2s are great, but they're
too slow..."  or why would anyone have put the work in to extend the
standard, as has been done? I think understanding this was the
motivation for my original post.

@_date: 2011-03-01 09:06:11
@_author: Lists.gnupg@mephisto.fastmail.net 
@_subject: Smart Card Physical Best Practices? 
If you are concerned with the insertion-limited lifetime, and with other
possible kinds of damage to the smart card itself, perhaps you should
consider getting one of the versions with the SIM removal option.
Pop the chip out of the card and put it inside one of those USB tokens
that take them. Then the SIM itself is always (at least partially)
protected inside a casing, and the insertion problem is offloaded onto
the USB mechanism (which is more expendable). If the USB token fails
eventually, take the SIM out and put it in a new one; you may have been
using it for years by then, but your effective insertion count is 2.
As an added bonus, you may use your OpenPGP card on any computer with a
USB port, without needing a separate card reader available.

@_date: 2011-03-01 09:34:52
@_author: Lists.gnupg@mephisto.fastmail.net 
@_subject: Why do we use a different key to sign than to encrypt 
This may not be the whole story, but I did manage to find this:

@_date: 2011-03-03 10:28:09
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: OpenPGP Card source 
Is the source code that lives in the OpenPGP card, v2.0, as implemented
in the Kernel Concepts/Zeitcontrol version, available anywhere for
I have looked on their respective websites, as well as g10 code and the
gnupg ftp server, but have not seen any obvious path to it (and I am
assuming it would be obvious, since it is presumably in BASIC where
almost everything else is in C).
Thanks for pointing me in the right direction.

@_date: 2011-03-22 10:19:56
@_author: Lists.gnupg@mephisto.fastmail.net 
@_subject: what are the sub keys 
I agree that 4096 may seem like overkill, but I think the recommendation
to max out one's RSA key size is defensible. Here's why:
1. Modern computers are fast; it costs us almost nothing in terms of
    computation time to use a 4096-bit key.
2. Modern computers are fast, and getting faster all the time; remember
    that your security margin may need to be good not just today, but
    against all the attacks that are possible in the future, for as long
    as your data needs to remain secure (decades, for some people). Once
    upon a time, 1024-bit keys were considered perfectly adequate; most
    experts urge against generating keys today with that strength.
I agree that an awful lot of fuss is made over key length, sometimes to
the exclusion of other, much more likely attack vectors. However, until
someone describes for me a compelling reason NOT to bump key length up
to 4096, my view remains: "Why not?"
Special case, relating to this thread's original question:
Some software which is designed to interface with GnuPG, or otherwise
implement PGP keys, may not support arbitrary key lengths.
E.G. Evolution used to have a 160-bit hash hard-coded into it's gnupg
integration (it may still--I haven't used Evolution in a while), which
meant that to remain DSS-compliant, you could only sign email with a
1024-bit DSA key. DSA-2 keys could not be supported directly by
Evolution. You could circumvent the key-stregth limit by using an RSA
key as long as you liked. However, in cases when a particular piece of
software may require use of a key which does not meet your general-use
criteria, for whatever reason, generating a sub-key which meets the
requirements can allow you to use the specific feature you need, while
still enabling you to use other sub-keys for less restrictive

@_date: 2011-03-22 15:43:23
@_author: Lists.gnupg@mephisto.fastmail.net 
@_subject: what are the sub keys 
On Tue, Mar 22, 2011 at 08:28:57AM -0700 Also sprach Robert J. Hansen:
I agree that "Why Not?" by itself is not an argument in favor of doing
something, unless it is balanced by a "Why?" So, one can compare the pros and cons of using a longer key, with some
items ending up in the "Why do it" column, and some ending up in "Why not."
My point is that in the "Why use 4096-bit RSA?" column, we have a few
items, including a much longer lifetime for the key and encrypted data,
as factoring attacks get better in the future (they never get worse),
whereas in the "why not" column, we have--so far as I can see--nothing
(apart from special usage scenarios, as I exeplified above).
There is a greater margin of security in a 4096-bit key over a 2048-bit
key (all other factors being equal), even if it is only theoretical. Sure, there are other, more important security considerations; perhaps
not in spite of them, but because of them, one can say "Use the maximum
key length supported, and move on to more important considerations."

@_date: 2011-03-24 10:26:03
@_author: Lists.gnupg@mephisto.fastmail.net 
@_subject: what are the sub keys 
On Wed, Mar 23, 2011 at 10:58:38PM +0100 Also sprach Ingo Kl?cker:
I cannot resist offering the following quote from Neil Stephenson's
Cryptonomicon, which makes a similar observation:

@_date: 2011-05-02 14:49:01
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: Conditional options directives 
I think this post falls under the heading of "Feature Request," unless someone already knows how to accomplish the following.
I think it would be useful if there was a way to format the GnuPG options file to conditionally apply options, depending on the key used (or potentially, depending upon the values of other variables, though key or user ID seem to be the most likely candidates).
Let us suppose that we have more than one private key on our keychain. For this example, let's say we use one key to sign our personal email, and a different one to sign software packages we host on a company server. There may be settings in our gpg.conf file which should be different depending on the key we are using at the time. E.G. different URLs for retrieving keys, different comments, etc. This could be accomplished by saving different configuration files and specifying which one you want to use for any given operation with the --options flag, but wouldn't it be nice if the process could be automated? Not just nice, but much easier for other programs which interface with GnuPG, such as a mail plugin, for which there may be no convenient way to pass command line options.
So, what I am thinking of is semantically a little like a pre-processor directive...
 (keyID == 123456)
      /* Use these options */
 (keyID == 789abc)
      /* Use some different options */
      /* Fall back to a default set of options */
Obviously it wouldn't look like that in the gpg.conf file, but the model of conditional compilation gets the point accross (I hope).
Does anyone agree with me that this would be a good idea, or am I just crazy? Better yet, does anyone already implement some kind of conditional options parsing, using a technique which hasn't occured to me?

@_date: 2011-05-06 09:01:47
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: I'm looking for a very beginnerfriendly gpg 
It would help if we knew what platform you're on (Linux? Mac? Windows?).

@_date: 2011-05-10 09:01:12
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: PGP Help Require Basic 
Have you considered reading the GnuPG user guide? The user guide
contains detailed instructions on how to use GnuPG, and is available in
several languages:

@_date: 2012-07-26 15:34:45
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: Mac OS X 10.8 and OpenPGP Cards 
Well, the inevitable has happened, again.
I just upgraded from Mac OS X 10.7 to 10.8, and my ZeitControl cards,
which were formerly working perfectly, are now inaccessible. ~ $ gpg2 --card-status
gpg: selecting openpgp failed: Card error
gpg: OpenPGP card not available: Card error
Since I haven't had a lot more luck with using them on Fedora 17 either,
which is what I'm running at home, it looks like I'm in a bit of a bind.
This is what I get for being an "early adopter."

@_date: 2012-07-27 14:12:56
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: Mac OS X 10.8 and OpenPGP Cards 
It has been so long since I had to mess with it (on my mac anyway) that
I don't remember.  Which libraries do you mean?  It might jog my memory,
or at least I can look to see if they're installed.  I can say that up
until yesterday, the libraries, daemons, etc, that were in place were
fully functional.

@_date: 2012-07-29 17:06:49
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: Mac OS X 10.8 and OpenPGP Cards 
On Fri, Jul 27, 2012 at 08:45:51PM +0200 Also sprach Richard H?chenberger:
My recollection is that I have never had to either, and Gemalto's own
site indicates that, at least through 10.7 (they don't have any
information posted on 10.8 yet), OS X has built-in support for their
card readers.
However, all this talk of libraries would seem to be barking up the
wrong tree.  I don't really think it is a lack of libraries or drivers
that is the problem.  I have noted that the card works somewhat under
certain circumstances.  Most notably, GnuPG 1.x appears to be able to
access the card.  Problems crop up with GnuPG 2, gpgme, and gpg-agent. I don't see how any application would be able to access the card at all
if the libraries/drivers were not in place.

@_date: 2012-07-31 08:44:31
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: Mac OS X 10.8 and OpenPGP Cards 
Application sandboxing is now mandatory only for applications installed
through the Mac App Store;  applications installed by the root user (or
equivalent) outside of Apple's "official" channels still have free reign
over the whole system, as they always did.
While the information and link quoted above will almost certainly be
helpful for some people with Apple Mail/GPGTools problems, there is
definitely more going on in my case.  For one thing, the problems I have
observed with GnuPG 2.x are present outside of any mail agent, or other
application calling gpg2 (i.e. gpg2 --card-status does not work from the
command line--no mail involved).  Aside from that, I typically
sign/encrypt messages from Mutt, not Apple Mail, so the sandbox is
unlikely to effect me in the near future anyway.
Since I have discovered that GnuPG 1 is mostly usable with my cards at
this point, I will try to soldier on with that, but it's annoying that
GnuPG 2, which was working fine previously, is suddenly such a mess due
to this update.

@_date: 2012-06-04 12:35:25
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: FAQ, take two 
Thanks for taking the time to write this;  here are a few minor points
I have elected to comment on:
Section 2.6:  For Solaris 11, gnupg is also available via the default
IPS publisher.  The version Oracle provides is 2.0.17 vs 2.0.18 from
OpenCSW, but it is worth mentioning as it may satisfy parties who are
unwilling (or unable) to install via 3rd-party software sources.
Section 4.11  Should almost certainly mention GnuPG integration with
Evolution, which is still the default Gnome email client on many *nix
Also, for Mutt, I believe I can help with some of the "FIXME"s:
Plugin? None required, provided both Mutt and GnuPG are installed properly.
Supports GnuPG versions: 1.4 and 2.0
Supports pgp/mime? Yes
Actively developed? Yes (though the "stable" version is only updated
very infrequently, the project's CVS repo is still seeing activity).
Project blurb: Mutt's GnuPG interoperability is good, but it may
require extensive manual configuration for it to work properly (but if
you're using Mutt, you already know that). See
 for configuration details.
General comment:  For users completely new to GnuPG (and encryption in
general), the use of the related terms "certificate" and "key"
throughout the FAQ may be confusing.  Questions like "What's a
certificate?" "What's a key?" and "What's the difference?" may deserve
an explanation someplace.  A good place might be in the "Terminology"
section, which itself should perhaps appear earlier in the FAQ.

@_date: 2012-06-04 13:16:46
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: no password needed to export secret-keys? 
On Mon, Jun 04, 2012 at 11:57:02AM -0400 Also sprach Sam Smith:
The security lies in the fact that the key you are exporting and
importing is itself encrypted.  It is encrypted where it resides on
your keychain, it is encrypted in the file you export, and it is
still encrypted when you import it into another keychain.
Adding a password requirement to --export-secret-keys would add a very
marginal degree of security, because, as has been noted, anyone with
access to your user account on the computer which hosts your keychain
(i.e. someone who could presumably run gpg --export-secret-keys on
your keychain) could just as easily cp the whole darn keychain; they
STILL would not be able to use your key to sign or decrypt without
knowing the passphrase of the key.  The export command really just
provides you with a convenient method of copying a specific key or
keys from your keychain, instead of the whole thing.  It is almost impossible (or at least not practical) to prevent someone
with physical access to your computer from exporting or copying key
data which is stored on your hard disk, so the key is always stored in
encrypted form, so that even if it is copied, it cannot be used sans
passphrase.  If you are truly concerned about preventing the
possibility that even your encrypted private keys may be copied,
consider a solution such as the OpenPGP card, from which it is
practically infeasible to export the keys at all.

@_date: 2012-06-04 15:35:49
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: FAQ, take two 
On Mon, Jun 04, 2012 at 02:08:52PM -0400 Also sprach Robert J. Hansen:
IPS is the "Image Packaging System," or simply, the new way that
Solaris 11 is managing software distribution.  In IPS-speak, a
"publisher" is what might be the equivalent of a Linux repository.
Solaris 11 installs the default publisher, pkg.oracle.com, which
offers GnuPG 2.0.17 as of this writing.  That is to say, GnuPG is in
the repo, though I'm not sure if it's installed by default or not.
However, to install it, one would type (as root, or equivalent):
pkg install gnupg
So, as you can see, "pkg" is the IPS equivalent of "yum" or "apt-get"
or what have you.
I would write "a sentence or two explaining this (preferably in the
same general format/wording as the other sections)," but upon review
of your recent edits to the FAQ, what you have there now looks at
least as consistent in detail as the comments for the other OSes, so I
would just leave it as it is.  You might want to explicitly state that
OpenCSW also works with Solaris 10 (and earlier?), since the bullet
item begins with "Solaris 11" and makes no mention of other versions.
While trying to find answers to these questions via the Gnome
Evolution online documentation, I failed to find any useful answers,
but I did find the following, misleading information at "Key servers store your public keys for you so that your friends can
decrypt your messages."
Yikes!  That's not what they're for at all!  At least, that's not how
I would have phrased it--it sounds like putting your public keys on a
keyserver exposes all your encrypted messages to decryption, or am I
just reading that strangely?  Maybe while we're in the process of
updating documentation, someone should file a bug report against that
page (assuming I'm not crazy).
Oh, and I do have access to a very recent Evolution when I get home,
so I suppose I can check these things out (inline signing and GnuPG
version compatibility) when I get there.

@_date: 2012-06-05 09:24:35
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: FAQ, take two 
On Mon, Jun 04, 2012 at 09:11:13PM +0200 Also sprach Werner Koch:
Apparently so does Red Hat/Fedora; the mutt package in the repos has
this feature included.  The default MacPorts configuration, however,
did not; I had to recompile (which was easy using the port command).
I don't know if this is a coincidence or not, but I will mention that
for the first time in a long while, Mutt segfaulted when I tried to
open a message on the gnupg mailing list... presumably when it tried
to call gnupg to do an automatic signature verification?  Other
signatures have verified fine since I switched to using gpgme; I'm
hoping this will prove to be an isolated incident, related to the
structure of that one signature (it does it every time I try to open
that message).
In any case, thanks for the tip.

@_date: 2012-06-18 10:00:28
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: GPG with GPUs 
If he's currently running on hardware later than Ivy Bridge, then he's
either an Intel engineer or a time traveler, and in either case would
probably not need help sorting out hardware features :P

@_date: 2012-06-25 11:08:23
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: private key protection 
On Tue, Oct 18, 2011 at 09:15:14AM -0400 Also sprach Mark H. Wood:
Eventually being...  the age of the Earth?  Provided one's private key
is protected by a suitably "good" passphrase, then the problem of
cracking the symmetric encryption used to protect the private key is
comparable to the problem of cracking an encrypted message's session
key. That is to say, if an attacker has the resources to break the
encryption used to protect a private key, in a practical span of time,
that implies that they can apply the same techniques to reading your
encrypted messages without the private key, which makes stealing it
less than essential.

@_date: 2012-05-19 22:45:16
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: Card fails to decrypt using 4096-bit key 
I have seen a few other threads started on this problem I have just
encountered, or similar subjects, most notably one some months ago by
Edmond [at] systemli.  However, I never saw a resolution posted, and I
believe I have more data to work with.
I have been using the ZeitControl OpenPGP cards for a few years now.
I have my primary keys on a v2.0 card, and they have been working fine
(for the most part).  These are 3072 bit keys.
I recently learned of the support for 4096 bit keys on cards, added
with GnuPG 2.0.18, and since I had an extra, blank card laying around,
I decided to experiment with it.  I started by updating to the latest
version of GnuPG (2.0.19 as of this writing) which I downloaded in
source form from ftp.gnupg.org.  The source compiled without any
problems, and I verified that the installed binaries worked with my
existing keys and cards.  This is on Mac OS 10.7.4.
On my spare OpenPGP card, I generated a 4096 bit cert/signing key, a
4096 bit encryption key, and a 2048 bit authorization key.  All of the
keys were generated on the card itself.  No errors were reported
during the key generation process.
The 4096 bit signing key works perfectly.  I have signed with it many
times, and the signatures verify properly.  Likewise, the auth key
works for SSH logon, though it is a 2048 bit key.
However, whenever I try to decrypt a document encrypted to the
4096 bit encryption key on the card, the decryption process fails to
even begin, with an error like the following:
This is essentially the same error that Edmond described.  I realize
it looks as though the private key (or rather, its stub, as it was
generated on the card and never left) is not on my keychain, but I can
assure you that is not the case.  gpg -K shows the private key, and
examining it in reasonable detail with gpg --edit-key shows no
discrepancies either.
Since the 4096 bit size of the key is a new variable, I decided to
destroy the keys, and try to generate and test new keys of varying
strength on the card.  To summarize, here are my findings:
It is also worth noting that my results are the same using two
different card readers: SCM and Gemalto.  I have not had the
opportunity to test with an entirely different computer/OS.
It's not really important to me to use 4096 bit keys vs. 3072;  but if
I understood the release notes for v2.0.18+ this should work, correct?

@_date: 2012-05-20 21:07:11
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: how to use samrtcard with PC/SC cardreader 
I don't personally have much experience with using GnuPG on the
Windows platform, but I can say with reasonable confidence that
--disable-ccid is not a gpg option.  On Unix/Linux, that option is for
scdaemon, a component which is installed with GnuPG 2.0.x and which
manages the smart card interface.  Typically to use that option you
would put "disable-ccid" into your scdaemon.conf file, as scdaemon is
rarely launched by the user directly.
I'm sure someone with gpg4win xperience will be along shortly to be of
more help.

@_date: 2012-05-22 14:46:03
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: Some people say longer keys are silly. I think they should be 
On Tue, May 22, 2012 at 08:26:14PM +0200 Also sprach Hauke Laging:
Honestly now, do you think having a FAQ entry stops this topic
resurrecting every few months?  Either someone will take issue with
what is said in the FAQ, or they (most likely) do not read it at all.

@_date: 2012-05-23 14:28:18
@_author: Kevin Kammer 
@_subject: Draft of nine new FAQ questions 
I believe these nine "new" FAQ entries are to be added to the existing
entries to provide additional information regarding keysizes
specifically.  They are not comprehensive, and general discussion of
GnuPG and its purpose is covered in the existing FAQ.

@_date: 2013-04-08 12:10:01
@_author: Kevin 
@_subject: Create subkey that will expire in 10 hours 
I *really* hope we have all the relevant systems patched by 2038, though
it's something of a testament to *nix stability that anyone seriously
considers the possibility that obsolete servers will still be up then.

@_date: 2013-04-08 12:14:47
@_author: Kevin 
@_subject: The Lord of the Keys 
Forgive me if this answer seems too simplistic--perhaps I am missing
something--but would it be possible to make your SSH authentication keys
subkeys of the same master/signing key?  Then, when you unlock the
master key, all the sub-keys should unlock with it (with one password).

@_date: 2013-04-08 11:45:32
@_author: Kevin 
@_subject: A PC user unfamiliar with any free software would like to send 
There isn't really a one-click solution to secure encryption and
privacy.  This is because, by the very nature of such an endeavor as
protecting your data, email, communications, etc, you take on the
ultimate responsibility to ensure the system works to your requirements.
By over-simplifying the process, we would end up with a result that is
perhaps more convenient, but likely less secure.  There have been, and
continue to be, efforts to simplify the deployment of secure encryption
solutions, but debates continue (sometimes on this list--see the
history) about how to accomplish such a feat while maintaining the
integrity of the system's underlying security (its raison d'etre). You therefore owe it to yourself, and to your colleague, to spend a
little time at the outset, climbing the learning curve, to understand at
least the basics of how GnuPG works, and therefore how to employ it at a
level of security which meets your needs.  By "how GnuPG works," I don't
mean you need to be able to debug the code, but at the very least you
should understand the basic principles behind encryption, signing, key
fingerprints, etc.  Once you understand how it works, making it work
will actually seem easier, since you'll know the reason for what you're
doing as you use GnuPG, instead of just rehearsing a bunch of rote actions.
Since you mention that your friend has no experience with "any free
software," I will assume he is not running a free OS like GNU/Linux,
FreeBSD, etc.  It would help if you could provide more information on
your environment, but under the circumstances I am going to take a
statistical leap of faith and assume you are on Windows.  Ergo, the
following site should provide the software and guides you need to get
The downloads available through the gpg4win project include GUI tools,
so you will probably not need to get your hands dirty in the command
line. Although the GNU Privacy Handbook is more geared toward *nix
deployments, I would also recommend you read through the sections that
have general applicability, to further your knowledge of encryption:
(These are English language links, but please note other languages are
