
@_date: 2009-08-19 11:37:05
@_author: Aaron 
@_subject: gpg-agent wants to go online 
Hi, everybody!
I've recently switched over (by way of gpg4win) to GPG 2.0.12 and
there's one thing I'm wondering: When I start gpg, my firewall asks me
if I want to allow gpg-agent to connect to the network. Being one of
those strange people who prefer it when his programs aren't online
unnecessarily, I've been looking for reasons why gpg-agent wants this
At first I figured it would connect to a keyserver, but it seems there
is another program for that.
So, if it an update process or something?

@_date: 2010-03-15 17:17:08
@_author: Aaron Berthold 
@_subject: Portable GnuPG? (Ideally with portable TB+Enigmail) 
Hi everybody!
I've been using GnuPG for a while now (The 1.x branch in combination
with TB and Enigmail, to be precise.) and have been very happy with it,
happy enough that I keep trying to "convert" people, running little
informal workshops showing my friends and aquaintances the basics of
encryption and how to use it.
One barrier so far is that people sometimes are hesistant to install a
bunch of stuff just to check something out, especially when it's
something "weird", like crypto.
So I've been thinking that a portable version, complete with TV,
Enigmail and trustdb/pubring/secring files safed on a flash drive would
be useful, as I could just show people how it worked right on their own
pcs without much installation or configuration.
Sadly, I'm not skilled enough to do this myself and my online search has
only found something like  , which
didn't work when I tried it. (Installed it using the instruction at the
link, Enigmail didn't find the portable gnupg version. -_-'')
So, have I missed anything that's already out there or am I out of luck?

@_date: 2010-03-15 22:24:57
@_author: Aaron Berthold 
@_subject: Portable GnuPG? (Ideally with portable TB+Enigmail) 
Thanks, I'll try that one. (Weird that I didn't find it. Huh...)
Yeah, getting copies of your private keys on untrusted pcs (and entering
the passphrase there) is a Bad Idea. I'll probably make a zipped "blank
package", with TB/Enigmail/Gnupg installed but without keys or anything,
to show keygen, importing etc. So I could extract the prepared package,
show my stuff and then just delete the whole thing and start from from
the fresh package on the next computer. (Although, ideally, people would
say "Wow, that's awesome!" and just keep using the programs. ^_^ )

@_date: 2010-11-24 12:35:06
@_author: Aaron Berthold 
@_subject: Organizing groups of Keys 
In the last few months, I've become comfortable enough with GnuPG (using
TB+Enigmail) for personal, small scale use but there are a couple of use
cases I've yet to find good solutions to. I figured the people here on
the List would know. ^_^
The basic issue is organizing the keys in my pubkey list, really. By
default, all my key are there in one long list. I can search for them
and I can order them by various criteria, but I wonder if there was a
way to bunch keys together in groups, so that, for example, the keys of
all my work buddies is in one group, all students keys in a second and
so on.
Is there a way to do this?
Alternatively, is there a way to work with multiple-but-distinct
keyrings without manually renaming the files and restarting the software
when you want to switch? So I could have a keyring for work, one for
study, etc.
Assuming these are not possible, what are the alternative ways to easily
manipulate large numbers of keys? I plan to organize a small (and
hopefully later a larger) keysigning event for university, so I expect
to get a whole bunch of keys that need to be imported into my keyring,
exported into a keyring that people can download and import, turned into
a list of participants with key data included so that people can compare
and check them off at the event, and so on.
Stuff like importing and exporting the keys can be adequately done in
Enigmails GUI, but I'm sure there are easier and faster ways to do this
in the command line. Also, some of that, like making the list of
participating keys for people seems to call for a lot of manual
copy-pasting, which I hope to evade.
Thanks in advance,

@_date: 2010-11-24 14:46:21
@_author: Aaron Berthold 
@_subject: Organizing groups of Keys 
Hmmm, while it's a nicely fast GUI, it doesn't really seem to do what i
need. (Or at least I haven't found out how. So far it seems like a
normal GPG frontend like GPA.
Oh, that's usefull, so I could specify two pubkey files and both would
be used normally at the same time? How does importing keys and other
operations interact here? Will they go into the "default" keyring, can I
specify what files it should go into, etc.
I'm only just learning how to program, so that's out of my league so
far. (But defenitly something I plan to look into in the future.)
Installed wotsap and signing-party and will check them out. jetsap
sounds like it's a bit beyond what I need, as a full-fledged communal
editing/changeset system seems rather overkill for me alone.
Thanks a lot!
