
@_date: 2017-07-11 09:44:48
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
I am not sure if this is an intentional limitation of the cards (to
prevent users from choosing idiotic pins like 1234 or their birthday).
I recently had a talk with one of my banks because they didn't even
allow changing the web password (for access to online banking) to
something being longer than 5 alphanumeric digits (!!!).
Although (in my case) the subject of the talk was the web password, the
following applies to the card pin as well.
- Usually, you are receiving the card's pin by postal mail. It is
consensus here in Germany that postal mail is highly trustworthy and
that the so called "Briefgeheimnis" is obeyed very carefully. The legal
hurdles for opening a letter during transport are still very high.
- Additionally, you are usually receiving the pins in a special envelope
which (AFAIK) makes it very difficult to read the letter's content
without opening it, even by advanced means (X-ray and the like). In many
cases, the pin is even more secured (metal coating).
I (personally) consider receiving pins that way safe.
But the key point in the bank's argumentation was (applies to pins as
well as to my online banking access):
- If somebody tries to brute force the pin (or online banking password),
the access will be permanently denied if there are more than 3 failures
(the exact number may vary). That means that the length of the pin /
password is not as important as one might think, because it is
practically impossible to brute force a 4 digit pin with only 3 tries.
I know that the chance for guessing 4 digits within 3 tries is higher
than guessing 6 digits, but obviously, most banks are considering 4
digits safe enough.
Furthermore, if you are really hacked and lose money because of this,
the bank will compensate your loss provided that you did not behave like
an idiot (i.e. if you did not note the pin on a piece of paper, attached
that piece of paper to your card and then lost both of them). At least,
they did so in all cases I know about, despite of the fact that the
respective customer (of course) could not *prove* at a technical level
how the hacking worked. As long as the customer could demonstrate
credibly that he had not done any very silly mistake, the bank compensated.
Due to all reasons mentioned above, I (personally) think that you should
not be concerned by the length of the pin, the fact that you can't
change it, and the way you receive it.
Now, this is a completely different question which does not have to do
anything with the pin's length. The answer to this question completely
depends on your environment and your intentions. I will explain this by
two examples with contrary conclusions:
Example 1:
You always forget that pin of your EC card. Therefore, you write it down
to a piece of paper and put it into your wallet besides your EC card.
Well, as said above, this obviously would be the most silly thing you
could do. No bank will compensate you if you lose your wallet (with the
card and its pin) and if somebody then steals your money.
So you think about it and come to a better idea. You could store the pin
on your smart phone. This indeed is better - hopefully you won't lose
your smart phone and your banking card at the same time. But there is
still a small chance that you do.
You think again and finally have a good idea. You install a password
safe app on your smart phone which locally stores all pins and passwords
with strong encryption. You operate that app with great discipline: You
choose a long, weird master password which you must enter to open the
password safe where the pin is stored. You open the safe only when
needed, and you close it immediately when done, and you don't let the
app (or OS) cache the master password.
(Note: Of course, you MUST NOT write the master password on a piece of
paper and attach that paper to your smart phone ...)
So, in this example, carrying a piece of paper with you where the pin is
noted is a very bad idea, but carrying that pin with you on your smart
phone is a good idea provided that the pin is stored there in a heavily
encrypted password safe and provided that you operate that safe with
some discipline. You still have to memorize that safe's master password,
but this is a one time thing, and you then could store all other
passwords and pins in that safe.
Example 2:
On your desktop PC, you are using the internet excessively, and you are
afraid that some Trojan horse / keylogger will be able to get on your PC
(given the latest ransomware attacks, this obviously is a real threat
even when you are running an up-to-date virus protection).
In this case, using a password safe software won't protect you. The
Trojan horse / keylogger could be able to intercept all your keystrokes,
including your master password for the password safe. If you don't use a
password safe and just store the passwords in an unencrypted text file
(perhaps because you are the only person who physically has access to
the PC in question), a Trojan horse will be able to read all your
passwords even without intercepting keystrokes.
So, in this case, it obviously would be better to write down your
passwords on a sheet of paper provided you can store that paper in a
place where only you have access to (for example, some secret place in
your private apartment).
recommendation which fits all cases.
And there is one more very important thing most people don't think of:
What happens if you have an accident or if you die? Your heirs will have
all sorts of troubles if something happens to you and they can't access
your electronic accounts because they don't have the passwords.
So I tend to write down at least my master password on a sheet of paper,
put that in a sealed envelope and give it to a relative who I highly
trust. In case I die, they open the envelope, have the master password
for my password safe and can use that to open the access to all my
accounts. Alternatively, you could have some relative you trust memorize
your master password. But since he won't use it regularly (hopefully),
he probably will forget it after short time ...

@_date: 2017-07-11 12:32:56
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
I am not completely sure if I got you right. Wouldn't that mean that I
have to lose my card, the bad person then makes two guesses, then I get
back my card and enter my correct pin, then I lose my card again, and
the same bad person finds it again and makes another two guesses, then I
get my card back again and so on?
This is practically impossible (unless I have missed something obvious).
How could the correct pin be entered and the counter be reset if I
didn't get the card back?
Or did you refer to an adversary who copied the card? In that case, he
still would have to know when I actually have entered the correct pin
(which would mean that he permanently had to observe me) to start his
next two tries.
Furthermore, people usually call their bank to make their card invalid
as soon as they notice they have lost it. This means that they usually
won't enter the correct pin again after having lost the card.
The only way to abuse the fail counter reset feature would be to steal
the card, to copy it and to return it to its owner, and to do this in a
way that the owner would not notice it. But again, the adversary would
then still have to observe the card owner to see when the counter is
reset and to start his next tries.
I already have seen cases where it was not that easy in Germany.
Usually, presenting a death certificate to the bank is not enough. I
have seen that the bank had to make sure that the people presenting the
death certificate actually were the legal heirs. That meant that those
people had to acquire all sorts of documents from all sorts of
authorities which has been very expensive (several hundreds of EUR), but
more important, was very unpleasant and time consuming, especially in
the situation they were.
AFAIK, there is only one thing you could do to avoid that hassle: The
testator and the heirs should make a contract of inheritance. Such a
contract must be made by a notary, so this will also have its cost, but
when you present such a contract to the bank (in addition to the death
certificate), you will have no problems.
But now, being a German citizen, try the same thing with eBay, Facebook,
LinkedIn, PayPal and so on ... no thanks.
Nice ideas :-) My own security needs are not that high, though (hoping
that life won't punish me for that optimism).
To add to it, if you mistrust your relatives, you could put the password
on paper into some sort of lock box and carry the key to that lock box
with you. But then what would happen if you lost that key?

@_date: 2017-07-11 15:32:20
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
Interestingly enough, this subject is becoming more and more important.
I think I can remember that there are first tries in some countries (or
the EU?) to make respective laws. At least, I am sure that there already
were lawsuits where heirs have tried to get hold of accounts of somebody
who passed away (in the case I can remember, a facebook account has been
subject of the lawsuit, but I can't remember right now how it ended).
IMHO, there are many reasons why this should be possible, so I would
appreciate if there were such laws. I don't want this thread to become
too off-topic, so I won't elaborate on this in a fashion this complex
subject deserves, but just give one pragmatic example:
Let's suppose somebody offers something on eBay and then passes away.
Let's suppose that somebody else wins that auction and immediately pays
via PayPal. Now what?
There may be means to solve such situations, but they usually cost lots
of time, money or nerves, and this has been just a simple example. If we
think a while about it, we surely will find a constellation where it
would be quite catastrophic if an account holder's heirs couldn't get
hold of his accounts.
You are right, burglary is a real threat. But if you have memorized your
master password and don't keep it on paper in your own apartment /
house, but just give it on paper to a relative, the burglar will have to
steal the paper from your relative and at the same time steal your PC
(or banking card) from you to make anything out of it.
Therefore, I have no problem with giving the password on paper to a
relative who lives some km away from me. I would never keep the password
on paper in the same room (or even building) as the PC or banking card,
though, and as soon as either the PC (or banking card) or the password
paper would be stolen, I would immediately change the password (and hand
the new one out on paper to my relative).
Actually, I was thinking about a lock box in a bank or such things ...

@_date: 2017-07-11 16:29:51
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
You are right, but experience tells us (no, not us, but the banks) that
people won't think about it. I have no doubt that people like you and me
would choose a secure pin, but from a bank's point of view, most people
would choose pins like 1234 or their birthday.
It might be only a matter of time until there is the first case of a
bank refusing to compensate a customer because his pin was his birthday.
This is a good point as long as we are discussing only banking card
pins. My examples were more general (an electronic password safe will
store all sorts of other secrets / web passwords). Since the OP had
asked about banking card pins, I eventually should have restricted my
answers to that.
On the other hand, I can image a bunch of cases where somebody would
like to take web passwords (and not only banking card pins) along when
going out (e.g. doing web based email in an internet cafe during
vacation). In such cases, I think there is no reason why the pins
shouldn't be stored in the password safe as well.
Thinking about your use case, I am not sure if I would try to make all
pins the same, given the fact that nowadays skimming is the main problem
(and not stealing and trying to brute-force). I am not sure if banks
will compensate if something very bad happens and all four of your
accounts get emptied when the respective cards have the same pin.
Probably most banks disallow this in their terms of service (AGBs).
After all, you don't use the same password for your eBay, Facebook and
Paypal account, do you (unfair question, because those accounts won't be
disabled after three wrong password entries, but nevertheless ...)?

@_date: 2017-07-11 17:08:03
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
Not sure if you eventually have misunderstood me. I was just trying to
understand the previous speaker by asking him what exactly he was
meaning ...
No idea about the U.S., but talking about Germany: The main problem with
ATMs here is skimming (I am not sure if this wording is correct in the
U.S., so let me shortly explain: Skimming means that some adversary
manipulates an ATM in that he mounts an own user interface onto it,
perfectly imitating the original interface (mechanically - own
electronics, own keyboard), intercepting the data stream and the
keystrokes (pin), or mounts a pinhole camera to record people entering
their pins)).
AFAIK, at least until one or two years ago, the skimmers used to copy
the cards, but recently banks upgraded their ATMs and their customers'
cards so that they can't be copied any more. But for compatibility, the
ATMs still won't refuse old cards which can be copied.
But please don't take this as bare truth; I am really not sure.
No chance to have it that ease here in Germany ... at least with certain
I agree.
Here in Germany, a notary even won't take his pencil without earning a
significant amount of money. As far as I can remember, the inheritance
contract did cost about 500 EUR (about US $560) many years ago, but that
was still a small amount of money compared to the hassle the heirs would
have had if they did not have that contract.
By the way, there is no competition in this field because the money a
notary charges for an action is defined by law. There is a detailed
catalogue which lists every action a notary could (may) do, even the
most exotic ones, and how much money he will get for that. Any notary is
prohibited by law from charging less; he will lose his approbation and
get into serious trouble if he does.
Is the situation in the U.S. similar?
Yes, that's the reason why I have proposed that in my previous post ...

@_date: 2017-07-12 07:51:42
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
But birthdays and the like probably not.
Furthermore (not being sure, so read with care), I think that the bank
does not know your pin, but it is stored in the banks' backends as some
sort of hash, and this means that such software would have to run on the

@_date: 2017-07-12 08:09:06
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
According to my understanding, the most idiotic PIN exactly is the one
with the highest probability of being guessed, in other words, the one
that is most often used by other people as well.
You are right in a mathematical sense, but you leave out the human
factor. If all people would choose their PINs freely, PINs for sure were
not equally distributed. 10% of the pins would be 1111, another 10%
1234, another 30% their owner's birthday and so on.
A little bit of statistics (your name sounds German):
I don't have time for a thorough research right now, but this article
gives us an idea. I don't think the situation has changed much since
2012 ...

@_date: 2017-07-12 12:01:35
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
Not sure about that. Similar to serious websites which don't store your
password in clear text, but do store the password's hash instead, I
would expect that banks don't store your PIN in clear text as well.
As far as I know, no bank will be able to tell you your PIN if you have
forgotten it even if you go there and show them your passport. They can
only generate a new one (or a new card), but they can't tell you the
existing one because they just don't know it.
That means that the bank's backend will never see the PIN you choose and
thus can never decide if it is insecure (i.e. something like 1111). If a
bank decides to handle the PINs that way, they probably won't allow the
ATM to get hold of the PIN in clear text as well.
I might be wrong, though.

@_date: 2017-07-12 15:49:47
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
While this is correct, it is no reason for not doing it that way (if we
choose to ignore the endless possibilities cryptography offers and
decide to store the PIN in some form in a backend at all).
 Salted hashes would
Of course, I was talking about salted hashes. Besides that:
Some comments / answers in the first one claim that the PIN might be
stored in hashed form in some database. Most comments / answers in the
second one claim that the PIN is stored on HSM (they don't seem to be
sure if it is in clear text or encrypted there) (if I had more time for
research, I probably had found better explanations ... the two links
basically were on the first result page on Google when searching the
respective keywords).
But whatever: My key point was that the PIN *never* is stored (or
transmitted) in clear text outside an HSM, meaning that software which
could examine the PIN according to certain criteria will have to run
inside that HSM. I do not think that any bank has implemented such a thing.

@_date: 2017-07-12 16:15:09
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
Right, but no reason to not do it that way (if the PIN needs to be
stored at all in some backend which I doubt).
I never did look into the magstripe technique ... so no clue here. I
only know that those cards could be copied easily.
You are right - let's finish.

@_date: 2017-07-13 08:18:41
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
I don't think so. Banking chip cards contain mechanisms for local PIN
verification. You can see that an ATM (or the card) immediately decides
if the PIN is correct or not even if the ATM's network connection is
failing at that moment.
Banking chip cards furthermore contain a processor and software for
cryptographic operations, so that the endless capabilities of modern
cryptography are at hand. Think of asymmetric methods like RSA ...

@_date: 2017-07-13 08:25:43
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
You are right. The ATM will get hold of the PIN in clear in case the
user wants to change it, because the user has to type it then. The ATM
theoretically could check the PIN for certain criteria in that moment,
and refuse it if appropriate.
Wherever it might run: I never have heard about a bank having
implemented such checks ...

@_date: 2017-07-15 19:27:10
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
That is interesting. I wouldn't have expected that. Perhaps somebody who is in cryptography deeper than me could comment if it is dangerous.
And perhaps somebody who has accounts with multiple German banks could tell us if this is possible with one of his banks as well? I am having all accounts with the same bank ...

@_date: 2017-07-15 19:52:53
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
If a website would try to query my EC card's PIN, I would go to the police.
Maybe the situation might be different in other countries, but I have never entered any card number into a shopping website with the following exception: If paying via credit card (VISA and the like), the website queries the credit card's number (I think this is what you mean by "long number"), and *may* query additional three digits from a number which is on the back side of the card (near the signature strip, as you described).
Customers here in Germany can activate additional security for VISA cards (I don't know about other ones): If this is enabled, you have to enter an additional TAN (*NOT* PIN) besides the credit card number and the three digits when doing the payment. The TAN will be sent to your mobile phone. Perhaps it's that what you were referring to?
I know that there are combinations of credit and EC cards. In this case, the card *will* have a chip integrated (at least the newer ones). But still then, a shopping website must not ask for the PIN (which is only related to the EC card part). After all, you can't pay anything on a shopping website directly by EC cards (or the EC card part of a combined credit and EC card). At least, I never saw such a thing here in Germany (and I am doing a lot of online shopping).
The reason for the latter is that the PIN should *never* be transferred or be known in clear by any party (besides yourself and perhaps your bank, but see my previous posts for my opinion about that). The only method to pay by EC card would be using a certified card reader (which handles the payment safety independently from your PC). But since no consumer is ready to pay a lot of money for such a card reader, that payment option just does not exist when shopping online (at least, not here).

@_date: 2017-07-15 19:57:45
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Changing PINs of German bank card 
Yes, in a mathematical sense. Taking the human factor into account, that person has been very unlucky.
If you are interested in the details, please refer to my post from 2017-07-12 08:09.

@_date: 2017-06-14 16:04:40
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: How to join pubring.kbx and pubring.gpg? 
Dear experts,
I am running Thunderbird, Enigmail and gpg4win on Windows 7. All
components are up to date, and I am using this combination successfully
since several years for signing, encrypting and decrypting email messages.
Now, for the first time, a new communication partner won't provide his
public GPG key directly, but only in form of a .p7b certificate. Since
several hours, I am having a remarkably hard time trying to import his
public key into the setup mentioned above.
1) gpgsm seems to be the only tool which can be used to extract public
keys or convert certificates from the .p7b format to the format needed
by GPG. Fortunately, gpgsm is included in the gpg4win package, so I
could use it on my system.
2) But whatever I did, I could not see the new public keys in the key
list gpg shows. So I tracked the issue further down and noticed:
gpg -k correctly lists the keys I have currently in use, but not the
new, imported key.
gpgsm -k correctly lists the new key, but not the keys I have currently
in use.
3) Further research lead me to this post:
This at least gave me a vague idea about what might be going on.
Obviously, gpgsm had imported the new key into pubring.kbx, but not into
pubring.gpg (note: This seems to be expected behavior as I have found
out in the meantime).
So I closed Thunderbird and deleted pubring.gpg for testing purposes.
According to the post mentioned above, GPG then should have used
pubring.kbx instead of pubring.gpg, so I expected to see the new,
imported key when issuing gpg -k.
But instead, gpg -k generated a new (empty) pubring.gpg instead of using
4) I have found no way to make GPG use pubring.kbx although I have
double checked that I am using the most recent version of gpg4win,
meaning that I am using gpg2. I also have double checked the
installation directory; there is no gpg.exe, but there is gpg2.exe (and
gpgv2.exe, whatever that might be). So it should use pubring.kbx,
shouldn't it?
5) I have found no way to convert pubring.kbx to pubring.gpg, or to join
To summarize: I have a .pb7 certificate with a public PGP key. I can
import it to pubring.kbx. I can't import it to pubring.gpg. I can't use
it because gpg4win uses pubring.gpg. I can't convert pubring.kbx to
pubring.gpg. I can't join pubring.kbx with pubring.gpg.
Does anybody have an idea how I could get out of this? I have access to
full-blown Linux systems, so I could perform all conversions or import
steps on Linux if necessary. But I still have to use the end results
under Windows with the setup mentioned at the beginning of this post.
Thank you very much,

@_date: 2017-06-16 10:27:19
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: How to join pubring.kbx and pubring.gpg? 
At first, I'd like to thank you for the great explanations.
Here is where my worry begins. AFAIK, all PGP variants are using RSA key
pairs. A public X.509 certificate is just a container for such keys (and
possibly has information about the certificate chain). Given that, in my
naive world, it should be no problem to extract that public PGP key from
the certificate; the goal would be to gain the "pure" key which then
could be added to the traditional PGP (Enigmail / gpg4win) world.
Of course, any information regarding the certification chain would be
lost when doing so, but I really wouldn't care about that (I have
downloaded the certificate from the website of a very big well-known
company; the website is protected by TLS, and I have checked that there
was no man in the middle).
Unfortunately, I didn't find any hint on how to extract that key. It is
in the certificate for sure, and I think I will eventually be able to
dump it after playing some time with OpenSSL, but then I eventually
won't know how to integrate it into Enigmail / gpg4win.
Furthermore, I am still not sure if this is just a matter of
transforming the key or if the whole software / data exchange protocol
depends on the sort of key. In other words, even if I would manage to
extract the key and to integrate it into the Enigmail / gpg4win world,
would the communication partner be able to decrypt the respective messages?
This is a very important hint. I didn't even know that such a branch
exists. An average user visiting their website mainly for downloading
their software won't see any hint regarding that ... or I have missed
Thank you very much for the manual :-) So I now know how use pubring.kbx
instead of pubring.gpg, but obviously, this is not the solution to my
problem (as I initially have thought).
The bottom line seems to be that I can't use Enigmail / gpg4win to
exchange email with communication partners which provide their keys in
form of certificates. This does not make much sense since there is a
strong trend among the big companies to provide only PGP certificates
instead of PGP keys.
Using gpgsm on the command line is not what I would like to in my daily
email routine (although I am a strong fan of the command line in other
Slightly off-topic: Does anybody eventually know if and when Enigmail /
gpg4win will support certificates?
Thank you very much,

@_date: 2017-06-16 15:04:13
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: How to join pubring.kbx and pubring.gpg? 
Most articles / tutorials I came across during my research were dealing
with private keys ... that should have made me mistrustful on its own.
This is where I have been mislead. Of course, I already knew that S/MIME
and PGP are both widely used, but totally different, and it was also
clear to me that a recipient who uses S/MIME has no way to decrypt PGP
messages, and vice versa.
There were three things which pulled me on the wrong track:
1) My new communication partner claimed that they supported S/MIME as
well as PGP, making the impression that I could choose which one I would
like to use. I told him that I would like to use PGP (as I've always
done in similar cases in the past) and not S/MIME.
2) My new communication partner claimed (even in written form) that the
certificate they provided to me was a "PGP certificate". Well, we all
probably know the level of technical knowledge in big companies'
customer support ... I should have been warned.
3) I would never have come to the idea that GnuPG handles S/MIME
certificates. Obviously, gpgsm is part of GnuPG, and obviously, it can
handle the certificate which I have been given. Thus, I have been quite
sure that it indeed must have been some sort of "PGP certificate",
because I couldn't imagine that a part of GnuPG software could deal with
S/MIME certificates.
So GnuPG seems to be in the process of becoming an S/MIME software, a
thing which I would have heavily denied until now if somebody would have
asked me.
These three reasons made me strongly believe that the certificate I have
been given actually was a thing like PGP key in a "modern" format. So I
was convinced that I could convert it to the usual PGP key format somehow.
(Sidenote: The naming of that utility of course finally makes sense now
... I have done gpgsm  and have wondered about the name of
that program more than one time :-)
Not at the level of general understanding, but having been heavily
mislead in this case (see above) ...
Yes, I have configured Thunderbird often in all sorts of environment and
therefore often have come across the S/MIME configuration window. So I
knew it was in there, but I did not use it until now.
The actual cause of my problem, as you have already stated, is quite
simple: I just did not know nor assume nor even consider that the
certificate I have been given could be an S/MIME certificate. Now that I
know that, I am quite confident that I will be able to configure and use
S/MIME properly.
Once again, a big thanks for all the help and for your time!

@_date: 2017-06-16 16:52:32
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: How to join pubring.kbx and pubring.gpg? 
Again, thank you very much for your time. I have got it now. I will just
use S/MIME to communicate with that partner.
Please see my previous post for a detailed explanation why I have been
worried so much (although it has been clear to me since a long time that
S/MIME and PGP are different things).
To make a long story short, my partner first asked me if I would like to
use PGP or S/MIME (I answered "PGP"), and then claimed that the
certificate he provided was a "PGP certificate".
Furthermore, I wouldn't have come to the idea that gpgsm handled S/MIME
certificates (although I am now understanding why it is named gpg>SM<
:-)). In my naive world, GnuPG software (and gpgsm obviously falls into
that category) dealt only with PGP, not with S/MIME. Worlds change ...
For that three reasons, I did not even consider that the certificate my
partner provided could be an S/MIME certificate, but believed that it
would be some sort of a "new, modern PGP certificate". If I only had
known that earlier ...
Sorry for the lengthy posts, and again: Thanks you very much!

@_date: 2019-10-13 18:27:59
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Future OpenPGP Support in Thunderbird 
IMHO, integrating PGP into TB in general is a good decision. However, I
have two concerns (being a naive user, and being far away from
understanding the technical aspects).
1) The schedule
We have all been educated to update our applications (notably, "internet
applications" like browser and email clients) as soon as updates are
available; at least, this is true for security updates.
Despite release plans, I think nobody knows for sure how much time
actually will pass between TB 72's predecessor and TB 78, and how many
security updates will be released between these versions.
During that time, I either can't use Enigmail (if I decide to install
the security updates), or I have to ignore the security updates
(possibly putting me to risk).
Did I understand this correctly?
I am not on a level that I would use GnuPG on the command line to
encrypt or authenticate my messages (encryption is fascinating, and if I
had the time, it would be a pleasure to dive deeply into this subject,
but for the time being, I just need it working), so I am dependent on
the TB / Enigmail duo (at least until TB 78).
2) The features
When integrating PGP into TB, IMHO great attention must be paid that
none of the important features of Enigmail / GnuPG get lost, not even in
the first version. The statement that the first implementation probably
will be "less feature-rich" than Enigmail (let alone GnuPG) really
frightens me and lets me expect all sorts of problems.
For example, even I (as a non-advanced user) recently had an issue where
I could not use PGP keys which were generated by Enigmail, because the
keys' IDs were formally wrong so that key servers didn't accept the
keys. The easiest possible solution was to re-generate these keys using
GnuPG on the command line (despite my statement above ...) and import
them into Enigmail.
This simple case shows that we actually need the full functionality of a
mature software package like GnuPG from the beginning on (note that my
problem was ridiculously simple, but even then I couldn't easily solve
it using Enigmail alone).
My feeling is that TB (and probably email encryption / authentication
per se) will lose a lot of users (including me) if the first
implementation lacks essential features, makes the encryption setup fail
due to common problems (like mine), or makes encryption unusable or
difficult in any other way.
By the way, being able to encrypt the subject of an encrypted message
also is one of the essential features (thanks, Patrick, and thanks,
Werner, that you finally have made this possible a while ago!) ...
Just my 2 cents ...

@_date: 2019-10-13 19:15:07
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Future OpenPGP Support in Thunderbird 
Thank you very much for your remark.
Actually, I have meant this to be just an example for the problems to
expect if too many features are missing.
Secondly, I suspect that there are more keyservers out there (running
other software) which also would reject those keys (I didn't try,
though, so this is speculation).
Thirdly, this is the keyserver which is preset in Enigmail (I didn't
change the default). For naive users like me, it is not possible to
check a keyserver's software version and to analyze how mature / stable
it is. I even wouldn't come to that idea, because this is the default
keyserver in a well-known software package :-) If I wouldn't have been
able to generate correct keys / IDs using GnuPG directly, I eventually
would have given up on encryption.

@_date: 2019-10-14 09:40:30
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Future OpenPGP Support in Thunderbird 
I don't know either, but perhaps it is in the debug logs the Enigmail
team analyzes?
I am also not sure about this. As far as it concerns Windows, the first
part of the statement may be true. There is plenty of software to
encrypt single files or directories for Windows, including the software
which is part of the O/S. People probably tend to go the easiest way,
even if another solution would be safer and technically superior. I
don't know the situation under Linux well enough to comment.
I disagree with the second part of the statement, though. Most of the
people who think about privacy and email encryption / authentication at
all are educated, non-average users who want to be sure that there are
no backdoors in their software and that they use it as safely as
possible (meaning that they care about software, algorithms and
ciphers), and who want to backup their keys (meaning that they care
where the keys are stored). And yes, I want to decide on my own if my
key is ED25519, RSA1024 or RSA4096 :-)
I am not sure where this will lead to. It sounds as if you were
suggesting to give up on privacy, encryption and authentication for that
While I agree with you that this problem exists and is quite difficult
to solve (eventually it needs another decade), I am absolutely sure that
bad and difficult software will make it worse, but good and usable
software will help in solving it. The fact that the problem exists does
not mean that nobody should try to solve it by providing easier-to-use,
fully integrated software with reasonable default settings.
There are many reasons to think so (the following applies to ProtonMail
as well as Tutanota):
1) To actually use those services in a reasonable manner, you have to
opt-in for a paid contract. For most of us, this is a matter of
principle. Why should we pay for a thing that used to be free all the
time? (Note: I don't want to judge that attitude - I am just stating how
it is).
2) None of that services supports IMAP or POP3. I would be totally crazy
if I would make myself totally dependent on companies or services which
won't let me download my messages and integrate them into my email client.
What happens if those companies suddenly stop their service and you
haven't downloaded your messages yet (which anyway seems to be
impossible)? Or if you decide that you want to use another service? How
long will you be able to access your messages after you have stopped
paying your old service? Will they delete your messages until the quota
for free usage is reached again?
I insist on having all important data, including email messages,
in-house and under my complete control, and I strongly advise each of my
customers to do the same. So far, all of them are following that advice.
Therefore, such services never will have any chance to do business with
my customers.
3) I have several email addresses. I am definitely not ready to use a
different website or different software for each of them. That is, there
is absolutely no chance that I ever will use a service which does not
provide POP3 or IMAP (or, for the protocol, their successors).
I want *one* MUA (like Thunderbird) to be able to manage *all* of my
email messages in *one* place (For example, ever needed to search for a
message for which you can't remember the account it was received on? -
The global search in TB is very handy here. Further reasons: junk
filtering, action filters (automatically moving certain messages in
subfolders) and so on, all managed at one place, public folders, shared
folders and so on).
4) I doubt that these services can be legally used by businesses in
Germany. We are having some weird rules here, one of them saying that we
have to keep *each* (electronic) message we are receiving and sending in
a separate archive where users don't have access to. That is, users of
course may do anything they want in their normal email account, but all
messages which are ever sent or received must first be copied somewhere
where they cannot be manipulated or deleted.
I can't imagine how this could be achieved when using those services.
These are only a few of the many reasons against using a purely
cloud-based email system.

@_date: 2019-10-14 09:45:06
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Future OpenPGP Support in Thunderbird 
I see. Thank you very much for the clarification. This relieves a lot of

@_date: 2019-10-16 10:47:33
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Future OpenPGP Support in Thunderbird 
I am sure that it doesn't phone home. However, to give an example, I had
a problem some years ago where Enigmail didn't work correctly any more
when a certain other extension was installed, or vice versa. I published
that problem somewhere (can't remember exactly) and got the advice to
turn on Enigmail debugging and send the debug log to a certain email
address or to publish it (again, can't remember). Of course, I followed
that advice (after having examined the log file and having convinced
myself that there was no critical data in it, as expected).
I suppose that the Enigmail team gets quite a lot of such debug logs.
But I still can't tell (and currently don't have the time to
investigate) if those logs can tell which keys had been generated by
Enigmail and which had been generated externally, so the whole thing was
a guess anyway.
Good point. I see.
I think that even a minor impact would be desirable. The problem is: If
it is done wrong (essential features missing, e.g. subject encryption,
no exchange of keys with external tools, no hardware token support
etc.), it could prevent a large part of today's encryption users from
using encryption in the future, i.e. it even could reduce encryption
Personally, I am not sure what I'd do if the integration of PGP in TB
would be broken (i.e. no subject encryption, no control over key
generation and so on). Theoretically, I could move to another MUA which
provides a reasonable workflow for PGP, but due to pressure of time and
due to flaws or missing features in other MUAs I eventually would have
to stick with TB, even if I couldn't reasonably use PGP any more.
Here the integration could really help. For example, keys could be
automatically generated whenever a new email account is created in TB.
Then, when sending the first message using that account, a dialog could
popup asking the user:
"We already have completely setup your PGP keys. Do you want to
authenticate this and further messages, and do you want to attach your
public key to each message so that the correspondents can encrypt their
replies to you, and do you want to upload your public key to server
x.y.z so that everybody can send you encrypted messages and can verify
your signature?"
I bet that 80% of users would answer this dialog by clicking "Yes", and
I think this would really help.
But once again, if too many features are missing in the integration,
this will throw back email encryption prevalence by one or two decades
because TB / Enigmail presumably is the most widespread software for
email encryption, and I am not sure how many users could move to another
MUA if PGP is broken / not fully usable in TB.
Correct, but (as I wrote) I didn't want to judge the attitude; I just
wanted to show how it works. Many users reflexively close web pages
immediately as soon as they recognize a $ sign (except online shops and
TV / movie / music sites, of course).
You are speaking out of my heart. Many years ago, I appreciated
Mozilla's decision to provide their own root certificates and
certificate management, because I trusted them much more than Microsoft.
But when it comes to PGP integration, making their own thing for sure is
counter-productive. What Werner and Patrick have created is mature and
completely trustworthy and surely can't be outranked in the foreseeable
Not wanting to make users install additional software isn't a reasonable
argument for re-inventing the wheel, because AFAIK nothing prevents
people from bundling GnuPG with TB in the same installer, and I bet that
even installing these two packages into the same directory and letting
them use the same registry subkeys technically wouldn't be a problem (I
am speaking of Windows here).
So why not take Enigmail, integrate it into TB, and bundle Gpg4Win setup
with TB setup? All software they ever could develop themselves will be
inferior compared to that package, at least in the first time.

@_date: 2019-10-16 17:37:51
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Future OpenPGP Support in Thunderbird 
I think this is the usual trade-off. One has to put time
- either in understanding the APIs and command line parameters of a
library / utility, and to keep up with changes, or
- in re-inventing the wheel, which in this case for sure will cost much
more time and eventually produce catastrophic security breaches and
software which is drastically inferior compared to what we have now.
After all, everybody uses libraries and utilities. It is just reasonable
to have an expert work on a library or utility which uses techniques and
mathematical stuff which non-specialists never will understand in
detail, and have the non-specialists use that library or utility,
instead of letting them re-develop the same stuff, probably introducing
all sorts of security flaws and producing inferior software.
When I have a bash script under Linux which invokes a compiler using a
complicated command line, I wouldn't come to the idea to re-develop that
compiler and integrate it directly into bash because that compiler's
command line switches could change in the next version ...
I am still convinced that re-writing GnuPG (including all functions like
hardware tokens, subject encryption etc.) in a secure manner is a
hundred times more complex and a million times more error-prone than
tracking a few changes to its command line switches or error codes ever
could be. Apart from that, there is GpgME, as already has been stated.
Regarding the user rights to install software: That was the reason why I
thought about bundling the installers and installing both parts in the
same directory. Even updates to GnuPG then could be handled by TB's
update system (this is only an educated guess - I don't know if the
licenses would allow this). If TB would use GpgME, this problem even
would not exist in the first place. GpgME would just be another library
lying around in TB's installation directory (under Windows, probably a
DLL) and for sure could be updated via TB's update system.
Just my 2 cents ...

@_date: 2019-10-21 11:42:45
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Future OpenPGP Support in Thunderbird 
It is the ingenious mixture of integration / ease-of-use on one hand
(setting it up (normally) is a no-brainer, including key generation and
key upload, it allows for per-recipient rules, it provides a nice GUI
for a task which actually is complex, it allows subject encryption, it
allows using hardware tokens, it provides PGP/MIME and PGP/inline, and
it integrates fantastically; heck, the PGP settings even are integrated
into the account settings, exactly where they belong!) and on the other
hand the unlimited possibilities of GnuPG (command line, configuration).
Last, but not least, we must not forget security issues. Implementing
PGP correctly is a hairy task, given the long history of security
problems in different implementations. Werner's implementation has an
excellent reputation, and it's the only one I personally trust
completely. It is exactly the division of tasks which may have
contributed to Enigmail's success more than one would imagine. After
all, email encryption users do care about the underlying engine. We all
know what we would have to expect if the TB team would rewrite the thing
itself (which you have ruled out) or would use some library which hasn't
been tested as rigorously as GnuPG.
Actually, the Enigmail / GnuPG duo is one of the best examples of how
different software parts could work together, thus increasing the
prevalence of both parts by magnitudes, pushing a technique which the
world really needs, and making it usable for the masses. Enigmail /
GnuPG is by fare more than its sum.
Each of the above reasons has made Enigmail such successful (and GnuPG,
or course).

@_date: 2019-09-14 13:15:44
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: keys.openpgp.org not sending confirmation email 
Dear all,
at first, thank you very much for providing privacy and safety for such
a long time free of charge to us!
Second, the following question could be slightly off-topic because it is
partly about the behavior of a key server which clearly is not part of
the GPG software. However, I think I have done something bad to my
Gpg4Win configuration, so I hope I don't get flamed.
I have used the Thunderbird / Enigmail / Gpg4Win troika for quite a
while without any issue. Yesterday, I had to reinstall, and while doing
so, upgraded to the newest versions of that packages, and while I was at
it, revoked my old (1024-bit) keys and generated new (4096-bit) ones
(using Enigmail's key management).
So I got four new key pairs, each of them associated with exactly one
email address. I uploaded the four public keys, again using Enigmail's
key management, to Enigmail's default key server, keys.openpgp.org.
Enigmail reported success each time.
I got confirmation emails for three of that four keys, but it seems that
the key server isn't in the mood to send a confirmation email for the
fourth. I have uploaded that one multiple times since then (again via
Enigmail's key management), each time getting a success message, but
still getting no confirmation email.
I am absolutely sure that this isn't some spam-filter-related issue or
similar. I had a look onto what the MX for the email address in question
was logging when uploading the key. I did this several times, and each
time I watched the logs at least for five minutes after having uploaded
the key. No email message from the key server arrived.
I have carefully checked multiple times that there is no typo in the
email address which is associated with the key in question.
And as expected, when searching for the first three keys on that key
server, they are found, while the fourth is not found.
Now I fear I have done something silly to the Gpg4Win settings (although
I haven't changed its configuration by intention), and I hope that
somebody could explain what could have gone wrong here.
I have quite a good idea of how PGP encryption works in general, but I
never (until now) have used GPG's command line interface (just hadn't to
do so because Enigmail did its job quite good), so it would be nice if
the issue could be explained in simple words :-)
Thank you very much in advance,
P.S. If it would help, I wouldn't have a problem with publishing the
email address and the public key in question here.

@_date: 2019-09-14 15:12:01
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: keys.openpgp.org not sending confirmation email 
Dear Vincent,
Thank you very much for your fast reply!
I have sent an email from the address in question to
support at keys.openpgp.org as you have advised. I am looking forward to
what (silly thing) I have done wrong ...
Again, thank you very much for your support and time.

@_date: 2019-09-16 09:06:07
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: keys.openpgp.org not sending confirmation email 
The issue is solved now. I am documenting the solution for people who
are affected by the same problem and find this thread when searching.
Credits go to Vincent Breitmoser who has confirmed my own suspicion and
who was very helpful and fast with his support.
The point is that the key server failed to parse the key's ID as an
email address. The ID had the following structure (not the real ID, just
to make clear the structure):
Surname, Forename | Company Commas are not allowed as part of email addresses. While I knew that, I
made the wrong assumption that only the part between the brackets would
be considered the email address, and that I could use any characters for
the "name" part (expect brackets, of course ...).
Obviously, I was wrong, and the name part must obey the same rules as
the actual email address.
Vincent has told me that a certain number of other people had the same
problem, so they are thinking of making their parsers less strict, as
far as it concerns the name part. After my correspondence with him, I
think that they will be quite fast in implementing the changes.
However, I recommend everybody to make their whole key ID match the
rules for email addresses if they intend to upload it to a key server.
Personally, I have revoked all four of the new keys and generated new
ones with the ID being only the email address without a name part. While
this was not possible using Enigmail (because Enigmail insisted that I
had to add a name to the key), it was very easy by using gpg directly on
the command line (by the way, its documentation is quite good).
As a last tip, keys.openpgp.org offers to upload a public key directly.
When you do that, it will emit helpful messages in case of failure. In
my case, with the problematic key / ID, it clearly told the the ID could
not be parsed as an email address.
Unfortunately, I didn't know about the direct upload offer before asking
here ...
Regards, and thanks again,

@_date: 2019-09-17 09:12:12
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: keys.openpgp.org not sending confirmation email 
Thanks, Claus, for the clarification / correction, and for your continuous support and expertise.
Additionally, I just did a quick test. Using Thunderbird, I sent two messages to somebody else, one from an account where the name contained a comma and another one from an account where the name only contained [a-zA-Z] and spaces. Interestingly enough, Thunderbird did its thing right, at least in generating the "FROM:" line. It wrapped the name in quotes in the first case and left away the quotes in the second case. In other words, the receiver got two messages with "FROM:" lines which were formatted differently:
So Thunderbird seems to add the quotes automatically if necessary, and I am asking myself why Enigmail doesn't. I am not sure (and can't test at the moment) how GnuPG would behave if given a problematic name when generating a key; I hope it would give a warning or would add the quotes automatically.
In other words, the key server currently is not able to report such errors when a key is being uploaded via HKP or the web API. Am I correct here? If yes, should we consider this a design flaw in these key server APIs? After all, tools like Enigmail then wouldn't have the chance to report such errors to the user when trying to upload a key. Vincent, could you eventually elaborate a bit on that problem?
If we only would be able to read every RFC which affects any software we use for our daily work ...

@_date: 2019-09-17 14:57:27
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: keys.openpgp.org not sending confirmation email 
At first, thank you very much for your explanations!
I really hope that I don't annoy anybody (being in no way an experienced
user in this field and probably still missing many basics), but as far
as I have understood my communication with Vincent, it's such IDs which
are a problem for keys.openpgp.org.
When I first used Enigmail to generate and upload a key with such an ID
to keys.openpgp.org, I never got the confirmation email.
When I uploaded that key using the web form
( it told me that it couldn't parse the
key's ID as an email address.  Consequently, it couldn't send a
confirmation email, and the key, although having been stored on the
server, could not be found when being searched for by mail address.
Thank you very much for that insight.
This is the way I am going now. After the bad experience, I have decided
to use only key IDs consisting solely of the actual mail address
hereafter (with or without the angle brackets - I can live with both
variants :-)).
Enigmail refuses to generate such keys (it insists on entering a
non-empty name and doesn't complete the key generation process
otherwise). But I could easily generate such keys using the GnuPG
command line interface.
I see. Then the problem might be due to standards which are "only"
de-facto, leading to parsers (on the key servers) which interpret those
IDs subtly differently from what GnuPG / Enigmail and friends expect.
By the way, I did not test yet how keys.openpgp.org would behave when
given a key ID with a comma in the name, but with the name quoted.
In every case, I am happy now, as long as IDs consisting only of the
actual mail address remain allowed. Personally, I currently don't need
to have my name or other fancy text in my keys' IDs. I suppose that
somebody who wants to write me an encrypted message will search for my
public key at first by email address (and not by other criteria). At
least, I would do so ...
Regards, and thanks again,

@_date: 2019-09-17 15:50:15
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: keys.openpgp.org not sending confirmation email 
Thank you very much for the link. That was an interesting reading. There
are much more differences between IDs in the wild and RFC2822 than I
ever would have suspected.
Did I get this right? That post has been published just yesterday? Glad
that I noticed this just in time - I already was typing "Does anybody
know how widespread those proposals are, and which one has won?" :-)

@_date: 2019-09-17 16:09:46
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Automatically delete old keys from servers 
I am far from being an expert, but I think that the usual way to deal
with this problem is to revoke the key in question and upload the
revocation to the key server.
Maybe I have missed some basics here and that I am completely wrong, but
this at least is what Enigmail proposes if you revoke a key in its key
management window: Upload the revoked key.
There is a second solution to your problem: Limit the validity of the
key when generating it. You can easily generate keys which are valid
exactly one year from the date of generation. Any reasonable MUA will
refuse to encrypt a message using an expired public key, or will at
least show a warning.
That way, you can get close to the behavior you want. Your key expires
after a year, and although it still remains on the key server after that
time, nobody will use it to encrypt a message to you.
Furthermore, if memory serves me right, your public key is needed to
check your signature; remember that signing works in the opposite
direction than encrypting (signing means: you encrypt a message hash
with your private key, the receiver decrypts the hash using your public
key and checks if the decrypted hash matches the message). So deleting
public keys from a key server might be a bad idea anyway.

@_date: 2019-09-17 21:21:43
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: keys.openpgp.org not sending confirmation email 
I totally agree that the ID in general should be encoded in UTF-8 and
that there should be no further restrictions. That would have solved me
from the hassle which has initiated this discussion (which, by the way,
gets more and more interesting).
However, just in case this discussion really leads to updates of
conventions or even RFCs, I'd like to throw in the following thought:
Some years ago (might be more than ten years, I really don't remember),
there was an article in the well-known German computer magazine c't,
written by one of Heise's long-time authors. In that article, the author
complained and was really upset because some "idiots" (I am citing him
here) constantly generated PGP keys with *his* email address in the ID,
and uploaded those keys to all key servers they knew.
Consequently, he constantly was receiving encrypted emails (probably
with important content - think of him being an investigative journalist)
which he could not decrypt. It was unclear if the "idiots" just wanted
to bother him, if they seriously wanted to prevent sensitive material
from being mailed to him, or if this was part of a greater attack on the
PGP system as a whole (assuming that other journalists were suffering in
a similar manner).
The current policy of some key servers (including keys.openpgp.org) is
to send a confirmation email to each email address which is contained in
an uploaded key's ID. Although this policy probably mainly has arisen
from data protection obligations, it makes the scam described above much
more difficult (if it doesn't prevent it at all).
Of course, a key server can only send a confirmation email if there is a
valid email address in the ID of a key. Hence, a future convention /
standard eventually should provide some sort of structure:
One part of the ID must contain the (valid) email addresses (addr) which
should be associated with the key, and another part has absolutely no
restrictions, or perhaps the only restriction that the @ character is
forbidden (to prevent people from smuggle in something which resembles
an email address).
Key servers then must send a confirmation email each time a key is
uploaded (if its ID contains an address entry), and must use only the
address entries (addr) to match search queries which contain the @
I am aware that this is similar to what we have today, i.e. to the
convention described above. However, that convention, as experience
shows, is interpreted differently by different software packages, and it
is not mandatory.
I am also aware that this would not prevent other sorts of scams. For
example, an attacker could upload a key with his own correct email
address in the respective ID "field", but with my name in the "free
text" part. However, I believe that the overwhelming majority of people
who are searching for my public key are searching by my email address
(and not by my name). Perhaps Vincent has a statistic ...
If there were dedicated "fields" for the address part (addr) in the ID,
the complicated parsing of the name-addr wouldn't be necessary; just the
addr part (i.e. each field) would have to be parsed. The rest of the ID
wouldn't have to be checked, except for the absence of the @ character,
which is trivial.
A very simple ID structure providing that sort of "protection" which
immediately came to my mind is the following:
- The ID may consist of several lines, separated by LF.
- Lines are not restricted in length (as long as the ID as a whole does
not get too big).
- A line is said to be empty if and only if it contains the LF character
and no other character.
- If the first line is empty, the ID does not contain an email address
(addr), and the free text part of the ID starts at the second line.
- If the first line is not empty, it must contain exactly one valid
email address (addr), which is the first email address to be associated
with the key, and all following non-empty lines must contain valid email
addresses (addr) as well, one per line, which are the further email
addresses to be associated with the key. That array of lines with valid
email addresses (addr) is ended by an empty line. The free text part of
the ID starts after that empty line.
The free text part of the ID is encoded in UTF-8 and may contain any
character except the @ character.
Software must not generate IDs other than described above. Key servers
must refuse publishing keys with IDs other than described above. Key
servers must send a confirmation email to all email addresses (addr)
which are in a key's ID, and must not publish an email address as being
associated with a certain key until it has received an answer to the
respective confirmation email.
As far as I have understood, that structure could easily be put into tag
13; no new tag would have to be created (although a new tag for the
email addresses (addr) would be a huge improvement).
We even could allow the @ character in the free text part of the ID if
the key servers would provide two different kinds of search: Search by
mail address (addr) (here, the key server is only allowed to match the
search string against the dedicated address entries), and search by free
text (here, the key server is only allowed to match the search string
against the free text part).
As a final note, I am aware that many problems with scams can be
prevented by mutual key signing or by publishing keys on web sites. But
to be honest, I don't know many people who have their PGP / GPG keys
signed by a noteworthy number of other people. Meeting others just for
this purpose is painful, and validating the other party correctly is
only possible with some knowledge. And of course, not every private
person has a web site, and only a few companies publish more than one
email address with its public key on their web site, even if they have
dozens of employees with have PGP / GPG installed.
Actually, I currently don't know anybody who I could ask to sign my
keys, and furthermore, the problem is bigger the other way around. Can I
trust the key which I found on the key server for the intended
recipient's email address? Can I at least be sure that the key server
has sent a confirmation email to that email address and has received the
answer? Or has it failed to do so due to a malformed email address, but
finds that address nevertheless because it performs a full-text search
against the key IDs?
So, in summary, my point is that there should be as few restrictions on
the ID as possible, but it should be made sure that everything which
resembles an email address (addr) and which could be found by querying a
key server actually has been validated by having sent a confirmation
email and having received an answer. This especially means that email
addresses (addr) can't be part of surrounding free text, because parsing
(and possibly removing) them from such an environment is technically
complicated, implementation-wise error prone and subject to different
interpretation. There is some risk that the confirmation / validation
failed due to a malformed or wrongly interpreted addr, but that this
addr can be found nevertheless on the key server. Therefore, we need to
structure the ID so that there is one dedicated place where addrs can be
stored and easily parsed, which again means to disallow them in normal
free text.
Just my two cents - and being happy and grateful for what we have
already! Maybe it's too late - having had a long day ...

@_date: 2019-09-18 09:10:53
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: keys.openpgp.org not sending confirmation email 
Thank you very much for that hint. That might be a solution for German
citizens, and probably the citizens of a few other European countries.
However, I see several problems:
- People just refuse spending money or precious desk space on chip card
readers. The best proof is the nonsense the German banks are currently
doing to implement PSD2. I do not know anybody who has bought a chip
card reader. Instead, everybody installs a TAN generator app (one for
each bank) on the very same smart phone where the actual banking apps
are running, which undoubtedly decreases security.
- While I have no problem with one-time investments (chip card reader),
my red line are regular payments. From a first quick look at the website
you mentioned, I got the impression that the certification is currently
free of charge. However, at a first glance, I couldn't find out how long
a certification is valid, and experience tells me that they will begin
to charge a substantial amount of money every year or so to refresh the
certifications as soon as more than an infinitesimal number of people
use them.
- After the incidents at the web (SSL) CAs (Symantec, DigiNotar and so
on), I do not trust any centralized certification any more, even if
those incidents happened some years ago.
By the way, when clicking "?ffentlicher Schl?ssel f?r die Beglaubigung"
in the menu at the page bottom of  you
currently just get an error page ("Es konnte leider nichts gefunden
werden"). This for sure is the best way to generate trust ... Probably
it's exactly what you should expect from a company which acts on behalf
of German government.
- The most important aspect is that I just can't force an addressee of a
private message to get that certification. The addressee might live in
another country where such certification is not available, or he might
refuse to buy a card reader or to get the certification for other
reasons. I don't have any figures (hopefully somebody else has), but I
suppose that no more than 5% of PGP users have a chip card reader.
In contrast, the email verification system for keys is by far less
secure than the Governikus certification, but it is already available,
works in every country and provides at least some level of security
which is by far better than nothing. It just needs to be supported by
making implementation easier, which primarily means eliminating the
ambiguities when deciding what is an email address in the key IDs, which
in turn means making dedicated addr entries mandatory and forbidding to
treat anything outside these entries as an email address; all of this
could be achieved with some small changes of the key ID convention /
specification, which additionally would make parsing the key ID by key
servers much more easy, less error-prone and reproducible.
As long as these CAs don't charge money, I totally agree with you
(although I am mistrustful towards CAs as I stated above).
Finally, I've got a question (no criticism, really just a question
because I have absolutely no experience with AusweisApp and the like):
You have stated that my real name must be in the key ID if I would like
to have the key certified by Governikus. Does the key ID need to have
other personal data in it? After all, as an example, there for sure are
at least 1000 people in Germany whose name is "Peter Meier" (which is
the reason why I personally will always use the email address (instead
of the name) as the criterion when searching for a public key). If there
is other personal data in the ID (like the address), what happens when
people relocate?
Regards, and thank you very much,

@_date: 2019-09-19 08:27:15
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: keys.openpgp.org not sending confirmation email 
OK, that makes sense. Thank you very much for the explanation.
My question regarding the relocation was only meant for the case that
Governikus would need other personal data besides the name (e.g. the
address) in the ID to certify a key.
So the real name is the only mandatory part in the ID of a key certified
by Governikus, while other parts, notably the email address, are
optional. Perhaps this policy is too relaxed. Personally, I always
include the respective email address(es) in my keys' IDs, but some
others probably don't (if they aren't forced to).
IMHO, this system lacks a mandatory unique token in the key ID. The
natural choice for such a token would be the email address, because in
the first place it is the only thing you know for sure when writing a
private message to somebody else who you haven't become acquainted with
yet. Perhaps Governikus should think of making it mandatory.
Regards, and thanks again,

@_date: 2019-09-20 08:37:02
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: keys.openpgp.org not sending confirmation email 
I see. That makes much more sense. Thank you very much again!

@_date: 2020-05-29 08:48:05
@_author: Binarus 
@_subject: Certified OpenPGP-encryption after release of Thunderbird 78 
This is not my field, but I believe that (besides authorities) there are
companies or other institutions which *must* use certified encryption
solutions. Some ideas:
- The OP might be employed at a city administration of a small village
where the full set of regulations is relevant, but where there is no
money (as in many small villages) to buy support.
- The OP might be employed at a company like a hospital, a nuclear
plant, a company which develops or sells military goods, a law office, a
tax office, a (medical) insurance, a bank, and so on - you get the idea :-)
While I actually don't know in detail which sort of company is bound by
which regulation, I am sure that there are dozens of company types and
hundreds, if not thousands of companies which are legally restricted to
use only BSI-certified encryption software, especially companies which
handle sensitive personal data or which compromise public safety if they
let leak data.
Even more, since the arrival of the GPDR, each company -even the
smallest one- has to put significant effort into protecting personal
data, and has to document in detail their respective policies and
methods. When implementing the respective concepts and explaining /
documenting why they are safe and how they protect personal data, it is
of great help when the BSI has certified as many parts of the software
as possible.
Furthermore, to me, the OP sounds if he is not only employed at a
company as a normal user, but as a part-time admin who has been asked to
implement the email infrastructure for his colleagues besides his normal
work (because the management as usual does not understand the importance
and value of such work and the expertise and time which is needed).
