
@_date: 2012-08-28 20:42:34
@_author: Landon Hurley 
@_subject: Can IPAD or Android Tablets create Keys and use gnupg 
Hash: SHA512
APG functions on android remarkably well, with key servers and key
generation features. The only thing missing that comes to mind is the
WOT side. As long as this is between friends, that becomes relatively
unnecessary. Also possible is to just import pre existing keys. Also of
interest would be whether sufficient entropy exists on the device to
actually generate a secure key, so caveat emptor, so to speak. Both
elgamal and rsa keys of up to unspecified sizes can be generated, but
the instructions within the app suggest 8192 at least; more than
sufficient.  As noted in another reply, PGP/mime is not supported. That
functionality may be an issue, but given all three of the replies that
I've seen to your query (including mine) are inline, that shouldn't be a
problem with day to day operations.
Attachments do not have sigs produced for them when emailed, but you can
manually encrypt them using the APG app before attaching them to an
email. K-9 works well with that app. File compression and message
compression are both supported, most if not all of the encryption and
hashing algorithms commonly found in gnupg are incorporated, and the app
even supports ASCII armoured docs. All in all, an excellent tool.
Someone recently forked the APG app, around the same time I was looking
at doing the same, since the project has been inactive for nearly two
years. His name escapes me, but he also manages the ad-away app. Also,
The Guardian Project is porting gnupg.
All in all an excellent project, highly recommended.

@_date: 2012-08-29 00:00:22
@_author: Landon Hurley 
@_subject: what is killing PKI? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
In that case, perception of threat and more importantly loss of tangible
goods keeps PIN secure. Obviously that works for envelopes as well, but
honestly I think economics probably holds even more strongly. It's
cheaper to buy a ton of envelopes than an equal number of postcards.
A minor point of erratum as well, but I don't think "killing PKI" is the
correct terminology for what we're really talking about. Something
generally has to be alive before you can kill it, and PKI really hasn't
been widely enough adopted that I would call it "alive" per say. It
could be my perception of it, but going mainstream, ( and I mean normal
people using it by choice, or better, by default) and then something
causing it to recede would be more in line with killing.
While we're kicking around pet theories though, I still think web mail
has to be a significant barrier. The ratio of people who use a browser
rather than a local mua at my uni are something like 4:1. If you get
people culturally used to using PKI though, they will, which in this
context would mean get them used to it in college. Just like the
Microsoft student pricing, the idea should be indoctrinate at a
relatively young age, so that they come to expect it later.
Alice logs in to webmail, which makes her feel secure, and as far as she
can tell Bob logs into his, and nobody can open it up otherwise. There's
no perception of threat, probably because very few lay people understand
1. How easy it is to intercept email and 2. How insecurely email is
stored. In the day and age when not having a Facebook account
gets you strange looks and mutters behind your back, unless you force
this upon people, it's not going to stick. Short of a massive
government surveillance controversy with jackbooted thugs roving the
country, nothing (for loose definitions of nothing) is going to convince
people to voluntarily seek PKI, because they don't see a threat. Even in
that situation, a good ~30% of the population can be counted on to come
back to the 'should have nothing to hide' argument.
The barrier is solely cultural, not technical. Enigmail, Thunderbird and
gpg4win are trivial to set up. The first time I did it, it was on the
phone, talking someone through it. So we either need to invent some sort
of massive threat perception to unite everyone to adopt PKI, or just
continue to push it as a grass roots movement. Or if some kind person
would like to introduce a viable third option, I think a decent portion
of humanity would owe him/her a debt. On the other hand, I'm advocating
a rather heavy handed, Platonian, do it for people's own good even if
they don't like it/decide they need it, so I'm sure at least some, or
even most, will disagree as well. I will add my confession to the pile
of selfish reasons to want to have PKI become widespread.

@_date: 2012-08-29 15:14:50
@_author: Landon Hurley 
@_subject: what is killing PKI? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Sorry, I was using the term threat and cost of not utilizing an
opportunity interchangeably in my head. I completely agree with you,
there are things I also had a thing about businesses originally in
there, and dropped it because I didn't want to throw even more text in
one email. Again, completely agree.
As for your second paragraph, I don't even trust my pharmacy to
actually act upon stuff they receive in some cases. I wish they could
actually be secure, but I don't anticipate it. I honestly wish I could
change from a mail order company.
I do have a question about where you talk about backups though. How
does PKI prevent back up loss?

@_date: 2012-08-30 14:34:56
@_author: Landon Hurley 
@_subject: what is killing PKI? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
I see. I wasn't thinking in terms of stolen password caches, just general financial record data or whatever other operation data maybe be backed up. Much clearer now.

@_date: 2012-08-30 19:37:51
@_author: Landon Hurley 
@_subject: what is killing PKI? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
I think Mark actually wrote that originally, in response to my query about what he meant regarding backup. Just in case that was me originally though, that list all breaks down to social engineering and rubber hose cryptanalysis. I'd assume though that the number of people who discuss PKI as pillow talk must be pretty low. Alcohol is a potential security risk I suppose. I've given lectures on worse when drunk. Hypnosis is ridiculous though. Not going to work. As for rbc and remote surveillance, you're done for. All but the last would still require access to the key as well though, assuming they don't have a problem torturing and stealing your laptop.

@_date: 2012-08-30 20:04:19
@_author: Landon Hurley 
@_subject: what is killing PKI? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
I meant PKI specifically not secrets in general. Obviously sex for people is a great motivator. Why don't you tell me about your private keys would be an amazing pick up line though.

@_date: 2012-10-04 21:12:09
@_author: Landon Hurley 
@_subject: what is killing PKI? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512
Won't the overhead from running gpg or equivalent limit the amount of
spam that will occur afterward anyway? The whole reason that spam works
and is profitable is in the agreggate of millions of messages. If I
introduce a .5 second latency, that undermines the whole economic
incentive, because I can no longer send messages quickly enough. Or am I
overestimating the time it takes to run a single message through
1024-bit RSA with SHA1?

@_date: 2012-09-10 16:46:13
@_author: Landon Hurley 
@_subject: A safe text editor // why?? 
Hash: SHA512
If van eck phreaking is a potential surveillance vector, I think that we
could categorically conclude that the person is screwed. This is
assuming that the person only has access to use the computer. If it's
his own computer the first thing I would recommend would be full disk
encryption, which should significantly mitigate the need for an
additional secure text editor, potentially combined with Tresor. Then,
in theory one could use low pass filtering fonts for text data, and as
our good friend wikipedia surmises, "randomising the least significant
bit of the video data information".
However, while it's been a while since I've been playing around with
this, I don't recall software security measures ever doing a whole hell
of a lot. Hardware solutions tended to be the only real mitigation, and
I would strongly recommend a Faraday cage. Maybe some sort of hood made
out of wire mesh to stop radiation leakage. Either way, it is both
conspicuous, and without controlling the computer, very difficult.
...Or was this just an example of an argumentum ad ridiculum?
