
@_date: 2008-07-28 13:09:18
@_author: Loren M. Lang 
@_subject: Key Flags Discontinuity 
There seems to be a discontinuity on the usage of key flags between the primary key and subkeys.  The key flags for subkeys is stored in the subkey binding signature of which there is one of and affects all trust on that subkey.  The primary key's key flags are stored in the self-signatures of it's various user ids linking it to the trust of a specific user id.  It seems to me that it would be more appropriate to put the key flags in a direct key signature (0x1F) of the primary key. Is this allowed by OpenPGP?

@_date: 2008-07-28 12:36:07
@_author: Loren M. Lang 
@_subject: Key Flags 
I am trying to understand the differences between the key flags sign and certify.  As I understand it all self-signatures are a type of certification so the primary key needs certify, but not sign.  A subkey can have sign and not certify.  Also, when signing someone elses user id or user attribute the signing key must have certify.  The sign flag is used for signing things not part of the web of trust such as emails, software, etc.

@_date: 2008-11-09 03:56:42
@_author: Loren M. Lang 
@_subject: Resign existing key with higher trust 
I cross-signed two of my keys without specifying a certification level,
but now I want to change the certification level to positive since both
are mine and on the same key chain, but GnuPG doesn't let me saying I've
already signed them.  I have no need to revoke the existing signatures,
I just want to increase the certification level and generate new

@_date: 2008-11-17 11:35:29
@_author: Loren M. Lang 
@_subject: Trust Signatures 
What the GnuPG users mailing list down for a while?  There appears to be
a gap in my Inbox and none of my messages sent during that time have
shown up.  It's been 4 days so I'm resending it.
I having trouble understanding trust signatures in OpenPGP so I decided
to run an experiment.  I created a new private key for me in a fresh
GNUPGHOME followed by private keys for Alice, Bobbie, Charlie, and
Mallory in a separate GNUPGHOME.  I had Alice sign Bobbie's public key
who signed Charlie's who signed Mallory's.  I then imported Alice,
Bobbie, Charlie, and Mallory's public keys into my GNUPGHOME.  All there
keys showed up as unknown trust and unknown validity as expected.  I
then signed Alice's public key.  All signatures so far have been trust
signatures with a depth of 4 and full trust with no domain specified.
At this point Alice's key shows up as fully trusted and fully valid as
expected.  Bobbie's key became automatically fully valid without me
setting an ownertrust on Alice, but Bobbie's trust is marked as unknown.
Charlie's key is unknown trust with undefined validity.  As I understand
trust signatures, all keys up to Mallory should be valid, what am I

@_date: 2008-11-17 11:29:21
@_author: Loren M. Lang 
@_subject: appending to gpg file? 
I'd recommend just ascii-armoring it.  That will cleanly separate out
the messages and be easy to parse back in.  Use the -a option to gpg.
