
@_date: 2015-02-17 22:32:57
@_author: Lukas Pitschl 
@_subject: Please remove MacGPG from gnupg.org due to serious security 
Hi all,
since we?ve only now subscribed to the gnupg-users list, unfortunately we can?t reply to the correct message in the thread.
First off we?d like to apologize for not reacting sooner to this issue. We only today became aware of it, when we received a message on our support platform (thanks Sandeep), and later a comment on Github (thanks Hugo) regarding the affected line of code.
While we?re responding to all mail and discussions opened on our support platform, we don?t keep track of Twitter regularly. Some  days we see everything going on there and respond immediately and other days we don't check Twitter at all, so unfortunately it's possible that important messages remain unseen.
The best way to reach us is either our support platform at  or team at gpgtools.org.
The code that checks out our GPGTools_Core repository is pretty old already and it?s certainly a stupid way to do it.
At  the time we assumed that it was safe to check it out via ssl from github, since curl would refuse to do so if there was a certificate error. Passing it directly to bash is definitely a bad idea.
We?ve discussed this internally and decided on removing the automated checkout completely.
By making it a manual task, everyone can checkout the code and verify that it?s in fact the code they wanted to checkout.
We will also look through our build system and check for similar code if there is.
To  address the "Modify source code to allow non-sensical 8192 bit keys" mentioned by Villa: in the past we were too quick to give in to user requests without first researching the side-effects that could be caused by this.
The ?non-sensical 8192 bit keys? is one instance. It was requested by a few users and a quick ?fix?. We?ve seen that homebrew did the same and decided to add this option. We believed if some users wanted this option, we should not hinder them.
Unfortunately to this day, there still seems to be a lot of disagreement (not on the gnupg list, but other blogs / places on the internet) on whether such a key size makes sense or not. We?ve recently been accused again of "knowlingly lowering the overall security? [1] by not allowing such a key size.
We?re still not sure what to do about it exactly.
In  regards to the fix of PCSC on Yosemite, this is a quick workaround which currently works ?well enough?, but we?re still waiting to hear from more users if it?s really fixed. Once it is, we?ll be certain to discuss it on gnupg-devel.
We?ve been wanting for a while now to discuss our few patches with the gnupg-devel list in order to push them upstream or find a different solution, but unfortunately have been struggling to find time to do that. We also believe that providing gnupg as is on OS X would be the way to go.
To clarify some info posted on this thread about "GPGTools going commercial?: we will only charge a fee for GPGMail, the rest of GPG Suite will remain free. The source code will also remain open and on Github.
It's true we sometimes failed to keep it up to date in the past, but we're committed to make sure that it stays current with new releases.
We really appreciate any feedback and try to address any concerns as quickly as possible. As already mentioned above, it's not always possible for us to keep track of Twitter, so the best way to reach us is via email or our support platform.
Lukas, Steve, Mento
[1] Am 17.02.2015 um 20:58 schrieb Sandeep Murthy :

@_date: 2015-02-20 10:29:33
@_author: Lukas Pitschl 
@_subject: Please remove MacGPG from gnupg.org due to serious security 
We also believe that gnupg 2.1 should work as is with our Mail plugin and our other applications, it also has some improvements we?ve currently added patches to, so we should be able to get rid of a lot of them. Unfortunately until now we?ve not had the time to look more closely into the changes of gnupg 2.1.
It would be great if there?s an outline of the changes which might break backwards compatibility (if any). Following gnupg-devel I?ve read about --allow-loopback-pinentry, which sounded like our tools might need some adjustments in that area.
Since gpg-agent was changed to be started on demand we?ve not been using any launchd scripts, as there no longer seems to be a need for them.
There?s no direct dependency on MacGPG from the tools, since all the communication goes through our Libmacgpg framework.
We have some users who are using homebrew?s gnupg or their own compiled version of gnupg and they?ve not run into major issues.
One that was recently mentioned on our support platform is that pinentry doesn?t store pass phrases if used with homebrew?s gnupg, it does however if they?re using MacGPG2, so there still seem to be minor differences, but some that should be fixed rather easily.
We?d be more than happy to work with gnupg-devel to get rid of our patches and build and distribute ?vanilla" gnupg.

@_date: 2015-02-20 10:38:43
@_author: Lukas Pitschl 
@_subject: Please remove MacGPG from gnupg.org due to serious security 
We?ve started to rework our build system in a different branch on github.
It no longer fetches any remote code and removes the dependency from GPGTools_Core, which was previously fetched.
It?s not complete yet, but we?re actively working on it and updating one ?application? at a time.
Am 19.02.2015 um 20:10 schrieb Werner Koch :

@_date: 2015-02-20 10:59:25
@_author: Lukas Pitschl 
@_subject: Please remove MacGPG from gnupg.org due to serious security 
Yes, we started on the website and changing it everywhere the old link is referenced.

@_date: 2015-02-20 15:54:50
@_author: Lukas Pitschl 
@_subject: Please remove MacGPG from gnupg.org due to serious security 
If I?m not mistaken it has been added in 2.0.24 or the like.
The template for launchd is no longer installed by our installer. If it?s still on your system, it might not have been properly removed.
Libmacgpg is similar to gpgme, but more friendly and easier to integrate for Objective-C projects.
We communicate with the gnupg binary, which then invokes gpg-agent when necessary.
gpg-agent does the caching, but pinentry communicates with gpg-agent. We?ve not been able to look into the homebrew issue yet, so not sure why that?s not working properly there.
Unless the users chooses to store their passphrase in OS X?s Keychain, then the lookup occurs directly in pinentry. (this is OS X only stuff, not sure if there?s something similar on Linux)

@_date: 2017-02-13 17:54:04
@_author: Lukas Pitschl | GPGTools 
@_subject: Questions about --throw-keyids 
Just thinking out loud here, but wouldn?t it be sensible for gnupg to have a ?silent? option,
that only try keys for which a passphrase is cached in gpg-agent?
While a fallback would have to be provided in case no matching key is found,
it would make it easier for those users that cache their passphrases.
As fallback gnupg could return the information that no cached passphrase was found,
allowing the MUA or plugin to then re-try without the option that enables ?silent? checking.

@_date: 2017-07-25 21:42:47
@_author: Lukas Pitschl | GPGTools 
@_subject: How to use a the same generated keypair on enigmail/thunderbird 
Since its release, Canary Mail is probably your best option, since it support OpenPGP out-of-the-box.
If you rather prefer to keep using iOS Mail, you?ll have to resort to the much less than user friendly options oPenGP and iPGMail (as others have mentioned). They work, but the user experience is really not pleasant if you receive a lot of encrypted messages. Also I don?t think they support verification of PGP/MIME messages (due to restrictions imposed by iOS).

@_date: 2018-05-15 17:53:39
@_author: Lukas Pitschl | GPGTools 
@_subject: Breaking MIME concatenation 
I have also already tried to implement a similar fix for Apple Mail a few days ago,
using  which did work, but is probably a too naive attempt
to mitigate against these XSS-kind of attacks. So I absolutely concur with Patricks statement, that the Mime Parsers have
to be adjusted to treat every text/html part as single DOM tree or even use different
web document instances to represent the message.

@_date: 2018-05-16 21:50:52
@_author: Lukas Pitschl | GPGTools 
@_subject: Breaking MIME concatenation 
Looks alright so far, does the same work for inline PGP? Is there
a particular for the specific inline-styles?
In macOS Mail we will disable remote content loading completely
and prevent the user from re-enabling it for encrypted messages.
Unfortunately the chance that Apple will fix their mime parser is
probably close to none. Currently also looking if it is possible to
inject a separate web document.

@_date: 2018-05-17 11:21:06
@_author: Lukas Pitschl | GPGTools 
@_subject: Efail or OpenPGP is safer than S/MIME 
During the implementation of our MDC fix, we came across two STATUS
messages which are not documented in doc/DETAILS which are:
- GOODMDC
- BADMDC
Is there any particular reason why these have not been added to
If we check for DECRYPTION_INFO 0 X (0 being NO MDC) and the
BADMDC status line (in addition to DECRYPTION_FAILED), can we
safely assume that all known cases of no MDC or modified MDC are
covered (even for CAST5, which at the moment issues DECRYPTION_OKAY)?

@_date: 2018-05-17 13:55:13
@_author: Lukas Pitschl | GPGTools 
@_subject: Efail or OpenPGP is safer than S/MIME 
Thank you very much for these additional details. We have adjusted our
implementation to consider the addition of the AEAD algorithm to the
DECRYPTION_INFO status message.

@_date: 2018-05-19 19:40:32
@_author: Lukas Pitschl | GPGTools 
@_subject: Efail - Possible Measures? 
We have been doing this in the past but changed it especially for
Exchanges servers if I remember correctly, since they tend to wrap
the multipart/encrypted mime part into other mime parts.
Also I think it was at the Dreieich conference when I brought this
issue up and was told that it is perfectly alright to have a
multipart/encrypted part as a child part of other parts.
It would however certainly fix this issue for PGP/MIME.
