
@_date: 2020-12-14 12:37:11
@_author: m.fernandes.business 
@_subject: Best practice to use several smartcards for a single key? 
Don't know whether you've considered USB security tokens, but you might
find them less likely to 'die' than smartcards. Once you put your private
key in one of the Nitrokey security-token products, it's supposed to be
impossible to extract the key (not sure whether the same is *as much* true
with the smartcards you are considering).
I agree with Nicolas Boullis, that using duplicate smartcards (or USB
security tokens) might be preferred for back-up purposes. If on the other
hand, you want to back-up your private key in the more conventional way
suggested by Andrew Gallagher, and you are worried about adversaries
gaining access to your backup, you might want to do something like
splitting the key into several parts, and then backing-up each of the parts
with a different friend/colleague, perhaps each of whom is located very far
away from the others: see Shamir's Secret Sharing
Kind regards,
Mark Fernandes

@_date: 2020-11-30 18:00:00
@_author: Mark Fernandes 
@_subject: Five volunteers needed (EU only please) 
It might be better only to use tags that have relatively small amounts of
memory, in order to be more secure: if your computer has been hacked, it
may try to do arbitrary code execution of data on the NFC, where someone
may have deceptively planted malware.
Kind regards,
Mark Fernandes

@_date: 2020-10-06 07:00:00
@_author: Mark Fernandes 
@_subject: Five volunteers needed (EU .... Are you sure that this is really 
Hello Stefan. Forgive my ignorance, but I'm failing to see the significant
benefit of such a method. Is what you are proposing similar to sending an
encrypted message on CD via the post, that the recipient then gets
decrypted using the public key published on the internet?
I don't consider postal systems, even those in the EU, to be generally
secure or at least verifiable as being secure. Actually worked for a
Christmas stint at Royal Mail, helping out with the extra mail--didn't
convince me that mail was much secured. Postmen can be blackmailed, bribed,
or succumb to other methods of attack. What's stopping someone working in
the postal system from simply corruptly sending data to outside the EU?
Mark F
P. S. I have an idea about how public-private key encryption can be used
for detecting forged physical currency. But I suppose this is probably the
wrong forum for such things?

@_date: 2020-10-07 09:26:15
@_author: Mark Fernandes 
@_subject: Five volunteers needed (EU .... Are you sure that this is 
I strongly doubt that *hard working* postmen will do this, because sooner or
Hello Stefan. I'm not saying hard-working, honest postmen would do this,
but not all postmen are necessarily hard-working and honest. How difficult
is it to steam-open an envelope, take a photo of the contents with your
smartphone, send it abroad, and then reseal the envelope? And that's just
the obvious form of corruption... My father lived through a revolution in
the country of his birth, and ended-up leaving the country. The people who
caused the revolution likely didn't all of a sudden organise; probably
through clandestine, and partly corrupt practices, they organised and
planned their attacks. Believing that the postal systems are definitely
secure just seems unwarranted.
I tend to think (perhaps you might say wrongly), that the internet
represents a more secure form of communication, partly because of its
history of origin and development being based in the US military.
Concerning the roots of email providers, I was under the belief that often
internet services were encrypted such that employees of a provider
basically couldn't see user assets in unencrypted form. I would be
surprised if Google employees could read my emails without somehow getting
the password from me. I know email isn't necessarily secure, but so far as
employees and company resources at the provider's end, I don't think they
can do much really. Extra efforts would have to be made to intercept
unencrypted traffic. If I just sent a GMAIL email to another GMAIL address,
because such emails are not at all sent unencrypted (as far as I know), it
would be impossible to read the email unless they somehow hacked my user
environment, eg. if they did something like capturing my password using
hidden cameras in my room. Perhaps I'm wrong?
I'm definitely not saying that the postal system can't be used. But I'm
just saying that perhaps it doesn't represent more than a little more
security than certain digital forms of communication. The good thing about
cryptography algorithms, is that you can study the mathematics behind them,
and convince yourself that they work. Whereas with the postal system, it's
more based simply on reputation and the word of other people. The
algorithms can be verified by users, but the same doesn't seem much true
with the postal system.
Your idea though, of using both digital comms and the postal system
together, is probably a good one, but just not sure you have the right form
Mark F
