
@_date: 2004-04-28 09:24:05
@_author: Dennis Lambe Jr. 
@_subject: encrypting files in a script 
That's because you haven't signed the key.  GPG's "trust" is actually a
measure of how much you trust that key to sign other people's keys
responsibly.  What you're trying to do is assure GPG that the key really
does belong to the person it says it does, which is accomplished through
signing it (or trusting someone who signed it, thanks to the Web of
This is not a good solution in this case.  I don't even think it will
solve the problem, and it's giving the key's owner a lot of credit that
you may not have good reason to give him or her.
If your script is supposed to handle arbitrary keys gracefully, this is
probably the best way.  It ignores all issues of whether the key belongs
to the person it claims to, which is a security hazard in many
circumstances.  Can you give a little more information about what this
script does?

@_date: 2004-04-28 09:24:11
@_author: Dennis Lambe Jr. 
@_subject: Remote signing 
This risk can be mitigated by having the client-side script print out
the to-be-signed text for verification.

@_date: 2004-04-29 15:27:18
@_author: Dennis Lambe Jr. 
@_subject: re. Moving from PGP to GnuPG and other questions ... 
Signing a key means that you believe that the key belongs to the person
it says it does.  Trusting a key means you trust that person's
competency in signing other keys.
If you don't sign a key, you may still be able to encrypt to it if you
trust someone who has signed that key.
The mistake you're making is assuming that you always have to sign a key
to encrypt to it.  This is not the case.  You have to /either/ sign the
key /or/ trust one of its signers.  Let's take a real-world example:
You have downloaded Lewis Powell's key (72007281), and then signed it
(after duly verifying that it actually belongs to him via, for example,
meeting him at a key-signing party and personally checking his
government-issued ID and his key fingerprint).  You know Lewis, and you
know that he will only sign a key if he has made sure that it belongs to
the person it says it does, so you've assigned him full trust (4).
You get an email from me, Dennis Lambe (F53BA904).  You download my key
from a keyserver in order to verify the signature.  Since you trust
Lewis, and Lewis has signed my key, you don't need to sign my key in
order to be confident that I am who I say I am.  GPG will not complain
that it can't be sure the key really belongs to me, since it knows Lewis
is sure, and it knows that you trust Lewis's diligence at signing keys.
This is all necessary because without either checking that the person
who owns the key matches the name on the key, or trusting someone who
has, there's really no telling who uploaded the key to the key server. I could create a key right now with a UID of "Dennis Green
" and post it to a keyserver.  If GPG let anyone
encrypt to that key without a further verification step, then I could
read all your email (and you couldn't).
I hope that clears things up.
