
@_date: 2003-07-08 19:11:02
@_author: malsyned@dennisx.cif.rochester.edu 
@_subject: Corporate public key? 
This seems to be the same sort of scenario that Verisign deals with.  They have a certificate that belongs to "Verisign Corporation".  So that at least proves it's possible.
A corporate GPG key for ING could be handled in plenty of ways.  Certain
trusted employees are given the ability to access the private key of ING Corporation, either by giving them the password, or by giving their UNIX
account execute access to a SUID script.  There are plenty of ways to control access to the private key.
Some out-of-band mechanism could be used to verify ING's corporate fingerprint.  One can presume that their fingerprint would become widely known pretty quickly, making it hard to masquerade as them.  Perhaps the postal service provides a kind of certified mail that would guarantee the sender and recipient of a letter to you containing the fingerprint?  I'm not sure, but the issues are of the same level of complexity as them verifying your key.
An ING corporate key has added power when the WoT is taken into
consideration.  If ING's signing policy states that an ING signature on a
key means that the individual is an authorized agent of ING, you can be
sure that when you receive a communication from anyone who's key bears
ING's signature, that person is authorized to act on behalf of ING.  Perhaps their UID would contain their corporate title:
uid  John Smith (Vice President of Security) sig    ING Corporation So now, when John Smith tells you he works for ING and that your loan was approved, you know it's true.
This use of the WoT along with a corporate signature means that very few people (perhaps just a guy in IT and a guy in HR) need access to ING's main private key in order to sign new employee's keys and revoke signatures on former employees when they leave the company.
I'm a CS undergrad and an expert in nothing, but to me this seems like a good and workable idea.
--Dennis Lambe

@_date: 2003-07-09 01:58:02
@_author: malsyned@dennisx.cif.rochester.edu 
@_subject: Gnupg-users digest, Vol 1 #1332 - 9 msgs 
The same out-of-band authentication that was used to create the account in
the first place should be good enough to change what keys are associated
with the account.  After all, the reliability of those methods were all
the security you ever had anyway.
--Dennis Lambe

@_date: 2003-06-04 01:54:01
@_author: malsyned@dennisx.cif.rochester.edu 
@_subject: newbie needs clarification 
It is not broken down like that.  A DH/DSS key is broken down into a top-level DSA signing key (DSS) and an ElGamal encryption subkey (DH).
The secret key is a seperate piece of data (also made up of DSA and ElGamal parts) which GnuPG stores on a separate keyring.  You distribute your public key and keep your secret key private.
Changing your encryption subkey often can help with security.  It means that if a subkey is broken, only a fraction of your messages will be readable.  Changing your signing key often is thought to be less important by some.
Associating an Identity with a key asserts that the person identified owns the key.  A self-signature on the ID binds it to the particular public key, and the signature of others on the ID form the basis for trusting keys you haven't personally verified.
IDs are only bound to a primary key, and multiple IDs can be bound to it, each with potentially different sets of signatures, especially if you add a new email address to a key long after it's creation or something like "sub-level ID" (or "sub ID") isn't really a concept.  All IDs are pretty
much created equal, except that one can (at any time) be identified by you
as "primary" (can someone else commment on what making an ID "primary"  means?).  All IDs are associated with your primary key via a
self-signature, as is your encryption subkey.  You sign things with your primary key, and people can determine your identity by looking at what IDs are bound to that key.
That's correct.
It helps to understand all of this if you start seeing your key as a collection of packets.  For example, your key probably looks like this:
DSA Signing Primary Key packet
ID packet
self-signature packet binding ID to primary key
ID packet 2
self-signature packet binding ID 2 to primary key
ElGamal Encryption Subkey packet
self-signature packet binding subkey to primary key
--Dennis Lambe

@_date: 2003-06-04 09:05:03
@_author: malsyned@dennisx.cif.rochester.edu 
@_subject: newbie needs clarification 
Your "public key" is actually made up of several packets, one of which is a DSA signing key, one of which is your ElGamal encryption subkey, and one for each ID and signature as well.  All of these things, including multiple cryptographic public keys, are all bundled together into one PGP/GnuPG public key, which is what you export and sent to people.
No.  You can and should sign any key once you've verified the identity of
the owner.  Given a signature, GnuPG can determine what key produced it
(that's the whole point). What makes a signature a self-signature is the
fact that it's a signature on a public key generated by it's corresponding
private key.
You can verify the signatures on a key by running gpg --check-sigs .  A self-signature should be easy to spot, since it's made by the key you own ;-)
You can actually have as many subkeys, both encryption and signing, as you like.  You must have a primary key which is capable of signing (and you You need one primary signing key because it is that key (and the IDs attached to it) that other people sign, and it is that key that signs other keys.  Signing subkeys can be used to sign documents, though, and some of the people on this list can come up with reasons why that might be useful.  For now, one primary signing key and one encryption subkey should be all you need to worry about.
That "ornament" is the cornerstone of the PGP trust model.  A reread of
the section of the GNU Privacy Manual on signatures and trust might be
enlightening, now that you've got this much down.
Revoking an ID can mean a lot of things.  It can mean, for example, that a particular email address is no longer valid, or that plastic surgery has rendered your photoID inaccurate.
You can revoke your primary signing key as well, which invalidates the whole thing, since all of the self-signatures that hold the key together would be invalidated.
--Dennis Lambe

@_date: 2003-06-17 01:15:03
@_author: malsyned@dennisx.cif.rochester.edu 
@_subject: German: Deutsche =?iso-8859-1?q?=DCbersetzung=20von=20einigen?= 
Something that programmers occasionally forget is that non-programmers are
not familiar with this usage of the term "string."  In English, anyway. =20
Is the situation different in German?  Is the lay German-speaker familiar
with using "string" to mean a finite, ordered sequence of symbols, esp. =20
--Dennis Lambe

@_date: 2003-05-15 01:06:02
@_author: malsyned@dennisx.cif.rochester.edu 
@_subject: Endianness issues with GPG 
Most of the data in any OpenPGP message is treated as a sequence of octets (8-bit bytes), and so there wouldn't be any more endianness trouble with those parts of the message than their would with everyone's favorite type of octet stream, the ASCII text file.
Some chunks of data in an OpenPGP message, however, do deal in multi-byte
chunks, and so endianness issues do become relavent.  However, the OpenPGP
standard, RFC 2440, disambiguates this issue by requiring all multi-byte
data to be in big-endian.  Here are some of the relavent sections from the
3.1. Scalar numbers
   Scalar numbers are unsigned, and are always stored in big-endian
   format. Using n[k] to refer to the kth octet being interpreted, the
   value of a two-octet scalar is ((n[0] << 8) + n[1]). The value of a
   four-octet scalar is ((n[0] << 24) + (n[1] << 16) + (n[2] << 8) +
   n[3]).
3.2. Multi-Precision Integers
   Multi-Precision Integers (also called MPIs) are unsigned integers
   used to hold large integers such as the ones used in cryptographic
   calculations.
   An MPI consists of two pieces: a two-octet scalar that is the length
   of the MPI in bits followed by a string of octets that contain the
   actual integer.
   These octets form a big-endian number; a big-endian number can be
   made into an MPI by prefixing it with the appropriate length.
Most standards, especially Internet RFCs, address the endianness issue so that crossplatform interoperability can be ensured.  I hope that clears up your confusion.
--Dennis Lambe
