
@_date: 2017-08-01 20:55:28
@_author: Mario Figueiredo 
@_subject: Your Thoughts 
"The researchers didn't perform an exhaustive analysis of the encryption
methods devised by Alice and Bob"
So there isn't much that can be said. The experiment was pretty much a
game of life between the couple and Eve, with the more than predictable
outcome that Eve shows signs of gaining ground right until a new cypher
is devised. We have that already in the real world.
There's nothing here to either support or disproof Neural Networks
abilities in the field of cryptology and it is not clear at all what the
objective of this experiment was or what was expected to be gained from
it. Except maybe an headline on Ars Technica. Known for, among other
things, to also make headlines of Elon Musk verbal diarrhea. On Tue, 1 Aug 2017 18:30:05 +0100

@_date: 2017-08-04 13:42:54
@_author: Mario Figueiredo 
@_subject: gnupg or gpg-agent options for parallelism and memory usage 
OT sidenote: Took me a while to realize this, and I must have annoyed a
few people on my early replies. All fixed now. And my apologies.

@_date: 2017-08-30 10:34:10
@_author: Mario Figueiredo 
@_subject: E-mail with deniable authentication 
This isn't true. The necessity for deniability arises many times in
contexts where the odds aren't measured clinically, where the
possibility of one's PC being compromised isn't know or established,
or which has much lower thresholds of acceptance. Examples are
dictatorships, and many forms of human relationships, including job
I would say that it is the exact opposite of what you said, in
practice OpenPGP is nonrepudiable.
But that's fine. One can argue that OpenPGP isn't designed to offer
that feature and probably never will. Deniability, particularly
when it comes to the subject of communication, requires that the
message itself can be deniable. OpenPGP does not do any of that. That
level of protection exists a layer up OpenPGP.
If one wants to use deniability with OpenPGP, one just needs to wrap
OpenPGP messages in systems that support it.

@_date: 2017-07-25 21:30:17
@_author: Mario Figueiredo 
@_subject: gpg-agent cache keygrip 
Hello everyone,
I've been trying to understand gpg-agent cache behavior in the presence
of two distinct keys with the same passphrase. Namely, why is that it
only asks for the passphrase once, regardless of the key being used?
So I've read the Assuan protocol documentation at (1), in particular
the text in the linked page and the descriptions for PRESET_PASSPHRASE
and GET_PASSPHRASE. But it isn't getting me any closer to understand
this behavior, because from my own interpretation, it enters into
contradiction with what I am experiencing.
I would normally expect the gpg-agent cache to operate on a per-key
basis, regardless of passphrase. And this is precisely what the
description for the keygrip on the Assuan protocol seems to indicate.
However, that is not what happens and gpg-agent seems to ignore the key
being used and instead reuse the previously used passphrase from
another key, which just happens to be the same passphrase for the new
Is this a bug, or expected behavior? And if the latter, what is the
rationale for it? Since it seems to only worsen an already weak
decision security-wise, which is to choose the same passphrase for two
distinct keys.  (1)

@_date: 2017-07-26 20:08:28
@_author: Mario Figueiredo 
@_subject: gpg-agent cache keygrip 
Hello Werner,
Thank you for the information and debug method. And hopefully this
problem will be fixed sometime in the near future. My brain is old
and tired and it can't just commit to yet another unique password of
any decent quality.
The sharing of passwords between different keys becomes inevitable
after a certain threshold. And I suspect for everyone, not just old
people. And the gpg-agent just isn't dealing with this situation in an
acceptable way.

@_date: 2017-07-27 13:46:10
@_author: Mario Figueiredo 
@_subject: gpg-agent cache keygrip 
I already use a password manager. I use 'pass'. Most my keys are
generated with `pwgen -s` (for some reason I prefer it to pass own
generator). All told, I have 83 password file entries
in .password-store/.
But these are non essential passwords. Forums, internet services, etc.
You must understand, I use old systems that I maintain for 10 years or
more. Despite backups there is always the fear that I might one day
lose this central password storage. So essential passwords are created
differently; GnuPG keys, my 2 main email addresses, system boot,
banking, taxes website, CC pin,... this world is not an easy place to
live in.
They do too have their entries on the password store, of course. But
they must be committed to memory too. As such, for these type of
passwords, you understand that a password manager acts simply as an
unreliable backup store and not and not as a management tool.

@_date: 2017-07-27 15:33:07
@_author: Mario Figueiredo 
@_subject: gpg-agent cache keygrip 
This is precisely what 'pass' (1) does. I never looked back since I
started using it.
Of note also the fact pass is not a a compiled program, but instead a
shell script smartly wrapping GnuPG functionality into the shape of a
password manager. For this reason, I don't know if anyone ever ported
the idea to Windows, but from what little I remember of Powershell, it
would be perfectly doable.
I use pass with rofi-pass to facilitate the integration with browsers
and applications, allowing me to quickly enter passwords without typing
them into any type of program that accepts keyboard input from the
clipboard. And without *any* need for plugins of any sort on those
pesky browsers.
This indeed is not so bad if is also GnuPG that is handling your
password manager. Although, I'd agree that is one thing to discover the
GnuPG passphrase for a password manager and it is another thing to also
discover that you now have the victim passwords for the remainder GnuPG
keys accessible to you.
But there are other considerations. Who am I? What I do in life? Who
are my enemies? Depending on how good we are answering these questions
in a rational way, I find that a large part of the general population
has little to no reason to fear storing sensitive GnuPG specific data
in their personal entirely-offline password store. As an FYI, I do not store the actual passphrases, but I do store the
0-type revocation certificates with 'pass'. I don't feel that
threatening and it tremendously facilitates things for someone without
any access to reliable and secure physical storage. There is no reason
why I couldn't store the passphrases also. I will eventually, the day I
start fearing my brain.

@_date: 2017-07-31 15:44:52
@_author: Mario Figueiredo 
@_subject: 'sign (and cert)' or just 'cert' on a master key with subkeus 
Could probably be a direct application of this Debian article (1) on
subkeys. And meant to to facilitate the recovery of the web of trust in
case of disaster.
On a separate tutorial (2), Alan Eliasen strongly advises against this
(1) (2)

@_date: 2017-07-31 16:51:11
@_author: Mario Figueiredo 
@_subject: 'sign (and cert)' or just 'cert' on a master key with subkeus 
I'm replying to my own post, because the above seem a little like I'm
trying to make an argument from authority. That was not my intention.
It's just poorly worded.
Read it as "The author of a separate tutorial advises against this

@_date: 2017-07-31 19:01:38
@_author: Mario Figueiredo 
@_subject: 'sign (and cert)' or just 'cert' on a master key with subkeus 
Which essentially describes my whole first impressions of GnuPG until I
finally decided to read the official documentation. Particularly the
GNU Privacy Handbook and the Mini HowTo.

@_date: 2017-09-05 21:58:44
@_author: Mario Figueiredo 
@_subject: Configuring dirmngr 
I'm having trouble configuring dirmngr to use a default keyserver.
The current configuration file at .gnupg/dirmngr.conf contains this
single line:
    keyserver hkp://pgp.mit.edu
However trying to use --recv-keys always fails:
    $ gpg --recv-keys 0x194b631ab2da2888
    gpg: no valid OpenPGP data found.
    gpg: Total number processed: 0
I can only make it work by using the deprecated method of explicitly
naming the keyserver:
    $ gpg --keyserver hkp://pgp.mit.edu --recv-keys 0x194b631ab2da2888
    key 194B631AB2DA2888:
    32 signatures not checked due to missing keys
    gpg: key 194B631AB2DA2888: "Andreas R?nnquist
    " not changed gpg: Total number processed: 1
    gpg:              unchanged: 1
What am I doing wrong in the dirmngr configuration file?

@_date: 2017-09-06 19:37:27
@_author: Mario Figueiredo 
@_subject: Configuring dirmngr 
Thank you, Daniel. There was a problem with how I was restarting
dirmngr on my script. You post helped identify it. And problem is
