
@_date: 2008-12-02 10:44:59
@_author: Mark Rousell 
@_subject: New GnuPT-Version and new WinPT-Website 
Hash: SHA1
Most kind of you Robert, however I posted my message to prompt Barry to
perhaps provide the URL which he apparently missed out of his announcement.

@_date: 2008-12-03 04:35:42
@_author: Mark Rousell 
@_subject: New GnuPT-Version and new WinPT-Website 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
The text of mine that you are quoting above was sent to Robert
privately, not to the list. If Robert replied to the list as well as to
me personally then I only saw his direct reply and I didn't see it via
the list. Anyway, the following point you make (which is essentially the
same as the core point that Robert was making)...
...is a good one. As I said to Robert in private mail, the issue of
trust and of taking personal responsibility for the verification of
information is obviously important. But the point I was making to
Robert, which is that in general in my view it's quite a good idea for
an announcement to include such basic information as how to find the
thing that the announcement is promoting, is orthogonal to (i.e. does
not conflict with) your and Robert's point. Read on for why.
The thing to remember is in this context is that taking personal
responsibility for verifying information received is a valid and
relevant principle regardless of how much or how little information you
have available to you to begin with. In this specific case it would
still have been an important and relevant principle even if the original
announcement had included a URL (as, you must surely admit, is normal
and common practice for promotional announcements in this type of
environment). Thus there is no logical basis (in terms of personal
responsibility for information verification) to intentionally avoid
including a URL.
In other words, including a URL would have done no harm (since the issue
of personal information verification would be the same as if no link was
included) and furthermore it would tend to align with the common and
every-day idea of making promotional announcements, i.e. to tell people
what they need to know to find the thing you're promoting!
You also quote Robert's comment about an announcement being a favour to
the audience. As I said in my reply to Robert, it may well be the case
that making such an announcement is doing the audience a favour but it's
not the only way to look at it: The audience may well be doing the
announcer (or the entity that is being promoted) a favour by reading the
website or by trying the software that the announcement is promoting.
This being so you might think that it could benefit the announcer to
make it as easy as possible for the audience to accurately and quickly
find what is being promoting without having to go through any extra
steps to get there. Whether or not the audience /choose/ to go through
those extra steps to personally verify the information provided to them
in the announcement is, of course, entirely up to them.
Anyway, I've said enough on this issue. I don't with to further pollute
the list with this off-topic discussion. If you don't agree with my view
on this then we'll just have to agree to differ. :-)
The only reason I posted my initial comment to the list in this thread
was simply because I thought Barry had accidentally overlooked including
a URL in his announcement.

@_date: 2009-09-09 07:25:56
@_author: Mark Rousell 
@_subject: Turning off GPG-Agent on default install of GPG4Win 2.0.0 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Let us know what you find out but as far as I am aware there is no way
to prevent GnuPG 2 from using gpg-agent/pinentry.exe. I asked about this
some time ago on the Enigmail list (I initially thought it was an
Enigmail problem) and Patrick Brunschwig told me that GnuPG 2 insists on
always using an external gpg-agent program of some sort.
Thus the solution, if you don't want to use gpg-agent, is to switch back
to using GnuPG 1 (which isn't included in Gpg4win any more, or at least
it wasn't included when I last looked at Gpg4win).
GnuPG 1 and 2 can co-exist perfectly happily in practice.

@_date: 2011-08-22 03:54:53
@_author: Mark Rousell 
@_subject: Location of GnuPG 1.4.11 Windows binary 
I just thought the following might be helpful for Windows users of GnuPG
I had been running 1.4.10 on Windows for some time and I thought it was
time I checked for an upgrade so I visited
 to see if there was a new version. I
found that 1.4.11 was available but that the binary download links had
disappeared! The only reference to Windows binaries is now via Gpg4win
but that project only provides Windows binaries of 2.x and not 1.x.
Happily however I found that the traditional standalone Windows binary
installer is still in available via FTP. It's simply not linked from the
GnuPG website as far as I can see. Here's the link:
Thank goodness for that.
If anyone from GnuPG is reading this, please don't stop building (and
providing links to) Windows binaries for GnuPG 1.x. I'm sure I can't be
the only user of it. :-)
I'm sure it wouldn't be the end of the world for me to learn how to
compile it for Windows but I know that the GnuPG developers will
probably do a better job of it than me. ;-)

@_date: 2012-06-09 10:28:04
@_author: Mark Rousell 
@_subject: can someone verify the gnupg Fingerprint for pubkey? 
Just as an aside, I presume you are referring to this header line:
OpenPGP: id=1E42B367; url=finger:wk at g10code.com
Do you know of any common modern browsers that have finger protocol
support built in? I wonder, how many people even have a finger client
installed (that their browser would be able to find)?

@_date: 2012-06-09 14:29:21
@_author: Mark Rousell 
@_subject: can someone verify the gnupg Fingerprint for pubkey? 
Err.. sorry, not following you. :-) Who is using Dreamhost and what has
it got to do with the finger protocol? Werner doesn't seem to be using
Dreamhost for what it's worth.
Anyway, I admit that my comment about the finger protocol is not exactly
on-topic but I was just curious about Werner's assumption that the
protocol would be meaningful to an arbitrary browser. For example, even
though I've got a command line finger client on my system none of my
installed browsers know about it. I'd have to manually add a system
mapping for the finger: protocol (and even then I'd also have to add a
wrapper to open the finger client in a persistent shell so I could see
the results).

@_date: 2012-06-11 07:46:44
@_author: Mark Rousell 
@_subject: can someone verify the gnupg Fingerprint for pubkey? 
Finger protocol: I think that Finger protocol support was removed from Firefox in V4 (or
even before). Not sure when it was removed from IE (or if it was ever
To my great surprise, Windows has a native command line finger client
(still there in W7).

@_date: 2013-06-10 20:39:49
@_author: Mark Rousell 
@_subject: Why OpenPGP is not wanted - stupid is in vogue right now 
Hash: SHA1
I just wanted to say that you have neatly encapsulated my feelings on
the subject: Stupid is in vogue.
My concern is that it will be for a long time to come. It is ironic
that technology is, to a considerable extent, what has made it
possible. So much is taken care of by technology that it is simple and
easy to be "stupid". You can get away with it. That suits the data
miners of this world just fine.

@_date: 2013-06-26 03:25:24
@_author: Mark Rousell 
@_subject: GpgEX for 64 bit Windows test version 
If you run any 32bit programs at all (i.e. most applications) then the
system-supplied file open/save dialogs for those programs with be 32bit
and so these will use 32bit Explorer extensions.
(Oops, forgot to reply to list previously).

@_date: 2013-06-26 03:34:29
@_author: Mark Rousell 
@_subject: GpgEX for 64 bit Windows test version 
It is true that 32bit Windows Explorer cannot be run on 64bit Windows 7
and later but what Josef said about file open/save dialogs in 32bit
programs and 32bit file managers running on 64bit Windows is correct --
these still use 32bit shell extensions Windows.

@_date: 2013-06-26 03:35:45
@_author: Mark Rousell 
@_subject: GpgEX for 64 bit Windows test version 
And I see that Josef Schneider already said the same thing. Apologies
for the repetition.
