
@_date: 2013-07-15 15:25:15
@_author: Martin 
@_subject: How to back up my key 
Hello everyone,
I'm new to GPG and unfortunately, the longer I browse the internet and read
about the topic, the lesser I know :(
I would like to hear your opinions on this setup:
1. I have turned my Raspberry Pi into my super secure offline computer.
This system will never be connected to the internet, it uses a keyboard
which I have bought only for this system and both, the RPi and the keyboard
will be locked into my safe. So: No malware, no keyloggers (hardware and
2. I will create my GPG keys on this system and store them on a USB drive
inside a TrueCrypt container. I will carry that drive with me all the time.
I think it's not even necessary to put the keys into a TrueCrypt container
since they are encrypted as well but in case I lose the drive and someone
finds it, he would not immediately know what kind of content he is dealing
with and would probably just delete the stuff.
3. I would like to have further backups of that drive, who knows, it might
get damaged some day and I don't want to lose my key that way.
My questions are the following:
a) Do you see any flaws in that setup?
b) If I assume that my everyday laptop is infested with spyware and
keyloggers (which I don't believe), all my precautions are useless, aren't
they? In order to mount the TrueCrypt volume I have to enter the password
and in order to encrypt/decrypt mails, I have to enter the password for my
GPG key. A spy would now know my password and maybe even be able to
download my key, wouldn't he? Does that mean, I can only encrypt/decrpyt
messages on my offline machine, then copy them on a thumbdrive, then paste
them into my mail client??
c) How can I create further backups? Obviously I can just copy the contents
of my important USB stick onto more sticks. They will hardly all fail at
the same time. Then I could store those sticks at different locations. That
sounds quite inconvenient. I would prefer to store the contents of my
thumbrive on Dropbox or Google Drive, for example. Would that be a problem?
I mean.. it's inside a TrueCrypt container with a very strong password.
Even if someone cracked that container, he would find my encrypted private
key, with an even stronger password. If he would be able to bruteforce even
that password, I think then I am dealing with an enemy with godlike powers
Any input is greatly appreciated!
Best regards,

@_date: 2013-07-16 07:03:54
@_author: Martin 
@_subject: How to back up my key 
Hi Einar,
many thanks for your detailed answer! That's quite re-assuring, indeed!
Now I have to walk down yet another rabbit hole and read up about secure
cards :)
I was indeed planning to have a master key and sub keys but I didn't want
to complicate this thread too much, I will open another thread with more
questions about this topic soon.
Questions b) and c) remain unclear, though:
b) If I assume that a machine is compromised, do I have any chance to use
GPG? Entering my password (keylogger) and using my private key (trojans,
remote control malware) would enable an attacker to gain access to my key,
right? Are secure cards the only solution to this problem? Maybe I should
simply not use compromised machines when using GPG :)
c) Are there major concerns about backing up my TrueCrypt container on
Dropbox? I could even encrypt it further and put it into an encfs container
(which I am already doing when I use Dropbox). I have read blog posts where
people say that they even put their private master key openly into the wild
because it has a strong passphrase and strong encryption anyways.

@_date: 2013-07-16 07:16:23
@_author: Martin 
@_subject: Several master keys vs. master key and subkeys 
Hi everyone,
really sorry to ask so many stupid questions. I'm planning to write a nice
howto guide when I finally figured everything out, but before I can do that
I need to know what I am talking about :)
I want to have one master key with a super strong passphrase, which will
never expire and will basically never be used except for building my web of
trust. For every day use I would like to have subkeys which will expire
every 2 years.
So far I understand that GPG can create subkeys and I have found the
following two articles to be very good:
I have to say that the part about removing the original signing subkey
(whatever that means) seems to be a bit confusing.
After a while I stumbled upon this post:
This person claims that subkeys are not the best option because:
 QUOTE Disadvantages of subkeys:
* I find them Confusing.
* There are disturbingly many (i.e., any at all) bug reports on the web
about gpg software handling subkeys incorrectly.
* It is possible to export a subkey and attach it to a different primary
key, creating a potential security hole.
* No ability (without a lot of hassle, anyway) to use different passphrases
on primary and subkeys.
 ENDQUOTE Is this really true? Do subkeys have the same passphrase as the master key?
I find this quite hard to believe.
I would like to know if David Soergel's approach has any flaws. As I
understand it, it works the same as using real subkeys, I would create two
normal keys, declare one to be my master key and one to be my first subkey.
Then I would sign the subkey with the master key which would enable me to
create a revocation cert for this subkey later, if needed?
Any reasons why I should stick to GPGs "native" subkey feature?
Many thanks for your help in advance!
Best regards,

@_date: 2013-07-24 08:29:26
@_author: Martin 
@_subject: Multiple email addresses - any alternative to ask everyone to 
That still leaves the problem of having to enter the passphrase for
the key on the untrusted machine, which might have a keylogger, doesn't it?

@_date: 2013-07-27 16:49:07
@_author: Martin 
@_subject: Fwd: Goldbug.sf.net - Secure Multi-Crypto-Messenger v0.1 released 
Wow that landing page looks like a super cheap rip-off of
