
@_date: 2013-09-01 05:57:57
@_author: MartinHvidberg 
@_subject: Can I revitalise an old key-pair? 
I'm returning to GPG, and Enigmail, and not for the first time. This means
that I have earlier generated key-pairs and uploaded them to servers like
keys.pgp.net or something like that. I did this first time in 1999 and have
done several new attempts later, and now have seven key-pairs on the server.
Latest I have generated a key-pair in 2011.
Unfortunately, every time my use of GPG fades out, because non of my
contacts really join in. And it's not much fun exchanging signed and
encrypted mails with myself :-)
This time, with all the media on governments peeping into peoples private
mails, I think I have a better chance to get many of my friends to jump
My problem:
I stead of generating yet another key-pair, how do I revitalise on of my
existing key-pairs.
This said, I have only what I can download from a key-server, and I do in
fact remember the password, for some of them.
Do the key-server have all the information I need to re-use an existing
key-pair (provided I remember the password)?
Or do I need to get one of my old computers up and running, hoping to find
some sort of key file there.
If you can point to any online material, tutorial or the likes, that do not
start with 'Generate a key-pair' then I would appreciate the a lot... :-)
Best regards
Martin Hvidberg
Latest fingerprint: D3DA 61B7 610C E8A1 75C7 1DA1 0B24 7DB3 4AF0 1B83
View this message in context: Sent from the GnuPG - User mailing list archive at Nabble.com.

@_date: 2013-09-02 20:33:44
@_author: Martin Hvidberg 
@_subject: Can I revitalise an old key-pair? 
Thanks all
I won't get any of my old keys back, I see that :-(
I can only re-establish the secret key for two of them. One I have earlier revoked (for good reasons), and another for which I no longer remember the paraphrase.
Good thing is I have learned a lot about keys.
I'll soon make yet a new key-set, and this time I'll be more organised and make a revoke certificate, that I'll keep in a safe place, together with the secret key, and the paraphrase.
Again - thanks all, your a grate group.
:-) Martin
