
@_date: 2014-08-13 23:22:26
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: FAQ change, final draft 
Hash: SHA512
Am 13.08.2014 um 20:43 schrieb Robert J. Hansen:
To bad, I was about to suggest to adept some of these questions* to
the elliptic curve cryptography and answer them if possible or at
least state that an answer is not possible at this time. Because they
probably will become frequently asked questions in the future**. ;)
But I can understand if that is going to be dealt with, when we are at
that point in time.
* What will be a good default key length and why e.g.
** maybe true for some of the other questions already in the FAQ as well.

@_date: 2014-08-14 10:00:52
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: FAQ change, final draft 
Am 14.08.2014 um 04:32 schrieb Robert J. Hansen:
But I don't qualify as an expert. :)
And two other things I noted while reading the FAQ (under what can be
improved perspective).
1. On the starting page for the FAQ[0] I tried to view all formats and
the txt format link [1] uses ftp instead of https and leaves me with the
following message:
2. Assuming that sooner or later stuff about ECC will find its way into
the FAQ. I think an overview (maybe in a table) which connects the
questions "7.6 What's RSA" to "7.12 What's Camellia" would help a
I'm thinking of something like:
Name | Can be used for | Type | ...
Elgamal | encryption | asymmetric
What you think?
[0] [1] ftp://ftp.gnupg.org/gcrypt/gnupg/GnuPG-FAQ.txt/

@_date: 2014-08-18 15:54:29
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Fwd: It's time for PGP to die. 
Am 18.08.2014 um 14:31 schrieb Robert J. Hansen:
I think his question is not only good, it is necessary and important to
ask. Especially when it comes to laws. Or if you want a more visible
example just look at all the misinterpretation of "laws" in religions.
And furthermore you don't need to assume a conspiracy or corruptness.
People make mistakes.
People are willing to bypass the law because they think they serve a
greater good "in this one special case".
People don't think about the greater consequences of their actions.
People are ambitious.
People are stupid.
People ...
But anyhow, how about you choose your password to be a confession about
a crime you committed. Would this be enough testimonial value? :)

@_date: 2014-08-19 21:33:31
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: It's time for PGP to die. 
Hash: SHA1
Am 19.08.2014 um 21:16 schrieb MFPA:
As far as I know, at (international) airports the answer is "no".
There is a zone (that can be extended at will*), where you are
basically in no mans land.
I think that relates to the word "transit zone"[0]
A search for "airport transit zone" might get you some better information.
[0] * see also Snowden  and his whereabouts during the phase were he
applied for asylum

@_date: 2014-12-15 20:12:36
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Holidays 
Hash: SHA1
Am 15.12.2014 um 19:57 schrieb Robert J. Hansen:
Just out of curiosity, at which EUR-USD exchange rate are you at?
And how do you treat multiple donations by the same person? :)
Greetings Martin

@_date: 2014-03-13 11:44:08
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Multiple Subkey Pairs 
Hash: SHA512
I want to achieve the following:
1. A Master signing key
2. A subkey signing/enc pair for my normal machine
3. A subkey signing/enc pair for e.g. my mobile device
What I want to do is to have a different "pair" for my mobile device
or work computer than on my machine. I want to give those pairs a
shorter lifetime like 1 year (depending on the paranoia level) so I
can change them more frequently. (Besides the hopefully security
advantages this also would make changing outdated subkeys more easily
because there will be still a working keypair while people still
update to the new keypairs)
To setup a key with subkeys is not to big of a problem. There are
enough tutorials out there. I just didn't find a nice key management
tool for that. Especially exporting keys with only one of the subkey
pairs requires some work ...
Now the following problem arises (at least from the reading I have
done). As I understand gpg only uses one of the encryption subkeys to
encrypt the message. So the question is, is it possible to encrypt to
all encryption subkeys in a key? And if yes, is there an easy way to
do it, so also not just me can handle that, but also the people who
sent me encrypted mails. (And if not, does it make sense to implement
something like this in gnupg?)
And a more general question: This approach generates some overhead so
is there maybe a way to achieve something similar more easily?
Thanks for ideas and input.

@_date: 2014-03-13 17:30:52
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Multiple Subkey Pairs 
Hash: SHA512
Am 13.03.2014 16:42, schrieb vedaal at nym.hush.com:
Thank you, that sounds like a solution worth going for. I'm just not
sure, how to e.g. tell thunderbird/enigmail to use multiple keys for
one email address when sending (or will it do that by default?). If
you have a hint for that would be nice, otherwise I will try to find
out myself.
My closest thoughts to a solution like this were, go set my reply-to
to two email addresses and maybe play around with the subkey
identities to achieve the same. Or also two different key pairs. One
big key with subkeys would be nicer tho, to hide the "complexity" a
 Daniel
Thx for your replies, too. Like I wrote, I am aware that multiple
encryption subkeys are not used. Thats why I was asking, if changing
that would make sense. Or what the bigger drawbacks are.
Also the fact that it is hard to determine which key has which
security level is correct and an important issue. But I think this is
a problem which can be solved by a proper key management and presentation.

@_date: 2014-03-13 19:25:46
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Multiple Subkey Pairs 
Hash: SHA512
Am 13.03.2014 17:39, schrieb Daniel Kahn Gillmor:
One use case would be, if you use portable thunderbird only those
encrypted messages get compromised which can be decrypted by the local
key and which were composed in a certain time-frame. On my side, I
still can read messages friend send me, which are only encrypted to
e.g. make mass surveillance harder. But they don't have actual
"important" content. On the other side, those friends of mine, more
worried about the topic in general know how to only use my safer key.
So the basic idea is, I'm always reachable via encryption but for
insecure devices I have a short living key which I can change
frequently while I still have a long term key out there which can more
more trusted.
I don't know if this makes much sense or if are there better ways. Or
maybe thats a stupid problem to think about at all. I just thought
about using gpg for multiple devices (especially insecure mobile ones)
and approaches to increase the security. And now I want to see, what
is technical possible and if there is a solution to it. If not maybe
someone at least also starts thinking about the problem and comes up
with a good solution.

@_date: 2014-03-17 13:43:57
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Multiple Subkey Pairs 
Hash: SHA512
Am 17.03.2014 11:34, schrieb Robert J. Hansen:
That is an odd comparison. What does a statement about a fundamental
law of physics which you can't change have to do with a statement
about what you are doing, where you are perfectly free to do something
else than you say? If that is what you base you judgment as "not a
reasonable inference" on I'm truly worried.
You have not spend time understanding how YYY work it seems to me. How
they communicate with the public. How they bend the truth, redefine
the meaning of certain words when communicating. How to be
over-specific in their denials.
- From my understanding it is a perfectly valid inference to assume that
the YYY stores also content data of communication.
You can find evidence for that in congressional hearings, in
Newspapers and so forth.
But since the last years revelations and how they dealt with them, how
they communicated in congressional hearings, don't seem to be evidence
enough for you, I'm afraid no one will be able to help you see that
the inferences are reasonable. At first you need to be willing to
question their motives and their "truthfulness". Otherwise it doesn't
make sense to argue about reasonable or non reasonable inferences.

@_date: 2014-03-17 19:49:50
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Multiple Subkey Pairs 
Am 17.03.2014 17:54, schrieb Robert J. Hansen:
All this examples lack the dimension of illogical, untruthful and
purposely misleading communication, humans are capable of. Of cause in a
pure logical environment all of your examples have to be answered with:
You can't draw these conclusions.
But taking into account that humans are not strictly logical, and taking
into account the past we can reasonably make conclusions which we can't
by pure propositional logic.
Just one example from the not so far past: "We are not and we will not
spy on chancellor Merkel"
Without any context and background information it is not "logical" to
draw the conclusion that there has been spying in the past. But knowing
e.g. who said that, it is reasonable to assume so.
There are at least three options: 3. My impression is wrong.
I was referring to this statement of yours:
I don't care about the direct evidence but the logically sound inference
that bulk surveillance of email content on an internet-wide scale is
happening is reasonable.
But if you want evidence [1]:
"At least some of the data traffic coming through the German internet
exchange point DE-CIX is diverted to German intelligence and other
They (and this is just the "Germans") divert a certain percentage. It
would be illogical if they wound analyze that in some way. Therefor by
pure logic a mass surveillance is happening. Now we can argue about how
"mass" and "internet-wide scale" are defined, but my assumptions is,
that for you this example doesn't fulfill the criteria and because there
is no evidence that other countries doing the same your statement will
stand. I hope you never have a reason to start caring about what I
think. Because your world seems to be the more righteous and calm place
and I wish I didn't have to worry about the future of free societies as

@_date: 2014-03-18 18:53:26
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Multiple Subkey Pairs 
Hash: SHA512
Am 18.03.2014 15:01, schrieb Robert J. Hansen:
Sorry if I sound cynical but the bogeyman says hallo [1]:
"The National Security Agency has built a surveillance system capable
of recording ?100 percent? of a foreign country?s telephone calls,
enabling the agency to rewind and review conversations as long as a
month after they take place, [...]"
and yes, they used that system. So I 100% agree with you, we must pay
special attention to logic and reason. And I don't don't know what it
takes, but if you still don't see logic and reason in taking the
assumption that there is a mass and wide-scale surveillance also of
also E-Mail content as fact, than again, I so would like to life in
your world.

@_date: 2014-03-18 20:12:57
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Multiple Subkey Pairs 
Hash: SHA512
Am 18.03.2014 19:34, schrieb Robert J. Hansen:
While this in general is true, I really wonder why you say that in the
current context. Especially an article where the main facts are backed
up by quotes of officials.
We were talking about mass surveillance on an internet-wide scale. Not
of a worldwide 100% surveillance.
"The voice interception program, called MYSTIC, began in 2009. Its
RETRO tool, short for ?retrospective retrieval,? and related projects
reached full capacity against the first target nation in 2011.
Planning documents two years later anticipated similar operations
All quotes from [1].
See above. Read the article. If you don't believe them ask them for
their source material.
"At the request of U.S. officials, The Washington Post is withholding
details that could be used to identify the country where the system is
being employed or other countries where its use was envisioned."
I can't see how it is possible to compare a life threatening situation
of an combat situation under stress with reading and understanding a
newspaper report. But here are some more quotes from the article:
"A senior manager for the program compares it to a time machine"
"In a statement, Caitlin Hayden, spokeswoman for the National Security
Council, declined to comment on ?specific alleged intelligence
activities.? Speaking generally, she said ?new or emerging threats?
are ?often hidden within the large and complex system of modern global
communications, and the United States must consequently collect
signals intelligence in bulk in certain circumstances in order to
identify these threats.?"
Yes we were talking about logic and reason. And I told you why I
think, even without evidence my "therefore Y" is logically and reasonable.
No what you said was this:
And I argued why it is a logically sound inference.

@_date: 2014-05-03 10:07:25
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Managing Subkeys for Professional and Personal UIDs 
Hash: SHA512
Am 03.05.2014 05:01, schrieb Robert J. Hansen:>
And regardless of whether it's a good practice or a bad one, I've
worked in businesses that have done exactly this (ordered people to
jump out the windows) -- so it's a real-world example that
demonstrates the occasional need for a company to make such orders.
Am 03.05.2014 03:32, schrieb Robert J. Hansen:
Personally, I would prefer not to discriminate against black people,
for reasons that have already been expressed on the list. But if
there's a corporate policy that says I have to, then that's the way
you play the game.
PLEASE refrain from using generic phrases which defend stupidity
because the stupidity is done in real-life. These are lazy things to
say, they might sounds like arguments, but they are not. And they have
been used way to often to defend the worst human behavior or to defend
why nobody did something against it.
It makes by heart bleed every time I see or hear them.
It is okay to say: "This is done." But please ALWAYS conclude (if
"this" is stupid/injustice/bad practice) "but it needs to be changed."
I know, we are living in a world where it is hard to fight every
stupidity that is in place. And sometimes you have to do these stupid
things in order to get somewhere. But a first easy step is, not to
defend them.

@_date: 2014-05-04 11:38:15
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Managing Subkeys for Professional and Personal UIDs 
Hash: SHA512
Am 04.05.2014 10:30, schrieb Robert J. Hansen:
No, there are no good reasons.
There is no technical problem to give different signers the same
rights to make certain signatures but make it comprehensible who
actually signed it. This is important in case an error happened or
someone intentionally did something wrong to commit a crime.
In a world were everyone would do the right thing and didn't make
mistakes I would be definitely with you. It would be no problem to not
be able to distinguish who actually made a signature. But we are not
living in that world.
And you should know that. I read your story "Two Thousand Miles to the
Promised Land". Just imagine that guy being able to make signatures
appeared to be made by you or anyone else in the company without the
recipient knowing, juts because there have been "good business
reasons". Imagine how much more damage he could have done.
So again, there are no good business reason. There are only reasons
like laziness, stupidity or it costs to much. And it costs to much
might be a legitimate reason in our world. But only so long someone
made damage that is higher than the cost to make it right from the
And as a side note. Your answer to my other mail completely missed my
point. I was saying that you are using phrases and rhetoric rather
than arguments to try to defend your point.

@_date: 2014-05-05 10:41:50
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Managing Subkeys for Professional and Personal UIDs 
Hash: SHA512
Am 04.05.2014 12:52, schrieb Robert J. Hansen:
Well I haven't heard any so far.
So, let's make an insecure system instead of maybe changing the law?
Or maybe changing your priority as a president. There is more than one
road that leads to Rom.
Besides, *he* needs to sign the original document. So it is okay to
make it appear he signed it originally by himself but he has not? That
is okay and within the law? For this to be within the law, I would
expect they would need to write it into the law. So they also could
write other stuff in the law, e.g to add the information who operated
the autopen and that an autopen was used.
This is, again, rhetoric and not an argument. I explained that before.
No I'm not screaming. It has nothing to do with me having more wisdom
than others. I just want to learn from the past and put 10% more
energy in having a more secure system. I'm just saying that there are
better ways to solve the same problem while you defend your position
with phrases and rhetoric and not with arguments.
Let me exaggerate of what it sounds to me, what you are saying:
There is a nuclear power plant build next to a volcano on the shore of
an ocean and just on top of the boundary points of two tectonic plates.
I'm saying. Hey guys thats stupid, shouldn't we build wind engines or
wave power machines here instead and shut down the nuclear power
plant? The volcano is active, tsunamis do happen here and let's not
forget about the earthquakes.
And you are saying: "You are, of cause, free to scream that they are
all idiots and fools and morons who are not listening to your
divinely-inspired wisdom. Me I'm going to grit my teeth, say, "well,
let me see if I can help them not make a complete hash of things," and
engage the world as it is."
It is valid to say: Yes this is stupid but we need to secure the
system on a short term perspective as it is but we need to do
something better on the long run.
But from what you are saying and how you are behaving I only get: The
world is stupid. I won't change it but I will help to make the outcome
of the stupid things not have such a bad effect. But I will defend the
overall stupidity behind it because the stupidity is done and that is
how the world is. And there are people saying "We are not going to
change it."
Yes, I said I read the story.
And ones you discovered your personally owned certificates were
compromised you revoked them, made new ones and you were aware of the
fact that they might be misused and could be more cautions over a
period of time. But your corporate certificates could have been
misused from the beginning without stealing them first from you by
design of the system you defend. Can you see the difference?
I didn't say you are *only* using phrases and rhetoric. I admit you
are also using badly designed examples which most of the time, if you
think them through, are not helping your point.

@_date: 2014-05-05 14:01:13
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Managing Subkeys for Professional and Personal UIDs 
Hash: SHA512
Am 05.05.2014 12:55, schrieb Robert J. Hansen:
You honestly seem to think that "We are doing $A, so it is okay to do
keep on doing $A instead of working towards doing $B which is way
smarter to do." is an argument. This gives me an explanation why you
didn't listen to your doubts in the mentioned story. Maybe you got
convinced to keep on going by similar "arguments"?
Can you see the fundamental difference for the development of our
society in defending stupidity; and working to reduce the effect of
stupidity but *at least* pointing out or mentioning smartness?
Change doesn't come by one person. It comes by enough people speaking
about it. You have to start somewhere. And if you don't feel like not
to do the least bit, to improve our society. Well than maybe you also
shouldn't make an effort against it. Especially not with senseless
rhetoric which has been used to discriminate against people and worse
and justifying for others not to do something about it.
It is completely valid to argue!!!: $A is easy, simple, takes no
effort and it works. These can be good arguments to not to change
something in place. And explaining to change to $B takes to much
resources and thats why we are not doing is, is also valid. Than you
can have a discussion. But the other rhetoric is just wrong.

@_date: 2014-11-14 12:55:40
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Why the software is crap 
Am 14.11.2014 um 12:41 schrieb david at gbenet.com:
I think unsubscribing is the best thing you can do. Because you probably
successfully destroyed the good intension and motivation of anyone
helping you, with the offending nonsense you wrote in your last mails.
If you are angry just shut up and write again after you cooled yourself
down. The problem is more likely with you because there are not many
people reporting such problems.
And I can tell from my own experience that it is not even a problem
copying the content of the gnupg directory between windows and linux.
Tried that successfully.
Maybe you should read the FAQ again (and try to understand what is
written). Maybe there is a difference between exporting the public part
of a key and the private part.
Anyway, enjoy your life.

@_date: 2014-11-14 16:01:15
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Why the software is crap 
Am 14.11.2014 um 13:24 schrieb david at gbenet.com:
Aha, so that is cooled?
Okay, maybe I wasn't clear. I will extend my advise. Shut up. Cool Down.
Cool Down more. Start writing. If your write yourself into rage again,
go back to cooling and DON'T hit the send button.
1. I'm offended because you act like a little kid and miss judge the
work of others, just because you have a small problem with a part of the
work. And if that is not enough you blame others just because the most
likely cause for the problems you are having is YOU.
2. I'm offended because you state your little narrow view of the world
as fact.
3. I'm offended that you are to lazy to give a detailed report of what
commands you use, what the output is. What messages you get. No chance
for anyone to reproduce the problem. Just demands from you, negating all
the support and help people tried to give you. But I have not seen a
single sign, that you thought about, what you can do, so it easier for
others to help.
So please don't give me that crap with "how people express themselves".
And I hope point 3 is close enough to the real issue for you.
If you get till here, I hope the above part is from it's "tune" close
enough to how you communicate, so you get an impression how your mails
appear to others. Now comes a little more productive part. Here are some
questions which might get you on track:
People told you that c/p the .gnupg directory is the easiest solution
and worked for them.
Your wrote you used import/export commands. Why that and not the c/p
Which keys did you want to export/import via command line? Just your
private key?
And please take above point 3 into consideration. Without a detailed
step by step instruction (with commands, ...)  which leads to the
problem at least I am out.
I can just tell you that I just successfully created a private key,
exported it, imported it with an outdated (portable) gnupg version and
used it with no problems.

@_date: 2014-11-21 11:35:55
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: How much information can be gleaned about a gpg key by possessing 
Am 21.11.2014 um 10:57 schrieb Schlacta, Christ:
Short answer: Thats no problem.
google e.g.: "plain text attacks on gnupg site:gnupg.org"

@_date: 2014-10-14 11:18:14
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: emails snowden and poitras 
Am 14.10.2014 um 10:55 schrieb Rejo Zenger:
I assume that Laura Poitras never used gpg before or at least Snowden
assumed so. I guess the main intend of the question were to sensitize
her of the topic and make her think about possible threats and teach her.
And he explicitly asks to confirm that on a different communication
channel to avoid the problem you mentioned.
If you assume she is new to gpg I guess that is a wrong expectation.

@_date: 2014-10-28 10:54:52
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Update on USG, Software, and the First Amendment 
Am 27.10.2014 um 19:20 schrieb Robert J. Hansen:
I actually would be interested in how he would argue if he was the
government and would want to prosecute hackers for that. Or both. Just
like the old saying: 2 lawyers, 3 opinions.

@_date: 2014-09-15 15:12:31
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: encrypting to expired certificates 
Am 15.09.2014 um 14:10 schrieb Hauke Laging:
2 arbitrary use cases:
1. One uses the expiration date as a reminder, to think about maybe
updating it to new standards or what so ever. In this case, a warning
when using an expired case is enough.
2. One lives in an hostile environment and it is possible that someone
can retrieve his private-key/pass-phrase and prevents him from revoking
the key. In this case preventing someone from sending you information
which might harm your well being is a good thing.*
Since the sender can't know how you use the expiration date I guess the
more conservative approach is the safer one if you consider extreme
cases like scenario 2.
*This is probably highly theoretical, I don't know.

@_date: 2014-09-16 12:52:38
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: encrypting to expired certificates 
Am 16.09.2014 um 12:13 schrieb Peter Lebbing:
Just as a side node. The usage of this example is a little unlucky
because it has so many traps based on cultural differences. I saw that
discussion coming when I read it.
In Germany on food products you will find the word "Expiration Date"
which literally means: "Don't eat me after that date." But there is a
discussion to change that because what they are actually meaning in this
context is: "I won't change my shape, taste and rigidity till that
date." So I guess, people with such a background are a little more open
to the interpretation of that phrase.
But as far as I know, in the US it says "Best before" to avoid that
confusion and make clear that this product is probably still good, some
time after that date.
And I think the same confusion is going on with respect to the
expiration date in our context. And I am all for not overloading the
meaning of words, so if I read expiration date than for me this is a
dead line. If you mean "best before" than I would prefer if people say
it like this.

@_date: 2014-09-16 17:44:10
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: encrypting to expired certificates 
Am 16.09.2014 um 16:41 schrieb Werner Koch:
Ups, yea you are right, my bad. But that doesn't change my point, that
"expiration date" is something else than "best before" or "best used
until". So if an enforced "expiration date" does not make sense, I would
prefer to rename it to any of the other options and than allow sending
encrypted messages to these keys. Until than you're solution should
work, too. :)

@_date: 2015-02-27 22:40:00
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption 
Hash: SHA1
Am 27.02.2015 um 22:28 schrieb Christoph Anton Mitterer:
At what point is a system a [semi-]proprietary system?
How many computers are out there where not even a single part of the
hardware (and firmware) is proprietary?
Where do you draw the line? If I would have to guess, I would say, the
device you wrote that sentence with, falls in the category

@_date: 2015-03-27 14:21:00
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Enabling and using ECC keys (any reason not to?) 
I just did a quick search but didn't find anything. But as a general
question, why is it not possible to use two different encryptions keys
and use a cascade two layer encryption? E.g. truecrypt offered something
similar for up to 3 different encryption methods.
So especially when introducing new algorithms which might be tampered
with, using e.g. an old style RSA Key as one layer and ECC as a second
should help against this. Or am I missing something here?

@_date: 2015-05-01 09:17:47
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: Is Open PGP or GnuPG or GPG possible on a Mac? 
Hash: SHA1
It should be possible but it might require high technical skills in
the operation of a search engine of your choice.
Lets try your topic:
Looks like some usable answers turn up. But lets try something shorter
and more specific:
Looks also good. Maybe we can see if people asked about this on the
mailing list before? Lets try:
Looks also interesting for 2014. Maybe there will also be some results
for 2015? Hope that gets you somewhere.

@_date: 2015-11-15 10:49:01
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: What causes this bad signature 
Hash: SHA1
Am 15.11.2015 um 09:46 schrieb gnupgpacker:

@_date: 2015-10-22 19:03:24
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: libgrypt in Wikipedia? (help wanted) 
Hash: SHA1
Am 22.10.2015 um 17:47 schrieb Bernhard Reiter:
I don't consider myself a Wikipedia author but I followed "Sei mutig". ;
Since I am to lazy to read the manual, there are a lot of blanks
because I couldn't identify or find the correct information in the
libgcrypt Wikipedia entry.
So please put in the missing information yourself, or someone or post
them on my discussion page or via e-mail (I would appreciate an easy
to c/p format) and I will enter them.

@_date: 2016-01-11 18:06:51
@_author: Martin Behrendt 
@_subject: basic identity mgmt 
Am 11.01.2016 um 17:35 schrieb Lachlan Gunn:
Without thinking a lot about it on my part, but wouldn't a separate
signing sub-key help with this?
