
@_date: 2015-04-06 16:16:14
@_author: Alfredo Palhares 
@_subject: Splitting a GPG private key 
While looking for a way to store you passwords and share them across the
We need to control access inside subdirectories and have a master GPG key that
gets encrypted with all the other ones.
We would like to keep very limited access to this key, and we're thinking on
literally splitting the file between different people.
What would be the optimal options for that?
After a reading on the man pages, the --sk2k-mode and --s2k-count seem the
option to go, while on  --s2k-cipher-algo --s2k-digest-algo  I have no idea what
options to use.
Also can you recommend the best options to generate this key ?

@_date: 2015-04-07 14:14:09
@_author: Alfredo Palhares 
@_subject: Splitting a GPG private key 
Hello Daniel,
The objective is require multiple people to use that secret key. Yes
Basically this key would a part of the encryption group of all the other
credentails. And to be the only key to encrypt extremely sensitive data
Do they have this documented somewhere.
Yes, the key joining is a whole proccess on an offline machine with the presence
of all elements.
I am open to any suggestions.
Thank you for you input!

@_date: 2015-04-08 12:09:55
@_author: Alfredo Palhares 
@_subject: Splitting a GPG private key 
Hello Daniel
The objective is to require multiple people in order to use that key, so the
quote below is the one I agree it:
By encryption group I mean the group of keys that would be used to encrypt a
file. Let place an example.
I have a git repository with multiple passwords, these password are organized by
directories like such:
  credentials-repository
    ???? Finance
    ???   ??? mybank.txt.gpg
    ???   ??? onlineinvoice-service.txt.gpg
    ???   ??? stubs.js
    ???   ??? ticker.js
    ???? Development
    ?     ??? cloudservice.txt.gpg
    ?     ??? emailserver.txt.gpg
    ?     ??? sshdetails.txt.gpg
    ??? Operations
         ??? ssl-root.pem.gpg
         ??? service2.txt.gpg
Now we have a team of 6 people Jim, Bob, Ana, Foo, Bar and Joe:
- Jim and Bob are the main starters of the group one is part of the Finance team
and another is a part of the development team.
- Ana and Foo are members of the finance team
- Bar and Joe are members of the development team.
Every single member has GPG key with their email.
All the files in finance directory are encrypted with Jim, Ana, Foo, and
the master GPG key so only these 3 and the master GPG can decrypt its contents.
people can access it and the root key.
The files in the development directory are encrypted with Bar, Joe and Bob and
the root key and only them can decrypt.
Now lets say we want to get the ssl root pem this would only be encrypted with
this root key, so this would both require Jim and Bob to be present to decrypt
its contents.
Also if there any other department that they do not belong to.
This seems like a viable option, I will look into it.

@_date: 2015-05-14 17:04:39
@_author: Alfredo Palhares 
@_subject: Creating a new Identity 
Hello everyone,
I am finally planning on leaving the nickname I choose as a kid for my email.
So I bough the palhares.me domain (my last name) and I will be setting Postfix
for that email alfredo at palhares.me, with that, I want to have the best possible
GPG Keypair.
I've been doing some reading[1][2] and I plan to create a master keypair to a
set of subkeys for my laptop and another for my smartphone, but right away I
have the following questions:
- I use a password manager[3] to store my passwords and share them across
  devices, since they would be to separate keys, I would need to encrypt for to
  separate key IDs right ?
- How do you store your master GPG key offline ?
- Comming from another email and GPG what would be the best method to prove I am
  the person that used masterkorp at masterkorp.net email and X key id ?
[1]: [2]: [3]:
