
@_date: 2002-05-13 00:49:01
@_author: Kiel 
@_subject: Newbie Questions 
Hey everyone,
Please excuse my incompitance, I'm trying to change by learning :)
First, are any of you familar with this error:
gpg: no writable public keyring found: eof
Key generation failed: eof
gpg: note: random_seed file not updated
I get this when I try to generate a new key pair as a normal user.  I also can't list my current keyring (same as first error)  When I 'su' to root I have no problem.  I might have been root when I installed and work on it last night but I still don't know why I can't generate a new key.
PGP compatibility.  I took a look at the how-to that a link was posted to.  I still have some questions.  Basically can someone try to reword how I would import my current key pair (from windows) so I can use it in GnuPG.  Or, since the key is not widely dispersed, can I make a new key pair in GnuPG and have my PGP in windows use it?  Also, what I need to do so someone can verify my key if I sign with GnuPG and they are using PGP in windows.
PGP for windows has the shortcut keys to sign,encrypt,decrypt,verify the current window.  Are there any GUI interfaces, or anyway at all I can get this to happen with GnuPG?  I'm using RH 7.2 and Ximian Gnome.
Thanks for your help in advance,

@_date: 2002-05-15 18:22:01
@_author: Thomas Wadner 
@_subject: Signature Verification Before Opening 
Hash: SHA1
Greetings Group,
I was glad to read the thread on signing emails as a way to help
prevent spoofed email.  In the same sense this can be applied to help
stop virii that are linked to attachements.  Since virii can't sign
an email (unless you cache your passphrase or set it to auotmatically
do) if the email is not signed you can assume it is unsafe untill you
can verify that it was really sent.  At this point of know of no
virii that can be spread just by being sent to a person (as of yet)
and it would seem to me that it would first have to be 'read' by some
program in the computer before it could be activated.  Now, I'm just
a high school student so my knowledge is not real extensive, but
wouldn't be feasible - and wise - to have a program (or script) that
verify signatures _before_ they are opened, or for that matter even
downloaded to the computer?  It would seem to me for Unix based
systems this could be incorporated into iptables or a tcpwrapper.  A
rule based system as far as rejecting, or quarintines?  Perhaps even
an automessage sent back to the person saying: The message sent on [ ] with the subject [ ] has been rejected due to an invalid
signature... etc
I'm not sure on the standars of iptables (and similar) so it might
have to be a seperate program.
Any thoughts on the feasbility of this at this time?
