
@_date: 2001-10-13 05:31:01
@_author: Matt Armstrong 
@_subject: discussion on increasing amount of gpg signatures... 
I think claims that a web of trust provides "absolute certainty" go too
far.  "Good enough" certainty is a better term, but it all depends on
the verification mechanisms people use.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but key signing parties are often subject to
this kind of attack on the web of trust:
    1) Joe Bob creates a key pair with "Joe Bob " when
       in reality foo is under the control of some other
       person who happens to have that e-mail address.
    2) Joe Bob gets lots of people to sign this key, since his drivers
       license and passport prove that he is "Joe Bob."
Verifying that the key holder has control of the key's e-mail address
isn't part of many key signing party verification procedures, especially
less formal ones.  I'm looking at the "GPG Keysigning Party HOWTO" and
the "comp.security.pgp FAQ" here.
So Joe Bob is then able to fool people into thinking he is
joe when he isn't.  He can post to newsgroups and mailing
lists signing messages with this key, threaten the life of political
leaders and celebrities via e-mail, take over their domains hosted with
networksolutions.com (changing the authentication method from MAIL FROM
to PGP in the process), etc.  In general, cause the real e-mail address
holder pain.
Of course, attackers are limited to attacking people with e-mail
addresses that are either cryptic or similar to their own name.  Most
people would get suspicious signing a key with an address "Matt
Armstrong ." ;-)  But many people have cryptic or
meaningless e-mail addresses that could concievably belong to anybody.
I also agree that many times e-mail communication comes before key
signing, in which case this kind of spoofing becomes impossible.
And, of course, the verification step is easy: before signing any key,
send the person an e-mail and ask them to sign their response.

@_date: 2001-10-23 21:52:01
@_author: Matt Armstrong 
@_subject: FORGOT PASSPHASE 
You don't.  The whole point of having the pass phrase is that you
can't recover the private key if you lose it.  Being root doesn't
