
@_date: 2014-02-18 12:05:19
@_author: mercuryrising 
@_subject: Newbie: Search for iphone method 
And how would you make
A GUI. What Programming would I have to learn. I used to program in basic Between 37 and 25 years ago. On a GRS 80 laptop. Are we talking a degree in software engineering?
Sent from my iPhone

@_date: 2014-02-19 23:07:55
@_author: Mercury Rising 
@_subject: how do I use gnupg? 
How do I use gnupg on a Mac (OS X). Can I use the Mac to make and get a key
to an Android phone for use there?

@_date: 2015-04-28 09:44:08
@_author: Mercury Rising 
@_subject: Help GnuPG install 
I had Gpg keys only on my Mac w/some old keys in the file. I downloaded the
latest version OS GPG Tools. I have the Mavericks Flavor of OS X and I
noticed too late it was for Mac Yosemity. Nothing works now. I did off load
all the keys into a text file. So what works with Maverics that I can use?
I need something easy to use as far as a front end for key management and
encrypting and decrypting Gpg and PGP messages. Can GPG/GnuPG encrypt to
PGP RSA public
 Elwin

@_date: 2015-04-28 20:14:12
@_author: Mercury Rising 
@_subject: Help GnuPG install 
What is the Best set up of GnuPG on Mac OS X Mavericks
On Tue, Apr 28, 2015 at 9:44 AM, Mercury Rising

@_date: 2015-04-30 23:47:42
@_author: Mercury Rising 
@_subject: Is Open PGP or GnuPG or GPG possible on a Mac? 
I will take the answer on the list and at mercuryrising11 at gmail.com.  I Up
graded to Mavericks on the Mac. I am looking for a whole package of open
source PGP-like programs that will let me encrypt to other keys and manage
other keys and my own. It is for private corrispondence. I was sending
messages from my iPhone to the list but don't see them posted. Perhaps
directly form my Mac will help this time.
San Francisco

@_date: 2015-05-02 21:27:39
@_author: Mercury Rising 
@_subject: Is Open PGP or GnuPG or GPG possible on a Mac? 
Wow, thank you for your search engine skills and all this great
information! I will put it to use on getting GPG/GnuPG stuff running on my
Mac. I'm trying to start a code, cipher, invisible ink/steganography club
for kids, adults can be in it too, but kids like the mystical powers of a
secret cipher "code" that's not too hard, to write to a friend with. I
found that siblings and cousins do this more often than not. I think kids
grow out of it maybe, and there were periods where it waned for years but I
always came back to them for fun. A phyc thought I had Obsesive Compulsive
Disorder (OCD), but in the 2000's I found it was Asperger's but I don't
mind being an Auspie. My sister has it too. Lots of nephews with it too. If
I could find an Auspie club maybe I could recruit there, lol.

@_date: 2015-05-02 22:06:53
@_author: Mercury Rising 
@_subject: Is Open PGP or GnuPG or GPG possible on a Mac? 
Your information is most valuable. I went over the EFF link and I'm a proud
member off EFF. Why didn't I think to look there! Thank you, Thank you,
Thank you for this link. I went to an EFF meetting in SF and some guy said
he had a special database manipulation program and dasseled  me with terms
that were way above my pay grade or a bunch of dasseling bull. He acted so
Smart and superior then walked out.I don't trust people like that. I tried
to follow him to ask more questions but he disappeared. I had a systems
manager from Google that told me PGP used weakened math to let someone with
superior computing power like the NSA break it but offered no proof.
Snowden said certain encryption can be broken in real time but Snowden Uses
the over 4000 (4096?) keys all the time. I found some of his keys at the
MIT key server. I used to use PGP in the 90's (2 or 3 point something's for
my Mac IIsi, but platforms changed). I wrote a former Scientology leader
from Sweeden once with it. We traded some interesting information about the
ownership that was behind the scenes. I got into politics, met Some top
politicians and was forced out because I was honest. As they say the scum
rises to the top of the pond. The higher you go the dirtier it gets. Want
to meet big criminals? Get into politics and you'll meet a few. I found
some honest people mixed in there too, but their success at the top was
short lived.

@_date: 2016-02-23 00:00:21
@_author: Mercury Rising 
@_subject: Can the NSA Crack GnuPG 
I saw his old disturbing post at:
I am having a hard time believing it, but if Zimmerman did put in a
backdoor code in PGP and GnuPG is based on that, wouldn't it be compromised?
I would trust a multinational team of software engineers who have read the
source code after compiling that this is not true.
It says:
"NSA Can Break PGP Encryption"
*"WebMistress at quadralay.com "*
Well I hope it was a joke! I went to an EFF meeting in San Francisco and
this big guy came up to me and said he had a program that would would break
PGP. Then Elvis left the building fast so I could not follow him fast
enough although I really tried. IMHO an agent of the Illuminati or its
branch arm, the NSA. Cast doubts into the strength of 4096 or larger keys.
I don't know how many prime numbers are possible between 2 bits (II binary
= decimal 3) and 4096 bits = decimal a google maybe???)  are possible. Now
multiply the two prime numbers of this size into a larger number then
reverse factor and find the two originating prime numbers.  Now here's a
question? If you had a chart showing every prime number multiplied by every
other prime number couldn't there be a database for every multiplied larger
number showing the possibilities of each of these prime number sets?  Some
of these larger numbers may only have one pair of numbers that would work.
AN ADVANCED Database program using array capabilities might help. How big
would this data base be and how fast could it be searched? The man who
disappeared said he authored a database program using arrays for non
encryption uses but said it could break PGP.  How does key generation work.
Does PGP go into some large database of primes and just choose two?  If it
just pulled two numbers out of a hat, PGP would have to determine if the
numbers were prime or not. Reverse factoring to test some very large
numbers might take a very long time? You must have two of these primes to
be able to multiply them.
Apple phones on the other hand - its the password that makes all the
difference. 10 bad tries of 4-6 digit numbers and all the data is wiped. I
have no idea what kind of encryption they use for the data itself.
