
@_date: 2013-12-18 09:21:33
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: ECC curves used in gnupg? 
Wouldn't it be nice to include ecc curves up to 1024 bit(ecc brainpool
gives you 512 bit at most, maryland 521). I calculated the parameters last year(no ties to maryland) and they are
free for noncommercial use ;-)
They can be found here:
In the ECC software "Academic Signature" -which contains a minimalistic
GnuPG GUI by the way- you can check their sanity, including the MOV
There has been a thread on insecure GnuPG defaults lately. (SHA1
hmmmm....) Please keep in mind that (to my knowledge) maryland does
allow the export of ecc software up to 256 bit if in the "interest of
national security". So why not exclude bit sizes smaller than 256 from
the very beginning.
   Michael

@_date: 2013-12-30 22:05:00
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: for GnuPG GUI, force gpg response in english language? 
I am maintaining a program that features a minimalistic GnuPG GUI as an
Now I encountered a problem with other than english versions of GnuPG:
a) The verification of a signature (--verify) always returns false,
regardless of the result of the verification.(May be someone can give me
a rationale for this behavior.)
b) as a workaround I have my interface analyze the comments gnupg
returns. It so happens that the comments on --verify are returned in the
error channel. So I checked for the keyword "good signature" in the
error channel to use it as a flag that verfication succeeded. That works
nicely. When I install my software on a german language ubuntu, however,
the response is given in german language and is not "good signature" but
a german tranlation. The GUI obviously fails to recognize the success of
the verification then.
I presume you can see it would be awkward to check for "good signature"
in all languages from afrikaans to zulu. A GnuPG option to force the
response to be in english would solve the problem elegantly. Can anyone
give me a hint on how to do that? I wish you all had a Merry Christmas and will have a Happy New Year,
   Michael Anders

@_date: 2014-08-13 10:38:26
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: Gnupg-users Digest, Vol 131, Issue 15 
No witchcraft, just some simple math.
Baltimore published:
symm.   RSA     ECC
80 	1024 	160
112 	2048 	224
128 	3072 	256
192 	7680 	384
256 	15360 	521
The generalized number field sieve(->RSA factoring) scales with
bitlength to the 1/3
( new
improvements by Joux et al ( set it
to 1/4 but this so far seems limited to smaller numbers.
ECC security scales with bitlength to the 1/2 (General DLP methods) If you set the scale to 160 bit ECC being at the same security level as
1024 bit RSA (presently considered marginal security) you arrive at the
formula for  the generalized number field sieve:
n(RSA) = ((n(ECC)^1/2)/1.25)^3
The resulting table would look like this
ECC(bitlength)   RSA/elGamal
  160              1024
  256              2072
  384              3807
  512              5862
  768             10769
 1024             16579
If you presume Joux's results would apply to RSA factoring, the formula
would look like:
n(RSA) = ((n(ECC)^1/2)/15.9)^4
Now the resulting table would look like this
ECC(bitlength)   RSA/elGamal    160              1024
  256              2621
  384              5898
  512             10486
  768             23593
 1024             41943
Interestingly "NIST" arrives at an estimate even in excess of the second
table! So we might speculate that they either know of some improvement
compared to the publicly known methods to factor RSA moduli, expect such
improvement from other sources or else just want to push ECC.
(I like ECC -> google "open source elliptic curve cryptography".))
  Michael Anders

@_date: 2014-08-17 17:08:58
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: Fwd: It's time for PGP to die. 
I share most of Greene's arguments agaist PGP to a limited extent,
however, he seems strongly biased against it.
There are two points, in which I strongly disagree with Greene:
A) For me forward secrecy is not of utmost importance for asymmetric end
to end mail encryption. Your private key is compromized if your system
has been hacked(if you don't live in a police state where authorities
can force you to reveal it). Most likely the important private messages
will still reside on your system then, so they are leaked anyways in
this case. So there is limited gain by implementing forward secrecy. So
the complaint about lacking forward secrecy is exaggerated in my eyes.
Nevertheless, there do exist solutions for asynchronous message exchange
with forward secrecy and we need to have an eye on them and watch out
for new publications on these. At present IMHO they are awkwardly
difficult to implement and maintain and just keeping a watchful eye on
them seems perfectly reasonable today. Once a crisp and nicely implementable asynchronous protocol with forward
secrecy comes up, however, we should have it implemented
immediately.(The synchronous ones are easy, of course.)
B) A minor point.
Greene complains, that in PGP securing ciphers with a MAC is not
enforced in the standard. For an asymmetrically enciphered message IMHO
it does not make any sense whatsoever, to secure message authenticity
with a MAC. A correct MAC is proof that the message has not been altered
by someone not knowing the symmetric key. But knowledge of the symmetric
key doesn't prove anything since it is essentially a random number
selected by the unauthenticated sender. So a correct MAC in a RSA cipher
just proves that the sender is the sender - so what? (I know that many
people disagree with me on this point, yet I have never heard a
convincing argument for the MAC in an asymmetric cipher.)
If you want authenticity, you have to have the message or cipher be
digitally signed by the sender.
For me the critcism of PGP is clearly unfair regarding this second
  Michael Anders

@_date: 2014-02-05 09:01:19
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: Subject: openpgp card and basiccard RNG 
In my opinion a (good) PRNG seeded properly under user control is no
If -as the FAQ seems to tell- it is primed during production, beyond
user control, this implies that normal users have to fully trust the
manufacturer. A malicious manufacturer would be able to completely break privacy based
on the "Enhanced BasicCard" without the user being able to detect this.
An instance is created here, deliberately and unnecessarily, which the
user has to trust. This pattern smells like a backdoor mechanism to
me.  I would outrighly reject to use such a card.
Cheers    Michael Anders

@_date: 2014-02-12 12:40:16
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: Trying to understand the bond between master and subordinal key pairs 
I kept wondering about this too. Thanks a lot for the explanation of how it works.
I am still puzzled, however. Can anyone explain the logical reason as to
why we need this jungle in OpenPGP, which thankworthily is usually more
or less hidden from the user anyways? A good reason would help the complicated workings to stick with my
memory :-) Why would we need more than one key and this hierarchy on top of it?
(Proper padding according to the standard to my knowledge removes even
the dangers of using the same RSA key for signatures as well as for
Is the necessity(given that it is there) for the subkey hierarchy
endemic to RSA or would such a structure also be needed for ECC or other
   Michael Anders

@_date: 2014-02-27 08:38:37
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: key generation: paranoia mode - explicit random input 
The discussion on what to do in a "partially compromized" system is IMHO
If a private key has been accessed on a system some adversary might have
had a chance to tamper with(e.g. with the PRNG or generally if it is an
NSA friendly OS connected to the web ;-) , there could have been a
keylogger in place and security of the key is gone.
If you consider the NSA to be a benevolent organization, you might make
a distinction between security against criminals and security against
the NSA, but that is politics and not cryptography.
   Michael Anders

@_date: 2014-01-04 13:31:44
@_author: micha137 
@_subject: Quantum computing 
They cheat, they bribe, they lie, they blackmail, they take polygraph tests on each other but they don't invent.
A spoofing organization is no fertile ground for true innovation. The real scientists, not the NSA are going to make progress in quantum computing. And it is not going to be as cheap as some tens of megabucks.
Progress to get it practical will be painfully slow.
You IT people can sit back and relax.
? Michael Anders
(a dedicated physicist)
Von Samsung Mobile gesendet

@_date: 2014-01-21 10:45:20
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: Any way for two correspondents to set up gnupg within a  few 
In my opinion public license software is about empowering people.
If you need an "expert" to install a software for you, the dependency on
a software vendor is replaced by the dependency on an "expert", which
might be even worse in some circumstances.
Experts should also see their role in empowering people.
Yes, there is a necessity to have good GUI based installers that don't
need an experts assistance to get things right (and eventually change
the insecure gpg defaults for that matter...)
gpg4win works just fine.(So does Truecrypt or Academic Signature if you
look at other crypto)
The users must invest some minutes in understanding what asymmetric
cryptography is about, however. That should be well within the scope of
people with normal intelligence.
Without that very basic understanding, using GnuPG(or other public key
crypto) would be reckless nonsense anyways. Becoming a console wizard
should definitely not be necessary.    Michael Anders

@_date: 2014-01-21 14:03:07
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: Any way for two correspondents to set up gnupg within a  few 
My opinion is that SHA1 should no longer be used.
A link on SHA1 security:
   Michael Anders

@_date: 2014-01-21 16:06:36
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: Any way for two correspondents to set up gnupg within a  few 
I found a description in the
web(  that told me to do the following:
You locate the file "gpg.conf" On my ubuntu it is in the directory ~/.gnupg/
In this file you can add the three lines at the bottom
personal-cipher-preferences AES256 TWOFISH AES192 AES
personal-digest-preferences SHA512 SHA384 SHA256
personal-compress-preferences ZLIB BZIP2 ZIP
to set the preferences. GnuPG is supposed to pick the leftmost possible
in the respective lists.
But backup before editing! I remember some recent posts on problems
editing GnuPG config files and tranferring to and fro windows and linux.
There seems to be a danger to mess up things using wrong editor
I don't know if hash preference information is additionally attached to
keys. I would guess it is not, it wouldn't make sense to me.
   Michael Anders

@_date: 2014-01-31 08:39:07
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: cryptanalysis question: Does knowing some of the content  of  the 
Short answer: No.
This would be a form of a (partially) known plaintext attack.
Semantically secure ciphers are safe against this attack and it is not
possible to extract information on the key. To be precise, you may of
course be able guess a lot in the plaintext domain: "Edward Snowden is a
%& does leak further information and could easily be "fully
deciphered". But this has nothing to do with cryptography.
However, in plain CBC ore counter mode(CTR) for the symmetric encryption
it would be possible to change the blocks of known content against
content of your liking. This is especially easy and undetectable to the
recipient for CTR-mode(just XOR it out). In CBC mode it is more
complicated and you would usually mess up some other parts of the
decrypted message to unreadable gobbledonk.
That is why you need special provisions to protect the authenticity of
the cipher in transit if you are using symmetric cryptography only. In
this case knowledge of the shared symmetric key is sort of proof that
you are a legitimate sender. I don't know how gpg does it, in academic
signature I use an hmac to protect solely symmetrically enciphered
messages. There are standardized modes you might use to achieve that
e.g. EAX or CCM.
In an asymmetrically enciphered message it makes sense only to use
digital signatures to protect the message or cipher(as opposed to the
EAX, CCM or other symmetrically authenticated modes). Here the symmetric
key is created on the fly for just this message and knowledge of the
symmetric key alone would be no proof of anything other than that the
sender is the sender. If you have a shaky system that might get disrupted by feeding it
maliciously crafted information, it would make sense to asymmetrically
sign the cipher and only decrypt if the signature is valid. Generally it
is logically more sound to sign the content and then symmetrically
encipher content and signature. Again I don't know how gpg does it. May
be someone knowing the gpg internals might supply the information.
Some people may disagree on the content of this last paragraph regarding
usefullness of authenticated symmetric encryption in combination with
asymmetric cryptography. There is even a proposed standard "ECIES" which
combines asymmetric cryptography with symmetrically authenticated
ciphers. I do not consider ECIES to be logically sound. If you are interested in this topic, you may have fun listening into Dan
Bonehs great lectures on cryptography in coursera (for free).
   Michael Anders

@_date: 2014-03-13 11:07:45
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: Encrypting File with passphrase, 
Hi Vikash
You do not need a passpharase for operations with a public key
(encryption or signature verification) because the key is not secret.
Everyone is allowed to access it, so there is no need to protect it with
a passphrase. This is the essence of asymmetric cryptography.
Apparently Gnupg just ignores a password given when it is not needed.
This seems reasonable to me.
  Michael Anders

@_date: 2014-03-17 08:45:25
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: Multiple Subkey Pairs 
I apologize for having triggered the emotionally agitated exchange in
this thread culminating in someone bringing up the German-Jew trauma. I did not intend this and will try to make future points in a more
moderate language. I acknowledge the outburst of true emotion by the
person I responded to initially.
Unfortunately my initial contribution was held for moderation and
finally has been withheld for reasons unknown to me. All that was left
is a belated, empty response under my name in the last digest.
Since followers of this discussion cannot possibly understand the heated
responses without the trigger, I'll try it again. Hopefully this will
end the emotional part and will get the discussion back onto the
appropriate technical track.
This time I'll slightly redact my initial contribution so as to avoid it
being held by a moderator. Here we go ->Quote:
The YYY (->a famous three letter agency) e.g. denies to archive content
of YYY citizens mails. It is thus perfectly reasonable to assume it does
so with all other ones. They can easily do it, thus they do it. I am
german, so I am free game for them anyways.
Besides, you believe their denials - are you kidding?
This is as regrettable as it is true.
Worse still, it is much more cumbersome to protect your "metadata" than
to protect content with e.g. GnuPG. You could achieve it easiest with
YYYYY(->We all would know how to do this).
A public key infrastructure is difficult to reconcile with anonymity.
sorry again, if we are speaking about the YYY, only metadata if
recipient and sender are YYY citizens and if we believe what the agency
Regarding the the security of the content, I share the view that
lighting a firework of a dynamic subkey structure is not going to help.
IMHO one properly kept key is enough and its security should last for
decades. After all the "all or nothing" principle is at the core of
cryptography in many contexts. There is no such thing as attrition of
security by heavy usage of a public RSA or ECC key.
When it comes to system compromise leading to broken security. This is
not kind of an aging process smoothly proceeding with time and
eventually leading to death. They target you or they don't.
   Michael Anders
(a reference to my project page)
End of quote.
The reference to my crypto project homepage which also contains a
political statement, might also have been the problem. Those who are
interested and dont't feel offended by a positive reference to a
controversial person can find it via my homepage following the link to Academic Signature.
Best regards,
    Michael Anders

@_date: 2014-05-14 09:47:11
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: GPG's vulnerability to quantum cryptography 
Well let's see. Usually in a new technology, once you are really going
to apply it in the real world, new problems not thought of before are
going to pop up. (Think of fusion energy from the tokamak, which is
always predicted to be here in 20 years from "now" - since more than 40
There is another quantum algorithm called Grovers Algorithm that would
reduce the effort to crack 256 bit key AES to the effort necessary to
crack 128 bit key AES. Since the well known agency from Baltimore uses its influence to have
crypto standards coast close to the limit of the brute-forceable, 128
bit AES will be insecure not too far in the future.
So if you are worried about the quantum computer, using AES as is
directly won't help you a lot. You'd also need symmetric algorithms with
at least 512 bit keys and at least 256 bit block size to retain the same
security margin as in the pre quantum computer era. Large block and key
size algorithms surely do exist.
50 years from now, I'm going to be 105. So if I 'll be alive then, I'll
be grateful to be able to ask quantum computer equipped Baltimore for
help on recovering my old secrets which might have slipped from my
memory by then ;-)

@_date: 2014-05-16 14:37:22
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: GPG's vulnerability to quantum cryptography 
Now where did you calculate that from?
In fact arriving at a realistic estimate for the energy needed to brute
force AES is really hard work. (Besides: Who can say for sure that we
cannot get some bits from cryptoanalytic progress(two bits already
crumbled). The cracking of DES was indeed a combination of analyzing
some bits and the finishing up the rest by brute force.)
IMHO you can run the calculations entirely at low temperature, whatever
technology you use to get there. Then you only need contact to the warm
world once to transmit the result(for negligible effort!).
Look at it this way: A hypothetical nuclear organism in the sun might
communicate with us about a result we calculate for it in order to crack
some stellar cryptosystem. This doesn't force us to heat our computers to 10000 K and burn all this
energy needed for calculating at high temperature. We could e.g.
communicate the result to that being via pulsed gamma rays....
These discussions tend to get an interesting quasi-religious setting:
1.) We don't have anything other than AES (At least many people think
so one type of character says: We don't have anything else so it must be
safe and we must defend that conviction against heresy.
the other type (me) is equally mazed and says: They don't want to give
us anything else, so it must be unsafe. Relying on them is heresy...
May be I should switch sides entirely and go with the very practical
asbestos longjohns. I really like the picture :-)

@_date: 2014-05-17 15:49:27
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: Gnupg-users Digest, Vol 128, Issue 24 
The (cold) system where the calculation is done and the (hot) system the
result is transferred only exchange negligible energy and entropy.
No oceans to be boiled off.
Citing the second law of thermodynamics in this context is wrong. Besides, just citing a physical law and selling that as reasoning is not
the way we argue in physics.

@_date: 2014-10-21 09:37:04
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: Wind river 
This doesn't make any sense to me.
Either US administration has completely gone nuts and assumes others are
too stupid to implement strong crypto by themselves or else -and this
semms more probable to me- they go for a cheap short term advantage and
stage a theater to make others believe the software that was exported
would be secure while it is not...
  Michael Anders

@_date: 2014-10-23 10:58:41
@_author: Michael Anders 
@_subject: Wind river 
thanks for your earnest answer to my sloppy and somewhat provocative
I have to concede that I mostly agree with you.
While i think the most dangerous current threat to our freedom and
democracy is ubiquitous eavesdropping and spoofing by NSA, GCHQ and
their likes, I admit US scientists also gave us the means to defend
against it(strong cryptography).
After reading an Scientific American Article about asymmetric
cryptography by Adleman (not the original one in 1977, but a later one
from the 1990ies ;-) I was fascinated. Then I heard about the issues
around export restrictions and immediately sat down and coded it as an
act of a physicists self respect. For me the claim to "own some
mathematics" by an administration is pure hybris and ignorance. My
little exercise didn't get any momentum back then and I ceased to pursue
that any further.
And yes, if you want to discuss matters of cryptography seriously, there
are hardly any quality posts in german language.
I have some trust in the strength of the opposition against ubiquitous
government  surveillance within the US and hope they will overcome
current antidemocratic moves. Presumably and sadly the opposition
against such tendencies is weaker in germany. If you google "open source elliptic curve cryptography" you will find my
current activities regarding cryptography. You might notice that the
softwares menus as well as the documentation is held almost completely
in english language. One reason is to keep dumb german nationalistic
morons off. In my opinion the current behavior of the US soup letter agencies
nourishes dumb nationalistic anti-us tendencies in other countries
including mine! I don't want to be forced into an alliance with
nationalistic people.
The US judicial system should IMHO no longer let people, who lie to
congress under oath, go unharmed and pursue people, telling the truth,
with all might.
Please apologize me having gone somewhat off topic here....
Probably my (the german) administration isn't any better in this aspect.
I respect you for defending your (the us) administration, yet in my
opinion both our administrations deserve some bashing once in a while
for excessive ignorance and/or sluggishness.
   Michael Anders
