
@_date: 2016-12-28 11:43:43
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: ? Comments re key servers? re gpg-encrypted mail? re key servers 
It's a different topic, but it might have the unreliability of
keyservers for its justification:
The fact that Github, since this outgoing year, accept gpg signing only
if you post your public key to their servers.
Or does it? Is it more like Github wants to collect and control?
I know it was possible to:
$ cd $ git tag  -s
$ git push --tags
and all was there, signed and verifiable for everbody, without the need
to have previously posted your own public key to github.com. Up until
just last year, IIRC.
Any ideas for true reasons behind that move? And is it an improvement,
or quite the contrary?

@_date: 2016-12-28 13:28:15
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: ? Comments re key servers? re gpg-encrypted mail? re key servers 
Just some quick links in connection, for the less familiar.
For users (like me):
For developers (I can't make much of it):

@_date: 2016-12-30 01:35:15
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: ? Comments re key servers? re gpg-encrypted mail? re key servers 
Why would that be expensive? Expensive is the tracking that they let the
Schmoog (y'know Schmoog the Schmoogle) do on their users... Have a look
at (sorry for the title, just moved to Pale Moon):
In Defence of Firefox: some Harvesting by Referal Decrypted
(where not all I could post, as my password I would revealed)
Expensive (time, resources on them and on users) is the tracking...
My keys have been since long on keyservers, but too little, and
insignificant programming, I do, to have it had signed by others, yet.
Of course, have been using RSA since a few years back, and other things,
only late to update to gnupg-2, haven't had time... Missing the
funcionalities, now that I really understand ever better about it, and
understood that I can trust Werner Koch, Neit Walfield
why aren't they teaching people this:
An Advanced Intro to GnuPG
Exampli gratia, I can't read it all now (need to give it a re-read, but
is there a suggestion in my home distro, so to call it, since 8 yrs +
with it, that you get poor security if you just keep yout secret key in
~/.gnupg/ ? Is there, if any Gentooer is reading this? ...
, and the team and what they do.
And also Alexandre Olive replied (pasting his mail in here manually):
No, there was no way to do so in GUI, but that's not such great
advantage to have it, and you have to paste your public key, as if they
couldn't get it from good keyservers, that certainly don't track people
so much, such as:
Before, when your git repo, or somebody else's had a tag signed, you get
the public key anywhere, and you clone the repo, and you can verify it,
you didn't need a GUI...
Have to go back to other work, regards!

@_date: 2016-12-30 02:39:56
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: informations on installation ubuntu 16.04 
Just one thing. It's hard to read the Yahoo HTML-emails. If you can
(haven't used Yahoo in years), set it to (proper) text email.
You'll see how it shows on, say:
when it is posted there, which is not yet. It likely will show like
below, which is in my Mutt mail client.
Ah, see how it shows on:

@_date: 2017-02-07 00:01:52
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: ? Comments re key servers? re gpg-encrypted mail? re key servers 
( If viewed from the web, this email is a reply to this last January's
email of the same title:
I only (probably) need to close this issue, as a lot of the reasons for
failure to get some keys (not all) was the key not being uploaded, or
the lack of expertize on my part.
While most of it about GnuPG key over at:
The GPG key is missing from common keyservers is solved,
my issues also stem the prerequisites for securing my machine with
grsecurity, meaning it does take some true understanding of Linux
system to do it, else you can only fail...
Here's how I have, almost completely, finally configured the RBAC
policies for dirmngr, gpg-agent, gpgconf and gpg2:
GnuPG programs RBAC policies
Not so simple, is it, the above? Or are all readers here experts?
Maybe just if anybody can confirm whether another key is or is not
available from the common keyservers, as that is the only one that I
haven't managed to receive yet, this one:
(I re-tried just a few minutes ago, no luck.)
Such as in this message:
 at mutt.org/msg50362.html DSA 3F533109A9509B14
Which I have in my mailbox, as I am subscribed to mutt-users...
It's the key by the sender of, e.g. this message, but with another key:
 at mutt.org/msg50487.html
RSA DF48830BABD37425  <-- This key I was able to --recv-key just fine...
( spare other address:
It's public mailing lists, I hope I'm not invading anybody's privacy by
any means...
And... I think I figured this out, as I'm writing this... That one is a
DSA key, that the cryptographer might not even have posted to
I'm CC'ing to David Champion too. Am I right, David?
Phew! Cryptography feels hard here too...
Thanks for bearing with me!

@_date: 2017-02-07 09:16:44
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: ? Comments re key servers? re gpg-encrypted mail? re key servers 
Some likelihood now apparently being that it was kind of a user-failed
key... But there are no keys that the user may create, sign messages
with, and then successfully abandon and get the web to just forget
about them, I'm afraid...
It the case is such, should the owner revoke it and post the revocation
cert? An awkward situation, isn't it...
But we would need a confirmation that we are right about the
unavailability of this key from keyservers, or an affirmation of the
availability thereof, from the owner (CC'd all the time since the
suspicion arose).
But I'm fine, if this matter is now preferred left aside, as far as

@_date: 2017-01-18 13:18:23
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: Renewing expired keys 
Isn't is wrong to revoke a key which you don't consider was compromised?
If you don't want to use it, it suffices that it is expired, or?

@_date: 2017-01-20 07:10:37
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: Counterarguments Supporting GnuPG over Off The Record (OTR) 
You probably meant:
Oh, c'mon! "We will be gods!" is a really old argument! But it has never
made it, never will, nor it could. There's a Perfection infinitely
greater than us, and to that Living Perfection we will never ever be
equal to. Not even close to, not for the most miopic of minds!
Pls. just first do make one single hair on your head turn another color
with your own mind!
Then we might talk!
Besides, the argument in this thread misses on the evil of the
communication of today, and that evil is posed to only grow: the
wholesale spying, you know, like the Schmoog the Schmoogle does, like
the NSA and likely every single other, be it small, be it large, secret
state subject of the kind. The spying on all and everybody, or, if you
prefer euphemisms: mass surveillance, bulk data collection.
We're already half-slaves because you are not free if you are controled,
and (since the huge spying is about acting, where needed, on the
information collected, spying is not just about some only and purely
insane curiosity)...
And we all are controled, exception, to varying extent, being only the
very advanced among us that people like GnuPG developers enpower, to
whom my thanks go!
But I agree that it's unpredictable where the road will take us...
Although some limits will always be there, and at the Will of the
Perfection that rules, unseen by the miopic views of the subjects that
do not want to admit they are not, and can't be, and never will be gods,
in the sense of complete control, say, of even their own lives, let
alone any wider reality around their lives.

@_date: 2017-01-31 00:42:22
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: ? Comments re key servers? re gpg-encrypted mail? re key servers 
I'm reviving this end-of-last-year thread, because...
Notice this line below:
It may not have been used by a repo that I'm interested in on github,
read on...
It's this repo, where the latest two tags are PGP-signed:
They are signed with the key below, and no matter how I tried:
gpg --keyserver hkp://pgp.mit.edu --recv-key CECC45E1E979013C
gpg --keyserver hkp://pool.sks-keyservers.net --recv-key CECC45E1E979013C it appears that key is not on the usual keyservers. (Because I can get
other keys, but not that one. Is it uploaded only to github? Wrong, IMO,
if that is the case, and I'll open an issue with the repo to tell them
Can anybody check if maybe they can get that key from the keyservers?

@_date: 2017-01-31 00:57:34
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: ? Comments re key servers? re gpg-encrypted mail? re key servers 
This mail is already at:
( and this is a reply to: Message-ID: <20170130234222.GA14408 at g0n.xdwgrp> )
but when you server with Microsoft... well, it's not very reliable ( 80%
of Croatia is occupied by one provider and they serve mail and all with
IIS. Heaven fall on us from shame! )
Sorry for the digression...

@_date: 2017-01-31 01:20:33
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: ? Comments re key servers? re gpg-encrypted mail? re key servers 
I also see the kind reply by Anthony at:
but it's not yet in my mailbox...
I must go to sleep, so I opened this issue with the repo:
PGP key not on (usual) keyservers ( BTW, looks like a fine addon. For Palemoon, but of course for Firefox as
well, if people haven't yet switched. )
Good night!

@_date: 2017-03-15 10:14:06
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: HTTPS keyservers (with SSL-keys recording), WAS: help 
My reply is really to one issue of all, but the discussion is
noteworthy, and also it took place 2 1/2 weeks ago, so I leave the whole
email quoted.
Nope! The port is 11371. I just tried apply your suggestion (because I'd
very much like two things, see below), and I added to my:
the line:
keyserver hkps.pool.sks-keyservers.net:443
but this are the HTTP Requests full uri that I found in my traces:
125	
153	
234	
1046	
1076	
1110

@_date: 2017-03-16 06:55:56
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: HTTPS keyservers (with SSL-keys recording) 
which is, IIUC, HTTPS key protocol, like hkp:// is HTTP key protocol.
No, it's not implemented, or if it is, it's not by default in my Gentoo.
But if it's local configuration, I'm not an expert to know what to
configure to get it implemented.
How do you solve issues that arise then? How do you guard your system if
you don't have an option to inspect what it happening in your system?
There's no defence generally without knowing what happens on your turf,
not really, ever!
BTW, my original title to that Youtube-dl issue contained SSL-key, not
TLS-key recording, the maintainer there changed that title...
It's very hard for me to contradict someone of your format, Werner, but
other smart people say the name change has been purely political,
without any technical merit to it... So allow me to point to you others
that contradict to you, and IMO rebellion against senseless practices is a
good thing(TM):
and if you try:
you get "This page does not exist yet."
Deutch schreiben, lesen und schprechen I m?chte lernen... Aber kein
zeit f?r jetzt...
( I like German, and German-speaking nations, culture and way of life a
lot. )
Sincere respect and regards to you and your team!

@_date: 2018-03-11 19:57:13
@_author: Miroslav Rovis 
@_subject: --export-options export-reset-subkey-passwd 
Regarding my Devuan forums topic:
Safe GnuPG setup (with offlined master secret key)
I've only found this email recenty on Gnupg Users ML that actually helped me a
lot to get my hands-on tentative/tutorial right.
This email that I'm replying to, but vaguely, below.
I only now, on umptieth read, much better understand this script. Too late to
include it in my already mostly finished tentative/tutorial.
In this post:
I linked to the web-location of this email:
(that I'm replying to from my maibox).
I think my setup (and I had longed for a couple of years to accomplish it!; I'm
a slow learner) works for me fine already I believe, and is safe [1].
And I hoped I'd mostly just thank the developers for this really great tool in
the first place.
OTOH, the FAQ entry that I found some tips at the onset of this days-long GnuPG
setup rework of mine, I believe should be updated:
8.20. How can I use GnuPG in an automated environment?
I'd help, but firstly, I had already stolen too much time from other work of
mine, and secondly, my understanding is not sufficiently clear on these matters
at this time.
Best regards!
[1] I set up a good password for both my subkeys, and will probably mostly go
offline, and try to quickly ascertain my system status --logs are most always
"tail -f"-ed on top in real time for me, and will often go offline, physically
disconnecting from the internet, for just the time to type the password to do
the encryption/signing.
So maybe a question to advanced users/devs. Any tips on protection from the
dangers to my subkeys (and subkeys of those who will come along from my
tutorial pages) from the bad place called internet? On defence from keyloggers,
from meltdown/spectre exploits big or small users (ah, I know; kernel with all
the mitigations and updated microcode, but maybe the gentle readers can tell
more yet), and such?
