
@_date: 2005-09-24 16:26:20
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: --throw-keyid and -R options 
Is there any difference between the effects of following commands?
gpg -e -R alice -R bob file
gpg -e -r alice -r bob --throw-keyid file
And when I abbreviate --throw-keyid to --throw or --throw-keyi even, I
get the error:
gpg: Option "--throw-key" is ambiguous
There is nothing else that starts with the string "throw" so why?

@_date: 2005-09-26 10:34:31
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: --throw-keyid and -R options 
I suppose
  gpg -e -r alice -R bob file
might be useful in unusual circumstances!
Aha, I had not noticed those two very similar options.

@_date: 2006-02-17 10:36:29
@_author: privacy.at Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: new version of gnupg signed with different key? 
gnupg-1.4.2.tar.bz2.sig was signed with key 0x57548DCD
but gnupg-1.4.2.1.tar.bz2.sig is signed with 0x1CE0C630, which is not in
turned signed with the old key.  Why?  How do we verify it's

@_date: 2008-03-04 17:17:26
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: IDEA not always working in GNUPG 
I occasionally receive messages encrypted by older PGP versions that are
not being decrypted by GNUPG 1.4.7
[scrubbed] gpg filename
gpg: assuming IDEA encrypted data
Enter passphrase: [scrubbed]
gpg: [don't know]: invalid packet (ctb=67)
gpg: WARNING: message was not integrity protected
gpg: [don't know]: invalid packet (ctb=0a)
Here is the output of gpg --version:
[scrubbed] gpg --version
gpg (GnuPG) 1.4.7
Copyright (C) 2006 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
under certain conditions. See the file COPYING for details.
Home: ~/.gnupg
Supported algorithms:
Pubkey: RSA, RSA-E, RSA-S, ELG-E, DSA
Cipher: IDEA, 3DES, CAST5, BLOWFISH, AES, AES192, AES256, TWOFISH
Hash: MD5, SHA1, RIPEMD160, SHA256, SHA384, SHA512, SHA224
Compression: Uncompressed, ZIP, ZLIB, BZIP2
Is this normal behaviour? I'm getting round by using PGP to decrypt IDEA
messages that gpg won't decrypt but gpg does work with some IDEA
messages so I can't figure whats wrong.

@_date: 2008-05-29 15:00:22
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: what if they have my sec key? 
Isn't the smartcard limited to 1024 bit keys? Do anyone know when a key
with enough storage for any practical key size will be ready?

@_date: 2013-02-22 19:24:44
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: US banks that can send PGP/MIME e-mail 
Have any consumer banks in the US figured out how to use PGP, so
monthly statements can be trully *delivered*?
(as opposed to getting a plaintext message troubling clients to login
via some GUI and point-click-point-click-point-click)

@_date: 2013-02-25 21:20:37
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: US banks that can send PGP/MIME e-mail 
Where does this idea that a business case must be recognized by all
suppliers for an entire industry in a whole country before it "works"?
A business case can be viable if there are *zero* implementations,
substantiated purely by analysis.  And having just one working case
goes as far as testing and proving that it works.
My point exactly.  One bank may offer a free t-shirt to get customers,
while another may offer more security and more convience in statement
delivery.  Just because one bank can survive on the t-shirt promo
doesn't make the GPG feature unviable.
You're making several errors in that one statement.
  1) First of all, you're assuming that the feature is
     officially supported.  A bank need not support anything,
     officially.
  2) You're assuming that official support implies unlimited resources
     must be allocated to every call.  Nothing the bank does includes
     unlimited support.  If they choose to give any support at all,
     they can pick and choose the extent to which they offer support.
     And indeed, this is what happens.  Try just getting basic browser
     support if you're running Debian and Iceweasel, when it fails to
     handle all the javascript and flash that many banks (foolishly)
     use.  You'll exhaust the tech support in no time, and will never
     be given the opportunity to talk to the engineers.  And if you
     could, they aren't going to fix what's broken on their server to
     make the service work for you.
  3) An hour of tech support costs the bank about $5-10 for the cheap
     labor they've outsourced it to India.  Perhaps another $10 if the
     Indian call center has operators who have been trained to lose
     their accent and sound American.
  4) A bank can (and does) limit the configuration for which they will
     support, officially.  E.g. they might say they only support the
     latest MS Explorer.  Or they might say they only officially
     support PGP statements to customers who have hushmail accounts
     (so the dummies can get fool-proof service that needs no
     technical support) - while unofficially giving the nerds a means
     to submit their public keys.
IB has figured out that this is not true.  Their VIP customers pay
through the nose for their "premium" service, but they're the only
game in town, so nothing threatens their market share.
Then you would choose to be a dime-a-dozen bank, and compete with tens
of thousands of banks for 1/10000th of 99% of the market, which is
obviously not as profitable as taking the other 1% in whole.
Partner with hushmail.
Don't offer unlimited support.
The demand need not be "explosive" if you're the only one (or one of
very few) supplying the demand.
You've failed to make a convincing case for why a business case
already proven to work in Germany would fail in the US.

@_date: 2013-02-26 19:04:32
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: key length for smart card key generation 
I am able to use the gpg2 --edit-card to generate a 2048 bit secret key
on the card and the stub in the local key ring.  Encrypt/Decrypt
functionality seems to be working.
I read two other old posts on this list that seem to indicate that this
is all gnupg supports:  * You cannot import existing secret keys to the card
* You cannot choose different key lengths for the keys
Is that correct?  Do I need to use a different tool to put 4096 bit
keys on my card?  Can anyone recommend which (free/linux/unix) tool to use to manage keys on the smart card?
(When I try to use the gpg2 --edit-key, and then keytocard, I get an
error saying importing keys is not supported).

@_date: 2013-03-02 17:40:15
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: US banks that can send PGP/MIME e-mail 
You're the one that said the whole of Germany must implement X in
order for idea X to have a business case.  It's nonsense.
Certainly not.  And nor does it matter.
It makes no difference what proportion of Germany the business case is
implemented.. but the fact that it works /in/ Germany is somewhat
useful to recognize, because every country has consumers with a
different mindset, and businesses are regulated under different rules
with respect to other regions.
I disclosed the fact that the bank was German because you would have
(perhaps rightly) asked to know which bank proves that sending openpgp
statements to ordinary customers is a workable business case anyway.
And it's useful to know where to contrast the rules culture in which
the model works.  But to claim that it must be implemented in the
whole of a country in order to have a viable business case if flawed.
Sure, and indeed I identified the particular bank for which the model
is shown to work.
That's flawed, because every idea is unproven, and unimplemented in
the beginning.  If you must witness it working before you build it,
you can never see it working because it won't be built until you build
it.  If you need someone else to implement something first, so you can
see it to believe it, then your position still fails because before
that other person implemented and proved a viable idea, it was viable,
just viable and unimplemented.
And where do you get the idea that perpetual motion machines work in
theory?  It doesn't only fail to be demonstrated in the "real world",
it also fails on paper too.  So we know it fails before we try to
build one, just as we might have known that the printing press had a
viable business case before actually building one.
I suspect you're one of these people who believes that the market is
perfectly efficient -- and so efficient that all good ideas are in
play, and every new product or service that does not exist must not be
commercially viable until the very day it's rolled out.  But I see
opportunities missed far too frequently to accept this line of
reasoning.  Nonsense.  We're talking about a privately owned business in a country
with freedom of enterprise.  They control their resources and
services.  They can decide what they support officially, and what they
support unofficially, and what they fail to support whatsoever.  I have a bank who serves my old linux-based browser, and
*incidentally* the browser happens to work with that bank.  But the
bank certainly does not support my browser officially.  The browser
does not meet the constraints on what they're willing to support.  I
even signed an agreement acknowledging that I will not get support for
products that do not meet the constraints.  It's incidental that the
browser works.
They may not even support my browser unofficially.  E.g. if I call
them with a problem, they may refuse to so much as /attempt/ to
resolve the problem.  And rightly so.  It's their choice to do so.
The bank need not support openpgp.  They can implement an in-house
closed pgp implementation if they want, and it need not conform to the
openpgp standard, if they so choose.  Yet there may be incidental
cases where openpgp clients can open their statements.
If you stand by this statement, then your original claim is
unsupported.  That is, a bank need not spend more money supporting
users individually.
All banks lose customers.  A mission to retain every single one of
them would be a recipe for disaster.  There's a limited value on
If the market can bear that kind of flat cost, then what difference
does it make whether a customer calls over a javascript problem,
navigation problem, or otherwise?  If the contract is written as you
say, then the 1 hour pgp call that costs as much as one of the many
website problem calls is money well spent.  The /website down/ variety
of calls alone overshadows the pgp calls that make a majority of
website calls moot.  IOW, delivered statements means fewer website
calls due to reduced need for the web - the website being a service
that has less continuity.
No, this is not "my solution".  It's an answer to your claim that
ease-of-use is necessarily a show stopper.  I merely demonstrated that
ease of use is not a show stopper -- should some bank seek clients
that need something foolproof.
Off the cuff, "my solution" would probably not start off by targeting
the segment of the market that would need a "PGP for dummies" option.
That's a classic story that hushmail opponents love to flash around.
But it's quite inappropriate here.  US law enforcement can trivially
ask the bank for someones records - often without a warrant and
certainly without getting a Canadian courts blessing.  Banks comply
without hesitation.
In fact, all US mainstream banks have paid lobbyists to push CISPA so
that they can cut the court out entirely and share all data.  If a
client needs to hide their US banking records from the law, Hushmail
is the last place they need to worry about.  It's as if you left your
car door wide open, and you're concerned about the strength of the
lock on the other door.
The bank can choose whether that 100 dollar invoice is worth the
future relationship.  And if they determine that the answer is "no",
by denying support they would be offering that particular client
nothing less than the next bank, who doesn't even offer an unsupported
PGP statement.
This is because in the past 10 years low-tech dummies have flooded
into the realm of online services on an astronical scale, saturating
the market with naive consumers.  The effect of that is not going to
continue as a trend going forward, IMO.
I only need one bank.
I don't need it.  I'm not starting a bank.  Recall that I simply asked
if any US banks were doing what the German bank and IB were already
doing.  Before knowing that some FIs were already doing this, you
claimed it would not happen b/c the business case would not work, but
failed to substantiate.  So the original question still stands.

@_date: 2013-05-21 23:55:15
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: is there a way to modify the date when signing? 
Is there a way to make a signature cleartext or detached, with the date
modified, erased, or otherwise different then system date?
I would like to sign all my messages and have it appear to be signed on
the Epoch date 1970...unless there is some other default way gnupg handles signing date masking.

@_date: 2015-05-05 05:33:00
@_author: Anonymous Remailer (austria 
@_subject: generating revocation certs non-interactively 
ECHO Y\n0\n\nY\n|GPG --command-fd 0 --gen-revoke 0xDEADBEEF
