
@_date: 2012-08-04 02:11:49
@_author: zhong ming wu 
@_subject: looking for reading material 
Hello List
I am looking for some reading material related to gpg subkeys in
particular on how they are related to master signing key.
I have an understanding of how public key system works but what eludes
me is how subkeys are tied to the master key
They are all signed by the master key but it is also possible to take
one of the private subkeys and use it on a machine separate from the
master-key machine
master and subkey public keys are exported?
I would like to use a signing subkey to sign rpm packages and it seems
that rpm cannot verify packages signed with a subkey and rpm mailing
list does not respond to my request for more info.
Using a similar process to export signing subkey I was able to test
signing and verifying email though.
I need a much better understanding of how gpg subkeys work to convince
myself that it is the rpm system that lacks the support and thus I
request the info here. Please point me to books and papers.  Any
explanation you can give in this email will be appreciated too.  If
there is a way to understand better by looking at a particular section
of the source code, please help me navigate the source code.
mr. wu

@_date: 2012-08-05 04:38:34
@_author: zhong ming wu 
@_subject: looking for reading material 
Thanks for your references.
I have a better understanding of x509 used in SSL/TLS protocol than
openPGP.  So perhaps x509 analogy might help me understand it.
When I issue the following command
gpg --export SUBKEYID
Is this equivalent to generating an intermediate CA and root CA
Let's say I give the output of the above command and give to the end
user and let's say I sign a file with this subkey
When the end user verifies the signature of the file, the user 1)
verifies that the file is signed by the subkey 2) verfies thet subkey
is signed by the master key.  Is this correct?  In fact, step 2 can be
done at the time of key importing and should not have to be done every
time the user verifies a file? Is this correct?
This will be equivalent to when a client connects to the server, the
server presents the client with both its certificate and the
intermediate CA.   The client should already have root CA in the
normal x509 system.
The problem I am having with rpm is that it signed packages with the
subkey without complaint.  When it comes to verifying packages it
complains that subkey id is not its keyring even though i imported
already.  The correct thing rpm should be doing is checking 1) whether
the package is signed by the subkey -- to do this it needs subkey in
its keyring --  2) the subkey is signed by the master public key --
this could have been done when it imported two keys the first time and
not every time it verifies a package.  Is this the correct
It must be that rpm only imported the master public key and drops the
public subkey part.   If I can somehow extract the public key of gpg
subkey and feed it to "rpm --import" then rpm might be able to verify
the package but this somehow defeats the web of trust model of
openPGP.  On the other hand rpm itself seems to be not relying on the
web of trust for any of its imported keys.  So, as far as rpm is
concerned the openPGP subkey concept is moot.  Is my understanding
correct?  If I still want to use GPG subkey for rpm signing I need to
extract the public key of the subkey only and feed to rpm.
One more question related to the way openpgpg works:  when rpm
attempts to verify a package signed with a subkey the complaint it
makes contains the subkey ID.  Does that mean that by inspecting a
signed file, an openPGP compliant program like gnupg can tell the ID
of the key used to sign the file?  It does not have to go through the
whole key ring to verify the signature of 1 key, right?
On Sat, Aug 4, 2012 at 5:09 AM, Christian Aistleitner
