
@_date: 2010-10-11 18:17:39
@_author: Mukund Sivaraman 
@_subject: Problem with Gemalto USB Shell Token V2 
Hi Tiago
I just purchased OpenPGP cards and Gemalto USB Shell Token V2 readers
(see ).  They work perfectly for me.
I'll explain what I use to access them. Maybe you can adapt it to your
own use.
1) Start the pcscd service on your distro. This is a daemon that is
distributed in the PCSC-Lite package.  On Fedora, as root you can run:
service pcscd start && chkconfig pcscd on
2) Add the "disable-ccid" option to gpg.conf. This will make GnuPG use
PCSC-Lite to access the card, instead of the built-in CCID driver.
This in itself should be enough to get the card working properly. You
can do gpg --card-status to see the card, gpg --card-edit to edit the
I have all this working on my stock Fedora 13 install with the
following versions of packages:
To configure other things such as SSH authentication keys, etc., you
will have to configure gpg-agent to start during desktop session
startup, make environment variables available to the shell (man
gpg-agent), and also perhaps disable some things if you are using
Good luck.

@_date: 2010-10-11 17:47:32
@_author: Mukund Sivaraman 
@_subject: OpenPGP card questions 
Hi all
I just purchased 4 OpenPGP cards and am configuring one of them.
Everything is working perfectly so far.  I am using the Gemalto USB
Shell Token V2 as the reader device with PCSC-Lite.  You can see
pictures of it here: 1. There is a typo on the printed sheet supplied with the OpenPGP card.
2. When running gpg --armor --export-secret-key , it
actually generates ---PGP PRIVATE KEY BLOCK--- output instead of an
error.  I had chosen not to make any backups when generating the key on
the card.  I asked about this on IRC and was told it might be a stub
containing the card ID, etc., but am looking for a more authoritative
answer (i.e., without the word `maybe') just to be sure.  :)
pgpdump says "Sym alg - Plaintext or unencrypted data(sym 0)", but this
cannot be an unencrypted key, right?  Is it a stub?  Is there any
method using which the private key can be recovered from the card?

@_date: 2010-10-13 10:54:55
@_author: Mukund Sivaraman 
@_subject: Problem with Gemalto USB Shell Token V2 
I don't know about the versions of GnuPG and PCSC-Lite on RHEL 5.5 to
answer this question.  Maybe you can try it, and if it doesn't work,
try compiling the latest versions of these software and see if it works
