
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:29:06
@_author: nelsonsteves@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Biggest Fake Conference in Computer Science 
We are researchers from different parts of the world and conducted a study on  the world?s biggest bogus computer science conference WORLDCOMP (  ) organized by Prof. Hamid Arabnia from University of Georgia, USA.
We submitted a fake paper to WORLDCOMP 2011 and again (the same paper with a modified title) to WORLDCOMP 2012. This paper had numerous fundamental mistakes. Sample statements from that paper include: (1). Binary logic is fuzzy logic and vice versa
(2). Pascal developed fuzzy logic
(3). Object oriented languages do not exhibit any polymorphism or inheritance
(4). TCP and IP are synonyms and are part of OSI model (5). Distributed systems deal with only one computer
(6). Laptop is an example for a super computer
(7). Operating system is an example for computer hardware
Also, our paper did not express any conceptual meaning.  However, it was accepted both the times without any modifications (and without any reviews) and we were invited to submit the final paper and a payment of $500+ fee to present the paper. We decided to use the fee for better purposes than making Prof. Hamid Arabnia (Chairman of WORLDCOMP) rich. After that, we received few reminders from WORLDCOMP to pay the fee but we never responded. We MUST say that you should look at the above website if you have any thoughts to submit a paper to WORLDCOMP.  DBLP and other indexing agencies have stopped indexing WORLDCOMP?s proceedings since 2011 due to its fakeness. See  for of one of the conferences of WORLDCOMP and notice that there is no listing after 2010. See  for comments from well-known researchers about WORLDCOMP. If WORLDCOMP is not fake then why did DBLP suddenly stopped listing the proceedings after? The status of your WORLDCOMP papers can be changed from ?scientific? to ?other? (i.e., junk or non-technical) at any time. See the comments  at lists.cs.columbia.edu/msg05168.html   of a respected researcher on this. Better not to have a paper than having it in WORLDCOMP and spoil the resume and peace of mind forever!
Our study revealed that WORLDCOMP is a money making business, using University of Georgia mask, for Prof. Hamid Arabnia. He is throwing out a small chunk of that money (around 20 dollars per paper published in WORLDCOMP?s proceedings) to his puppet (Mr. Ashu Solo or A.M.G. Solo) who publicizes WORLDCOMP and also defends it at various forums, using fake/anonymous names. The puppet uses fake names and defames other conferences
to divert traffic to WORLDCOMP. He also makes anonymous phone calls and threatens the critiques of WORLDCOMP (see Item 7 in Section 5 of  ).That is, the puppet does all his best to get a maximum number of papers published at WORLDCOMP to get more money into his (and Prof. Hamid Arabnia?s) pockets. Monte Carlo Resort (the venue of WORLDCOMP until 2012) has refused to provide the venue for WORLDCOMP?13 because of the fears of their image being tarnished due to WORLDCOMP?s fraudulent activities. WORLDCOMP?13 will be held at a different resort.
WORLDCOMP will not be held after 2013. The paper submission deadline for WORLDCOMP?13 was March 18 and it was extended to April 6 and now it is extended to April 20 (it may be extended again) but still there are no committee members, no reviewers, and there is no conference Chairman. The only contact details available on WORLDCOMP?s website is just an email address! Prof. Hamid Arabnia expends the deadline to get more papers (means, more registration fee into his pocket!).
Let us make a direct request to Prof. Hamid arabnia: publish all reviews for all the papers (after blocking identifiable details) since 2000 conference. Reveal the names and affiliations of all the reviewers (for each year) and how many papers each reviewer had reviewed on average. We also request him to look at the Open Challenge at  Sorry for posting to multiple lists. Spreading the word is the only way to stop this bogus conference. Please forward this message to other mailing lists and people. We are shocked with Prof. Hamid Arabnia and his puppet?s activities    Search Google using the keyword worldcomp fake for additional links.
