
@_date: 2014-12-29 03:01:34
@_author: nico@enigmail.net 
@_subject: Guys please all see 
Guys please all see
to understand the important role, GPG plays.
Support us, please!

@_date: 2015-08-12 07:44:24
@_author: nico@enigmail.net 
@_subject: How to deal with a 2nd OpenPGP Summit? 
Hi all,
in April 2015 we had a first OpenPGP summit.
It was a meeting where the technical experts of projects and tools
dealing with OpenPGP with a focus on email encryption
met to getting to know each other personally and
discuss several issues.
For details, see e.g.
- - The meting initially was organized by me to bring together
a few guys/projects working in that area, but it became
pretty big (about 30 people). This caused some problems,
because we had a host with limited space (so I finally
even had to reject some people wanting to attend).
We also discussed there how to continue.
On one hand we wanted to have the meeting open so that
anybody wanting to attend could do that and to give trust
by transparency.
On the other hand we want to be able to continue to focus
on technical issues (having a well signal to noise ratio)
in a not-too-large group of "experts".
We didn't find an appropriate way yet to deal with both
Now, I am about to organize a second meeting at the end of this year.
And I want to take the "wisdom" of this crowd to discuss this issue.
What I currently have in mind is a meeting open to the public
but with some limitations (one reason is to focus the work, another
is simply limited space although I don't know where we can meet
this time).
For example:
- Some priority for those who did attend the first meeting
- Some priority for "other experts", which didn't join
  the first meeting
  (but how do we handle that?)
- Some limitations that a person plays a "significant role"
  in the community
- Some limitation so that a tool/project should normally
  send only 1 or 2 guys
The obvious other option is to open the meeting to
everybody willing to come, which raises a couple of risks
(simply too many people, too many non-experts or people
 who want to change the focus, ...).
So, my questions are:
Is it OK for the public/community, if we meet in a way
that is limited as describe above (just for practical reasons)?
Is it OK even if we can't promise full transparency (e.g. by video
taping sessions)?
Would it even be OK, if we meet and constraint what is spoken there
to the Chatham House Rule (see
Some people requested that because
if anything they say might become public, they might or even
have to be careful what they say.
Any general thoughts or proposals about how to deal with this?
Note that I don't want to have it too complicated.
I organize this meeting in my free time to bring the issues
of this community forward.
And just having too many people is already a problem.
I need an approach I can handle.
Or is it better to have no meeting at all instead of a meeting
with some limitations?
 Nico

@_date: 2015-07-27 07:55:03
@_author: nico@enigmail.net 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
Hi all,
in March we discussed here
"German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption"
and Patrick Brunschwig proposed a way to validate email addresses
I also had in mind:
In the past months I tried to come up with a concrete proposal.
I discussed it already with some people and
this is what I/we propose so far.
The proposal is not perfect and not completely worked out
but IMO it is ready for a broader discussion and review.
Thus, I am happy for any feedback
(details and general remarks)
both here and directly as email to me.
If the concept is possible and useful
the goal is to have a first validating keyserver proxy
(see the document for details what this is)
at the end of this year.
We have some guy willing to implement it
as part of a Bachelor thesis.
Best regards
  Nico

@_date: 2015-07-27 19:21:10
@_author: nico@enigmail.net 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
Thanks, Neal for the feedback.
I will try to answer.
Am 27.07.2015 um 14:15 schrieb Neal H. Walfield:
Hmm, not quite right, there are two major points where I think
there is some misunderstanding:
First, I DON'T propose to use key servers here.
In agreement with Kristian Fiskerstrand we propose to give
other servers the task.
As written, these "validation servers" should ideally operate as key
server proxies, though, passing all requests to keyservers and responses
back to email clients, while in addition doing/triggering email validations.
But for ordinary keyservers validations servers "only" provide
validation signatures as any other email client can do.
Second, because the signatures sign UIDs (not keys),
each UID is individually signed.
A validation server could wait to upload the key to a key server
until the FIRST email address is signed.
But in principle, uploading a key or a new UID for the key
is different from triggering its validation (and as a result uploading
the corresponding validation signature to the UID(s)).
Sorry, don't know what a nation state is.
Although, Daniel answered, I didn't quite get the problem here
and would be happy if you prefer to explain the problem a bit in detail
(yes, sorry, I am not an expert).
Hmm, I though I discussed that but may be my wording was bad.
Indeed, there should only by one validation request per email address
each year.
For this, we'd trust multiple validation signatures. But yes,
as I wrote, we have to maintain white- and/or black lists then
(in email clients or where ever).
And yes, THIS can be(come) a problem.
We though about that, but right I didn't write anything about it.
We might follow the following rule:
- Once validated, no re-validations can be triggered
  within the 12 months the signature is valid
  (may be unless the owner of the key itself troggers the re-validation)
- But yes, then we have the problem of others uploading
  faked keys (the problem we want to solve).
  First: May be it's fine that people get informed that
         faked keys are uploaded.
         At least I personally would like to know that.
  Then: I could trigger my own validation and as written
        in the first bullet disable any other validations
        unless triggered by me.
  Thus, once there is a successful validation
        this is no loner a problem.
At least a part of them, I hope.
But I would not be surprised having overlooked some stuff.
You are the experts.
I only want to solve the problem.
And indeed , the question, how to avoid to many validation requests
while at the same time having multiple validation servers
is something I am pretty unsure about details.
I am happy for any help here.
OK, that's of course also possible.
Any reason why this is something you prefer?
OK, interesting idea.
Thanks a lot
  Nico

@_date: 2015-07-27 19:55:24
@_author: nico@enigmail.net 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
Hash: SHA512
Hi MFPA,
Thanks a lot for your feedback.
Am 27.07.2015 um 15:16 schrieb MFPA:
Hmm, I didn't think about that in detail.
But I would assume that because each validation validates a specific
email address, a validation once each year is enough.
I see no problem with both attempts:
- - If the goal is to keep validations in sync,
  key owners might have to confirm emails added over the year
  earlier, which shouldn't be too bad.
- - If the goal is to reduce validation requests, I see no
  problem to have different expiration dates.
I think, because each email should be validated from time to time anyway
(and this is an isolated process), each validation should give
the 12 month period for the specific email when it is validated.
Or do you see any problems?
OK, I agree (unless this feature is widely accepted ;-) ).
So may be, for the beginning, validations can only be triggered
when keys are uploaded (not when they are downloaded).
This whole approach is NOT to make a perfect prove that the email
is correct.
It only says that the email did one day work for a validation
of any kind, which is more than what we have now.
That is, such a validation does not give full trust, it
would only give slightly more trust over emails that
do not have the validation.
But that might be enough to solve the faked key issue.
This is BTW no different than for any other validation email
in common systems. They also don't give more guarantee.
Thus this solution does NOT solve the problem of
interception of emails.
But it helps to detect them (if this happens the ct guys
know that the problem is a lot worse than they thought)
and helps in case this is the result of internet trolls.
It depends on whether and how far you trust the provider.
Reality looks different (see startmail, posteo, riseup, and many company
email servers).
I don't claim to solve any problem in that area.
User/clients might have to decide whether to trust
a validation notation given by posteo, riseup, google, ...
THAT's a bigger step, but if Gnu wants to support it
(which would mean that they think that this approach is fine),
I am happy if this happens.
For the moment I try to minimize additional requirements
to be able to support this approach pretty fast
(for people who want it).
And I really try to got at least some solution for this problem,
which I consider to be one show stopper to establish email encryption.
OK, don't we even have some blacklists in key servers? ;-)
But I agree, that's something we have to discuss or find out in detail.
Hmm, Wener recommended to use
 --check-sigs
rather than
 --list.sigs
which then results in printing the '!'.
Isn't it necessary in your opinion?
Hmm, it was a recommendation by Kristina Fiskerstrand:
"the value should be base64 encoded to avoid some issues"
 Can you elaborate on that?
  Nico

@_date: 2015-07-27 20:19:07
@_author: nico@enigmail.net 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
Hi Ingo,
thanks a lot for the feedback.
Am 27.07.2015 um 16:31 schrieb Ingo Kl?cker:
I agree that this is a key issue/problem of the approach.
And indeed, I suggest to initially or by default give some trust
to some signatures.
Note that I propose different things, though:
1) A standard format for such validations.
   This simply would help to be able to deal with any
   validation approach.
2) A way to establish such validations
   by using a validating key server proxy.
3) A whitelist.
I am happy to only have 1) and 2) and to teach people
to trust e.g. specific servers (and to mistrust others).
I only want to have a way to manage email validations
(a common technique where everybody wonders why this
 is not supported).
This is the best I could come up with after discussing this
with several people.
And so far it would be a lot more than we have now.
It it might fix a problem which otherwise is a show stopper.
If this is not appropriate, what do YOU propose instead
for email validation?
So many processes in this world are today based on email validation.
Do you think that in general email validation is not the right approach
or do you propose something different?
I TRIED to avoid some of them:
- avoiding to many signatures
- providing no central solution
It's the best I could come up with.
I don't see any other form but may be you know better.
Tell me!
I am happy with ANY solution here.
I don't know all the details about DANE, but as far as I know
it is promising but well not established yet.
If we don need my proposal, great!
But if establishing DANE will take more time or if there are
some flaws with it), I would like to have this solution
because IMO it would help.
But I might be wrong.
Thanks and all the best
  Nico
BTW, the name sounds German and I am happy to discuss this whole issue
with you in person.

@_date: 2015-07-28 21:17:28
@_author: nico@enigmail.net 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
thanks again for the great feedback.
Am 28.07.2015 um 19:26 schrieb MFPA:
OK, I will add this as an argument.
Does anybody disagree?
Yep, sounds good to me.
May be an additional value is the goal to establish some
"common" validation signatures, which would allow to
use/trust these signatures by default.
Thus, we also introduce an easy way to benefit from a
validation (signature).
Finding the right balance is probably something we have to find out over
time. I would start very very conservatively, just not to annoy people.
AFAIK, there are not THAT many faked keys, but the problem exists
especially for key parties of our internet world
(a famous German magazine, at least one GPG tool, ...).
The problem is that the German magazine takes this as a show stopper
(both personally and publicly).
I really want to have them back on our road for more encryption
with OpenPGP.
And the "publicity" we get from not validating email addresses
is really a big problem (especially as fixing that problems sounds so
easy and obvious).
Thus, without fixing this, IMO the whole OpenPGP movement
has a reputation problem.
Today, people with faked keys simply get unreadable emails,
but don't know whether there were trolls or spies at work.
After validating their own key, only one of two things can happen:
a) The faked key problem is solved, because people
   now know, which of the available keys to prefer
   (provided people trust the validation signature)
b) The faked key problem still exists, because a
   validation signature to the faked key was
   also added.
   In this case we know that something more severe happened:
   - either the confirmation email was intercepted
   - or the validation server was corrupted
That is, either the problem is solved or
we know that the problem is more severe than just a work
of trolls only uploading a faked key for fun.
Interesting, but this is a different issue.
The question you raise is: (How far) Can we trust the email
provider/server regarding the handling of private keys.
Here in this proposal, IMO, we have a slightly different problem,
which makes corruption less likely.
The reason is:
If an email provider/server "G" gives the private key to the NSA
we don't know about it, because that's a private deal between G and NSA.
Thus, this breakage of privacy is hard to detect and therefore
not a big risk for G to do.
But if G claims that an email address was validated
although it was not, they express this as a public signature
visible to the whole world.
If they do that, people can/will find out and blame G.
But that's something G clearly wants to avoid
(they need trust by their customers).
Thus, they have much more interest not to signal validation
of a faked key because any violation here is easy to detect.
  Nico

@_date: 2015-07-29 07:42:34
@_author: nico@enigmail.net 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
Am 29.07.2015 um 03:30 schrieb MFPA:
What comes into my mind is the following:
- This requires special email clients.
  The benefit of the proposed workflow is that any existing client
  can use it just by switching its keyserver to the validating
  keyserver proxy.
  IMO, that's a huge drawback, because any solution that
  requires email client updates is a lot harder to establish.
- How to deal with existing keys?
  Well probably the same
  (upload a key for the first time and uploading it
   for updates would run the saem workflow), right?
Hmm, isn't step 5 is kind of that?
In any case some confirmation email handling is required.
If this is done by the email client silently,
this also can be done by the email client in my proposal.
But again this requires supporting clients.
indeed, that's an argument
Is this a real benefit?
  Nico

@_date: 2015-07-29 08:28:26
@_author: nico@enigmail.net 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
Hmm, but IMO we anyway need a state in validation servers to deal with
different spam schemes
(i.e. avoiding that any request to a v-server sends an email).

@_date: 2015-07-29 13:07:20
@_author: nico@enigmail.net 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
first i talked to him/them a couple of times personally
(there are multiple editors at that magazine)
about the issue in detail and tried to convince them following
the WoT without success.
Note that they just behave as ordinary users,
having not much time to deal with the problems of OpenPGP.
They get hundreds of emails per day and each email they
can't read is a significant problem because
the 2 seconds they have for reading emails turn out to
become minutes.
There should simply be no overhead in using OpenPGP
in the ordinary case for the ordinary user.
And I agree with that.
Usability is key for a broad acceptance.
I don't want to have the same problem.
And other tools also don't want to have it anymore
(e.g. the GPGTools.org guys have the same problem).
I see no reason NOT to solve this problem,
but I see many reasons to solve it.
Just saying "deal with it" simply means that
we place unneccesary burden on OpenPGP users.
IMO, that's a really bad approach.
Am 29.07.2015 um 12:38 schrieb Ingo Kl?cker:

@_date: 2015-07-29 18:24:08
@_author: nico@enigmail.net 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
Am 29.07.2015 um 15:41 schrieb MFPA:
I am happy to propose other way of validation.
Unfortunately I didn't understand the PoW approach yet.
So, could somebody explain in a bit more detail how a PoW approach works?
In my scenario a user only has to do 2 easy and understandable things:
a) change the keyserver configuration:
   I.e. replace a keyserver by a validating keyserver proxy
b) From time to time process an email asking for
   email confirmation by clicking the appropriate link
IMO, that's easy,
that's something people are used to do
(when they register to other services),
that's rare enough to get accepted..
And it works with each existing email client
(where I can configure the keyserver).
So, how does the PoW approach works in practice?
How does this validate an email?
What has the user to do?
Does it work for each existing email client?
IMO anything more complicated makes acceptance more problematic.
E.g. using two servers (asking for validation at another server
than the keyserver) is IMO for most people simply a show stopper.
Even replying with a signed email IMO instead of
clicking a link sounds more complicated to me.
IMO, we should avoid any step that makes the scenario
more complex than necessary (without a significant win).
But as written, I didn't understand the PoW scenario yet.
may be the effective interaction (based on the UIs of existing
email clients) is not worse.
Sorry that I am not an expert in this area.
  Nico

@_date: 2015-07-30 14:43:35
@_author: nico@enigmail.net 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
as written in the proposal
key 8B5A ABB1 A033 21CE C2FF C35F 3BA0 E844 EDEB DFE9
is a faked key which is signed by a faked CA.
THAT's exactly the problem I want to fix!
And note that for ordinary users it is not that easy to find out
Yes, people could in this case double check with the web site of
the magazine. But they simply don't do that (including me and
a couple of other people here in this forum!).
As a result J?rgen aganin and again gets emails with the wrong key.
And I dind't get an answer from J?rgen ...
And ...
I want to avoid this unnessecary burdon.
BTW, as another example,
several keys of team at gpgtools.org are faked
(search for these keys and the the interesting result).
Am 30.07.2015 um 12:23 schrieb MFPA:
