
@_date: 2014-08-22 18:13:54
@_author: Nicolai Josuttis 
@_subject: email verification as casual checking? 
to deal with faked keys, some guys had the idea to use
email verification and let then certification servers
take that as "casual signing".
For example:
- Some guy might create a key using a mail client
- That key is then automatically sent by the email client
  to a server, which can be used as key server
- The key server sends a confirmation request to the email
  address(es) of the registered key
- If the confirmation recipient confirms that he/she registered
  the key, the key server certifies this key as casual checked.
THAT IS, the key server would automatically certify the correctness
of the association between the key and the email address as casual signing.
The big advantage would be to have a simple way to validate
The big disadvantage beside some details (such as registering
additional email addresses) is probably that PGP signatures
usually sign the owner, not his/her email address,
if I understood it correctly.
Although regarding signature types, we state in RFC4880:
But we could mark this kind of automatically certifying key server as
special so that people (are able to) know what they do
when they trust this key server and therefore its casual signed keys.
What do you think about this idea?
Was it ever discussed?

@_date: 2014-08-23 09:12:14
@_author: Nicolai Josuttis 
@_subject: email verification as casual checking? 
if I try to use keyserver.pgp.com as enigmail key server
it neither accepts public keys I want to upload
nor gives responses to searches of emails I know they have.
Am I missing something or does this key server only
work on a manual copy&paste or upload/download base?
My question was about a real key server supporting
the usual key server protocol with the additional
features to
a) verify email addresses of keys
b) serves as element in the WoT so that
   I can use the server a trusted address,
   so that all keys signed by this server
   count as trusted (if I like)
