
@_date: 2013-08-22 20:22:25
@_author: Jasper den Ouden 
@_subject: Why trust gpg4win? 
Compiling your own fixes the issue of the sources not corresponding to
 binaries. (well possibly there is a hole you compile with a
compromised binary)
But i think people are _correct_ in thinking that it is too much work?
Package managers currently rather often sign the packages, the
delivery part has a measure of security, at least. Cant package
managers like apt come with easy to tools to check that the binary
corresponds to the sources so people can easily do so? Perhaps a
standard place to vouch for the fact that you did check some package
would be a nice thing aswel. gitian.org might be a good start.
This way of improving security might reach more people for the same or
less work. (However PKGBUILDs on pacman AUR have not always been
co-operative, not everything may compile easily, and if you tweak
something to make it work, a difference in compiled result might hinge
on that)
As others noted, endpoints are too often insecure. Arent computers
getting much cheaper now, as shown by say, the raspberry pi? It seems
to me that it is time to start running highly-security oriented
operating systems on cheap computers. Those would then just be used
for message sending, signing documents, basic browsing..(Is there a
pdf tool for extra security.) If it is not a persons main computer,
restricting what it is used for is simply not an inconvenient nearly
as much.

@_date: 2013-10-02 21:40:40
@_author: Jasper den Ouden 
@_subject: gpgshare; have files and a tool that sorts files by gpg alias for 
Hash: SHA1
I feel that using overly centralized servers and organizations is a bad
idea in the long
I am not the only one, there are projects like However, not everyone can run servers, doing so you have to mess with
routers sometimes.
A requirement of a social network application is being able to
communicate, and to identify aliasses. GnuPG can do the latter, and also
encrypt and stuff too. So it makes sense to combine the two which other
applications can use to implement some facet of a social network.
I also think 'the file' should be a unit of sending data. People should
be able to easily add other techniques of transferring those files like
autodetecting email attachments for it, pigeons with usb sticks.
I have some simple bash source code that demonstrates the idea.(I will
change the name if relevant people object)
 (There are descriptions on
`readme.md`s there)
_All it does_ is sort by gpg identity and verify/decrypt&extract into a
file system. If an application is happy not being able to initiate a
fetch.send of data, all it has to do is look at its directory and
incorporate the news there. In addition, it might need more capability
to compose data to send, putting different in different
files.(different levels of private/public)
The first thing i will try to use it,(and i have started figuring how
to place it alongside a website) is a make system to comment/take
notes and reply to them anywhere,(and specify who gets access to it)
with minimum threshold-to-use -right on web pages.('anywhere' is
bigger than that, but websites is a good start)
Note that i tried to suggest something similar before(FTR)
This email is meant to get some feedback, collaborators, and maybe
ideas/a start on how to actually popularize the programs that will use
the system. It would be useless without co-users. However, i am open
to changing the form this might be done as wel, for instance the
sort-by-gpg identity is so simple that maybe it could be incorporated
into the existing gpg project(and associated libraries) itself.(It
doesnt really increase dependencies either, just tar) Or you might
want to start the project from your side and i join you instead of
vice  versa.(I do think the 'just put files', and minimal touching of
the distributing system of subject matters of social networking is
important though) In that case i'll change the linked github to be
just the comment anywhere stuff.
