
@_date: 2006-11-07 10:08:06
@_author: Olaf Gellert 
@_subject: keyserver 
Don't know.
It is. PKS does not support multiple subkeys and some
other features of modern keys. Actually nearly all
keyserver administrators switched to SKS (it syncs
fine and supports all recent keys).
Should run on SuSE without too many problems (I have
installed SKS on a SuSE system). Hopefully you have
the correct version of the OCAML-Compiler etc. Just
ask at the SKS mailing list, it is usually low traffic
but very responsive.
I guess not. There are some problems with recent public
keyservers (which are not technical problems but legal
problems, eg. privacy of the data (because keys actually
cannot removed or blacklisted)), but this does not
matter for a private key server. But a keyserver is
something completely different than GnuPG, so the
crypto gurus take care for GPG and some other gurus
develop key servers. Maybe a key server that supports
cryptography would need a team of both. Any takers? ;-)
Cheers, Olaf

@_date: 2006-10-28 11:54:33
@_author: Olaf Gellert 
@_subject: Can't propagate key through public keyservers 
Well, I would not be so harsh. I guess there are
pretty well connected servers (concerning bandwidth
and reliability of network lines) and not so good
connected or equipped (concerning reliable hardware)
ones. Additionally good connectivity always depends
on where YOU actually are (so have all lines from
the server to your client wide bandwidth? No bottle-
neck in between?). And it might even be that a server
that is reachable from random.sks.keyserver.de is
not reachable from my local client.
If you ask me cycling AUTOMATICALLY through a local
list of servers could even be a better thing than
random.sks.keyserver.de, because it let's room for
users choices. So maybe random.sks.keyserver.de is
a reasonable default, but may not always be the best
solution. In a list that is stepped through locally
I could decide to enter serverX.wherever.com as
first, serverY.somewhereelse.org as second and
random.sks.keyserver.de as third choice.
So as always: Having or proposing just a single
solution is not a good thing. Have lots of
solutions and let people choose what to use
seems better (and having a good default for
those who are not experienced enough to choose
or who don't care). So the solution
"random.sks.keyserver.de" might be a good
default, but who am I to judge what is the
BEST solution?
Cheers, Olaf

@_date: 2006-10-30 12:42:29
@_author: Olaf Gellert 
@_subject: Can't propagate key through public keyservers 
To my knowledge on outdated versions of PKS a key is
mangled completely if a new subkey arrives. On recent
PKS servers, a new subkey is simply not stored (so
the old subkey stays there and the complete key stays
intact, only the new subkey is missing).
The word has it that there was one single patched
PKS that could handle multiple subkeys, but the
patch was never published.
You might convince your IT-department at least when
someone else has to add a new subkey. So just sit
and wait and you will get better (or more) arguments...
No, to be honest: SKS keyservers work for all recent
key formats of PGP/GnuPG, so that's a solution...
Regards, Olaf

@_date: 2007-01-01 14:48:09
@_author: Olaf Gellert 
@_subject: Still Bad Signatures - KGPG seems broken 
Well, can't tell for your special case. But there have
always been issues with encoding (7 bit / 8 bit) so it
might be that your emails encoding differs when you send
it from windows or linux (and this may cause some mailer
on the way to change the encoding (and destroy your clear-
signed messages) or not).
Does this problem only occur when you send to mailing
lists? Or does it also occur when you send signed emails
to normal recipients? That would give a strong indication
on where the error actually happens...
Cheers, Olaf

@_date: 2007-03-02 09:41:18
@_author: Olaf Gellert 
@_subject: Error with encrypting: unusable public key 
Hi all,
I keep getting an error trying to encrypt to the key
0xCC21E10F. The key is self-signed, gpg --check-sigs
does not complain, but still when I try to encrypt
I get:
gpg: 0xCC21E10F: skipped: unusable public key
I am using gpg 1.4.5 on a Linux box (SuSE 10.2).
Could this be a matter of algorithms? The key is
available on the keyservers. Thanks for help,

@_date: 2007-03-02 10:43:28
@_author: Olaf Gellert 
@_subject: Error with encrypting: unusable public key 
Thanx, I missed that. So this is one of the "sign only"
keys and to enable encryption, one would add an encryption
only subkey?
