
@_date: 2011-01-09 16:58:24
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: clearsign failed: Bad signature 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi David,
[2010-12-11 olav at mozilla-enigmail.org]
[2010-12-20 dshaw at jabberwocky.com]
since I'm not the only one that cannot use SHA256/SHA512 with the v2
card, may I ask you to test signing with an OpenPGP card v2 using hash
algos other than SHA-1/RIPEMD-160? I have no idea how to narrow the
problem further.
P.S.: new email address, I just updated my key accordingly

@_date: 2011-01-11 12:36:13
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: What is the benefit of signing an encrypted email 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Jim / Bob,
encrypted = only persons you encrypted TO can read your message
  (= these persons need to have set up a key themselves beforehand)
signed = everybody that has access to your PUBLIC key can verify
  that your message has not been fiddled with since you signed it

@_date: 2011-07-25 12:05:01
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: How secure are smartcards? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Mike,
yes, I use these cards for several years now. This Email is signed by one.
The overall security of a crypto system often isn't defined by the strength of
the crypto algo or the possibilities for a forensic analysis of the hardware.
In that sense, it is less important how secure the card itself is (taken that
as Hubert already stated the efforts that need to be taken to scratch info off
the circuit is high opposed to other attack vectors) but how it is used. So I
focus on another security aspect here:
One key advantage of a card is that the private keys does not need to be
accessible to the computer itself at any time if it is generated on-card. That
way, you know for sure, that *only* you hold the private key as long as you
physically own the card. The knowledge of "that no copy of it has been made"
is important.
I did so but unfortunately my (old) card broke. So I was busted. To avoid that
in the future, I now generated my new key for usage in the card on an offline
system (e.g. Live-CD in RAM disk) and copied it on an old small memony card (to
allow to easily decrypt by importing the whole key to my keyring after revoking
it) which I encrypted differently and physically locked securely. I imported
the key to 2 SmartCards while also locking one away as easy backup and another
one for daily use. After shutting down the offline system, only the one card is
used with computers connected to the net. If this one is lost or stolen, I'd
revoke the key (with a rev cert that I also generated separately).

@_date: 2011-07-25 15:42:50
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Smartcards and readers 
Hi Robert,
I use SCM Microsystems SCR-335 and OMNIKEY CardMan 4040 PCMCIA Readers
for years and never had any issues with them using Windows XP, Windows 7
and Ubuntu 10.04 with 1024 and 2048-Bit OpenPGP cards. I have no OS X.
My FUJITSU E780 laptop has a built-in O2Micro SmartCardBus Reader which
using W7Pro64 can access the card but GnuPG doesn't work well with the
driver/hardware so that it sometimes does not do operations as expected.
(process waits for something and stalls, can be worked around by pulling
the card and re-inserting it). The answer of Fujitsu support/development:
  "The system Lifebook E780 and the smartcard reader is used by different
   international customers within global PKI environments (with different
   smartcards, middleware and applications). So we can exlude the driver
   and the internal reader itself. The reported issues, subjected to a
   specific smart card and a specific application seems not to be caused
   by the FTS hardware itself."
I gave up, ordered another PCMCIA reader and disabled the internal one.

@_date: 2011-11-19 04:26:46
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Which ExpressCard/54? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi list,
I use my OpenPGP SmartCard in my laptop (W7+Linux) with a PCMCIA reader.
I think about buying a new laptop. Unfortunately, new models often only
ExpressCard/54 slot is available today (if at all).
After having had trouble with built-in SmartCard readers,
I think it's a good idea to use a ExpressCard/54 reader instead.
It would help to have a hint which ExpressCard reader to buy.
The OpenPGP SmartCard HowTo does not recommend any ExpressCard reader.
I found two ExpressCard/54 readers:
* Gemalto PC Express (PCMCIA HWP114310D)
    * SCM Microsystems SCR3340 Express Card Reader
    smart-card-readers-a-terminals/smart-card-readers/scr3340
Any hands-on experience with them or other suggestions?

@_date: 2011-11-21 07:32:52
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Which ExpressCard/54? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Werner,
that's a clear statement, ordered a SCR3340.
Cool. That's a bonus. Hopefully won't need it but thanks anyway!
Thanks for all other responses, too, very helpful!

@_date: 2011-11-29 22:06:45
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Card only available to root user 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi anonymous "Crypto Stick" and OpenPGP card users on Linux,
Thanks for that link!
Will the package find its way to the official debian repositories?
Oh, I did not know of that, too, thanks. I also have a CryptoStick but prefer
to use my Card since it may remain while transporting the laptop. (No, I am not
concerned that anyone could steal it since I'd know it immediately and revoke.)
After using debian (and sometimes Ubuntu) I thought I'd give Fedora 16 a try.
I was thrilled to see that the fingerprint sensor was supported automatically
but still using OpenPGP SmartCard requires quite some manual tweaking :-(
I looked on the GnuPG homepage first but the HowTo at
has broken/missing links for the two files gnupg-ccid.rules and gnupg-ccid.
I finally found the FSFE HowTo and tried the files from there
My user is member of the scard group.
Yet I still have the same issue as Luis - access as root OK but not als user:
It seems the above files don't solve my problem since they all trigger on USB
events. However, my PCMCIA based reader Omnikey CardMan 4040 (linked as
supported device on seems to be PCI based:
lsusb doesn't list it, lspci lists
and lspcmcia yields
And I don't know where to look how to compile my own rules for cm4040_cs.
Any help appreciated.

@_date: 2011-11-30 22:27:19
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Card only available to root user 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Werner,
that should be mentioned in the SmartCard HowTo then.
And: I can access --card-status as root, just not as user ...

@_date: 2011-09-21 16:21:28
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: After opening file with GPG Tools any file can be opened w.o. pwd 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Caching in gpg-agent is responsible for this. You can configure its cache entry
TTL values. Look for cache settings in gpg-agent.conf (to be created in your
GnuPG homedir. You may want to set default-ttl to some seconds only (or "0"?).

@_date: 2012-12-03 13:00:05
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Gnupg-users Digest, Vol 111, Issue 2 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Len,
you must distinguish between using your old keys for new messages/files and
keeping them to be able to decrypt old messages/files.
Whether it's a good idea to further use the key depends on how the key was
created and how big your web of trust is that is associated to that key.
If you sticked to the defaults in PGP as they have been many years ago, then
maybe it's a good idea to create a new key to use further on AND keep the
old key in case you need to decrypt any old message or file.

@_date: 2012-12-03 13:03:56
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: OT: USB key with hardware encryption? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Richard,
you look for a thumb drive that supports some kind of hardware encryption and
can operate OS independent and be accessed as plain FAT.
I use and recommend Works 100% self contained. But it's not exactly what I'd call cheap.
Also have a look at these:

@_date: 2012-02-11 09:34:50
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Pls help on OpenGPG/ Preference 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi kunle odu,
you posted 3 messages to the GnuPG mailing list. There is a better place to
get help with Enigmail: Please subscribe and post further messages there.
And before you post, please gather information first and then post all info
one would probably need to be able to help you in one message, such as
- - on what system are you
- - which software is installed, versions
  (as for Enigmail, that's from the OpenPGP menu)
- - what were the steps you took
- - when did you encounter which errors
- - debug information
  (Enigmail: OpenPGP preferences (advanced settings on), debugging tab)
You need to install GnuPG. First uninstall any GnuPG you tried to install
manually. Use the recent GPG4win (2.1), available from You may adjust the packages to be installed as you like, but the default
works fine. Once installed, restart Thunderbird. Enigmail will find GnuPG
WITHOUT any prefs/paths set as long as you leave the default installation
path of GPG4win untouched.
Your "Error in accessing Enigmail service" has nothing to do with GnuPG.
It seems that you are on Windows using Thunderbird 10.0, no Enigmail headers.
Please uninstall Enigmail (from the AddOns dialog) and download it again
from here:  ,
then install dhe downloaded file from the AddOns dialog.
Only once you resolved the "accessing Enigmail service" error, you will be
able to use any functionoality such as creating a key.

@_date: 2012-01-31 07:34:07
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: GnuPG distribution signature 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Faramir,
according to the website, it is:
In the 3rd text paragraph on "signing key" links to  which lists
That new key 4F25E3B6 is signed by the older signing key 1CE0C630.

@_date: 2012-01-31 15:46:42
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Revoke a key 0E84608B 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Marko,
how I understood your issue: you have a key, changed it's passphrase and used
it successfully after that. Then, after some time, you could no longer use it
since GnuPG said you entered a "bad passphrase".
If that's correct, here are my thoughts:
- - There is no known passphrase mingling issue with GnuPG, so a passphrase you
  once set should still work, but
- - It could be that you entered it with a different keyboard/lang/codepage
  setting. If you have several locales installed (e.g. in Gnome), please
  figure out which characters could be different.
- - Your key worked for some time and then no more after a while. That might be
  due to gpg-agent that still had your key cached. After cache expiration, it
  reasked for the passphrase.
- - To CREATE a rev cert, you need your secret key and your passphrase.
  To IMPORT an existing rev cert, you don't need a passphrase. That is why
  you should create a rev cert directly after generating a key pair.
- - If your broken key was uploaded on a keyserver and you cannot revoke, it
  will stay "valid" there forever - just add a newer key and live with it.
  If you successfully imported it, mind to upload the revoked public key.

@_date: 2012-07-31 12:00:23
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Mac OS X 10.8 and OpenPGP Cards 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Kevin, list,
please note that 10.8 brings significant changes (namely sandboxing) to Mac OS X
which does have impact on most software. Luke Le from GPGtools posted on 26.07.:

@_date: 2012-09-19 00:49:01
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: password cache Windows 7 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Sebastian,
There are a few configuration files needed for gpg-agent. By default they may
all be found (or created) in the current GnuPG home directory (e.g. ~/.gnupg):
gpg-agent.conf is the standard configuration file read by gpg-agent on startup.
It may contain any valid long option; the leading two dashes may not be entered
and the option may not be abbreviated.
 --default-cache-ttl n
    Set the time a cache entry is valid to n seconds. The default is 600
    seconds.
 --max-cache-ttl n
    Set the maximum time a cache entry is valid to n seconds. After this time a
    cache entry will be expired even if it has been accessed recently. The
    default is 2 hours (7200 seconds).
 --ignore-cache-for-signing
    This option will let gpg-agent bypass the passphrase cache for all signing
    operation. Note that there is also a per-session option to control this
    behaviour but this command line option takes precedence.
echo "default-cache-ttl 300" >> ~/.gnupg/gpg-agent.conf

@_date: 2013-12-19 17:22:05
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: [Announce] GnuPG launches crowdfunding campaign 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Werner,
am 19.12.2013 11:08, schrieb Werner Koch:
congratulations, 6 hours after your post, nearly half of that target is pledged.
One note: apart from the data privacy statement being not available in english,
my concern is invoices - I am self-employed and can just pledge without invoice,
but most companies cannot. In the process, I only got the following receipt:
FUNDACION FUENTES ABIERTAS
On-line shopping
(some other logo)
Operation number: Amount: 35.00 Euros
(check mark)
Card Payment
Data that identifies the operation:
(printer symbol)
Operation number:
35.00 Euros
Date / Time:
19/12/2013 (payment service logo)
One cannot use that as a proof that one donated for something, it does not even
state the project the pledge is about. There is also no information on any
document to receive later (apart from account / credit card / Paypal statement),
not in the Projekt (where it does not belong anyway), but also not in Goteos FAQ
Maybe you/Sam should discuss this with Goteo before you start the NEXT round :-)

@_date: 2013-12-27 19:01:20
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Printing PGP Businesscard 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi list,
I asked dkg off-list whether a whitespace after the field name-value delimiter
would be OK. He answered:
So in a TEXT QR-Code,
  OPENPGP4FPR: 0123456789abcdef...
should work with monkeysign. But as a VCARD, the fingeprint line should read
  OPENPGP4FPR:0123456789abcdef...
because of to the vCard standard.
Apart from the question about whitespace, there are no OpenPGP related fields
defined in vCard, neither for keyIDs, key-download-URLs nor fingerprints (yet).

@_date: 2013-12-31 02:56:00
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: ePGP extension for mobile 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Edwin,
I am sure you did a search before you posted this, didn't you?
It should have revealed at least these:
AFAIK K9/Kaiten + APG was the first OpenPGP Mail solution for Android:
There also is a fully integrated app; its UI is not as smooth as Kaiten yet:
A standalone GnuPG implementation (e.g. for key management or own solutions):
I don't own/use Apple phones, so I cannot rate these apps, please test yourself:
I cannot tell the quality of those apps in respect of robustness against attacks
or about the qualification of their developers. If you use these apps, you
effectively trust them blindly. I'm not telling you shouldn't (I also use them).
But taking into account that implementing a crypto system is the "hard part" and
most past practical attacks against crypto systems only were only feasible due
to weak programming or system engineering (and not the crypto itself, which most
probably is used by these apps in form of libraries), it's worth thinking about.
Well, but what's the alternative? Bying something from RSA? *smirk*
Although I hold a dregree in computer scince, I am not a programmer and cannot
peer review these apps. But I feel this would be necessary and maybe someone on
the list already reviewed or is willing to one or another app source. Would be
interesting to hear about. Concering this list: is that too off-topic?
Due to the nature of device roaming, on mobile devices other questions arise,
too. At least think about device authentication, encrypted storage (device/app),
and whether want to use/store the same secret key (or use different (sub)keys).

@_date: 2013-12-31 17:59:00
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: ePGP extension for mobile 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Edwin,
you mean something that does not only work as plugin for default Android/iOS
Mail apps but also full device encryption and/or file encryption? Unfortunately
no, none that I know of. Multiple company requests might lead Symantec product
development to implement one, though.
I see solutions like "Good for Enterprise" and the use of encrypted transport
(TLS) in companies. No company I know of uses either OpenPGP or S/MIME on mobile
devices yet. But why not employing the OS device encryption and store messages
encryptedly using one of the apps mentioned? If enterprise grade support is
vital, go ask the developer. Or Apple/Samsung/... ;-)

@_date: 2013-02-01 00:49:59
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: path defaults for gpg.conf 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi John,
some of your questions might be answered by reading README.W32 which you can
find in the doc folder of GnuPG source tarballs:

@_date: 2013-02-01 07:43:40
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: path defaults for gpg.conf 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hello, John.
That's an authors' decision. I'm fine with it. It gives you many means to
control your environment - and for security products I prefer NOT to include
the 'current dir' default.

@_date: 2013-02-01 23:38:45
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: path defaults for gpg.conf 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi John,
I did not exactly say that it does. I said that I prefer it that way since it
uses well-defined places that I may look after. Adding a fifth is not necessary
for me. And it was an author's decision. Maybe one of them wants to comment on
'why' - or even take on the RFE and implement another check in the folder the
executable was called from.
I was thinking of DLL preloading attacks
( when I wrote this. But I agree that
it doesn't match exactly.
Yes, I know. And in times where your Word files were saved next to WORD.COM and
some .INI, this may have been a good thing. In multi user systems, it is not.
User settings should not be looked for in the program directory but in folders
meant to be used by the user (only). This does not tell that it may not be a
good idea to be able to define system defaults. But looking in the /current/
(=any e.g. a system-writable thumb drive) program directory for system defaults
first and preloading them and then overriding them by some user settings is not
what *I* want since I will not define (and thus override) /all/ settings in my
user config just to make sure that I really get what I want independent of what
a malware may have dropped somewhere. E.g. im my gpg.conf there is no path to
my keyring.
You may say "we only use that config in /current/ dir if no other was found.
But still even then I would not want it since I would want the keys in %appdata%
to be used if I don't set it otherwise.
We must dive into which process would be able to modify which env variables and
which users may write to which places
Originally I wrote some explanation, then rethought and changed it to what I
wrote "for security products I prefer NOT to include the 'current dir' default."
since I did /not/ want to open a discussion about security implications since
I did noticed that the concerns I had would not hold or at least would need to
employ rare special cases.
I studied Computer Science but would no call myself a programmer. Usually you
have some built-in defaults. If you want to honor any files that contain system
or user settings, you must check all places that you want to look for such
settings. This may include the folder the program binary resides in. But there
is no automatism, it does not do it just because all programs always do. You
have to program it to check. Or, as GnuPG does, check places which tell you
where to look for settings files.
I hope that clearified it a bit. Sorry for the noise.
P.S.: offline now

@_date: 2013-02-04 17:39:11
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: More secure than smartcard or cryptostick against remote attacks? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi anonymous writer,
might a SmartCard with reader that has its own pinpad help?

@_date: 2013-02-26 12:45:14
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Revocation certificate creation 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Werner,
my vote: yes. Non-intrusive information about what next steps should be. When
creating a key using Enigmail, it asks the user to save a rev cert. CLI should
do the same.
Personally, I used to use expiration dates but found it unconvenient. On newer
keys, I rather make sure a have a rev cert in a safe place and set no expiry.
But that's a personal preference. And yes, a user really should do one or the
other at least.
Concerning expiration I vote to set to 3 years at least, but there are different
scenarios that have requirements: private messaging, company keys, ...

@_date: 2013-02-26 14:37:49
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Revocation certificate creation 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Werner,
well, first it's just my opinion. Second, I'd vote for a hint _at least_.
I'd prefer a question to the user whether he/she wants to create one.
Same applies for the key backup itself!
Even with question, there should be one sentence explaining why the user
should care about it, like
  If your private key is lost or broken or gets compromised, you might
  want to mark your public key invalid if you (or someone) put it on a
  public key server. You can do so using a revocation certificate.
  Would you like to create a revocation certificate now?
  (if yes, ask for typical "causes", maybe even multiple, IMHO no expert
  freetext "cause" - those that do know this also know how to use args.)
  [Farewell message prior to exiting] Mind to store a copy of your private
  and public key and the revocation certificate(s)
   on a reliable offline media and save that in a place only you have
  access to.
Well, that's a lot to read, maybe there's a shorter way to tell but it
should be readable by the average user. Again: my personal preference.

@_date: 2013-11-04 16:11:24
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Smart card reader issues with Windows 8.1 Pro 64bit 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi list,
for a couple of years now I use an OpenPGP SmartCard for my daily mail.
Every message I sign gets signed by the card, every encrypted message I
receive gets decrypted by it. My v1 card failed one day without warning,
my v2 card works fine ever since I got it (when v2 cards were released).
I used several computers, running Windows most of the time. And had many issues.
With Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux. While I was astouned by the lack of support
and plug-n-play integration of smart card readers  (at least some years ago),
I also had trouble with Windows.
My Fujitsu Lifebook E780 for example: i7, 8G RAM, SSD, 15" non-glare display,...
A configuration one may also buy today. But it's no longer supported by Fujitsu.
Support in terms of BIOS and driver updates ended 2009(!), shortly after I
bought it, and as soon as the successor model was released.
I chose to buy that laptop because it had a self-encrypting SSD, a fingerprint
reader - and a built-in smart card reader. But I was never able to use it with
my OpenPGP SmartCard: after the laptop went to standby the reader would no
longer recognize any card until rebooted. Fujitsu support (3rd Level, Japan!)
told me that this must be a SmartCard issue since the reader works fine in many
big companies around the globe. Thank you...
In all Windows versions, that internal smart card reader needs a special driver,
it's not known by Windows/Microsoft. In Windoes 7 and 8 I had the above issues.
In Windows 8.1 I could install the W7 drivers and the device would be listed
100% functional. But once I enter ANY SmartCard, I get a blue screen. So I
disabled the built-in reader
Instead, I bought myself a CardMan 4040 and it worked absolutely smoothly for
me - from Windows XP to Windows 8 - without "special" drivers!
Not so in Windows 8.1. Here the reader is also recognized and installs its
drivers. For some seconds, device properties show that it is up an running fine,
but after what sems like no time, it shows a device error and can't be accessed.
Asking HID support, I received no answer at all...
Since my other SCM readers SCR-335 (USB) and SCR-3340 (PC-Express/54) work fine
and there are at least more recent drivers on their website, I bought a used(!)
SCR-243 (PCMCIA). It also gets recognized after an automatic initial driver
download through Windows Update but it does not recognise any SmartCard.
I try to find out now whether just the reader I bought is broken or does not
work with Windows 8.1 at all. Does anyone use a SCR-243 with Windows 8.1?
Any other good experiences with other PC-Express/54 and/or PCMCIA readers using
GnuPG on Windows 8.1? Any hints or recommendations?
I own a CryptoStick (1.1) and could use that, but I really would like to use my
Card as it is - with a SmartCard reader... on Win 8.1, Mac OS X, and Linux.

@_date: 2013-10-06 10:54:21
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: [Announce] [security fix] GnuPG 1.4.15 released 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi GnuPG users,
You may use Enigmail with either GnuPG 1.4 or 2.0.
The reasons for the recommendation are that
- - there is a proper Windows installer for 2.0 and
- - gpgagent allows to cache multiple passphrases.
With just GnuPG 1.4 installed, Enigmail reverts to its old behavior and allows
to cache passphrases itself. While this allows to control within the GUI how
long a passphrase is cached, only one passprease is supported for all keys and
uses (sign, decrypt). Therefore, we urge people to use GnuPG 2.0 / gpgagent.
If you're happy with just one passphrase, no. Never touch a running system ;-)

@_date: 2014-08-24 23:08:32
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: default encrypt to multiple keys 
Hash: RIPEMD160
In gpg.conf I have set these two options
default-key 2C8E43DAEBB23B3E668AF459A197DF6B6AE1EF56
These worked fine for one key. I now want to use two, in other words: every
message and file I encrypt shall also be encrypted to BOTH my private keys
(one card based, one Smartphone). What would be the best way to achieve this?

@_date: 2014-08-24 23:33:00
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: default encrypt to multiple keys 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Kristian,
thanks a lot, didn't find it since it's in a different page on the web:

@_date: 2014-01-02 16:04:14
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: ePGP extension for mobile 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Edwin,
IN SHORT
To your question: I don't think there is a "mobile solution" for ePGP available.
LONG ANSWER
I wasn't aware that you referred to a product. I interpreted "Enterprise PGP" as
(any) enterpsise-grade OpenPGP-Implemenation. I apologize for that confusion.
While I see the benefit of centralized PGP implementations, I personally would
not use epgp.org any more since it seems to be abandoned: the last build is from
April 2007 - almost 7 years old. No (security relevant) bugs found since then?
I don't know the product. I see no mail client integration in the screenshots,
so I assume it works similar to and  .
In security gateways, messages get signed/verified/en-/decrypted on the server.
Thus, messages behind that gateway (in the 'local network') travel unprotected.
(Usual transport layer security such as TLS should be applied though.)
Additional thoughts/ideas:
To access Mail from mobile devices, one way would be to have a VPN connection
to the mail server /behind/ the security gateway, leaving you with unencrypted
messages on the phones. You might use a special app that uses phone-independent
protected storage (such as R2Mail2), or put yor company mail app inside some
secured container (such as Good for Enterprise).
Or you might set up additional key pairs for each mobile device and push all
incoming messages to special (even publicly available) 'mobile devices
accounts'. You'd have to provision the corresponding key pair to each phone
and may use any (unprotected) mail app.

@_date: 2014-07-03 14:00:27
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: =?UTF-8?B?QW5hbG9naWVzIHRvIGV4cGxhaW4gdGhlIGJhc2ljIHByaW5jaXBsZXM=?= 
=?UTF-8?B?bG9naWVuIHVtIGRhcyBQcmluemlwIHZvbiBQR1AgenUgZXJrbMOkcmVuKQ==?=
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Daniel,
I'd also rather use the analogy of a "padlock without key" to be distributed by
the receipient of a message. That way you're able to explain the prerequisite
for asymmetric crypto as we use it in OpenPGP: the receipent must "do something"
BEFORE anyone can send anything (secured by that means) to him. Everyone knows
what happens if you snap the lever into the lock - you're only able to unlock it
if you have the key (or a big tool, OK).

@_date: 2014-03-10 17:31:15
@_author: Olav Seyfarth 
@_subject: Size of client key jumped from 2KB to 25KB 
Hash: RIPEMD160
Hi Steve,
maybe you just want to clean sigs using one of the import/export options.
- From /man gpg/
*--import-options parameters*
   This is a space or comma delimited string that gives options for importing
   keys. Options can be prepended with a `no-' to give the opposite meaning.
   The options are:
   import-local-sigs
     Allow importing key signatures marked as "local". This is not generally
     useful unless a shared keyring scheme is being used. Defaults to no.
   repair-pks-subkey-bug
     During import, attempt to repair the damage caused by the PKS keyserver
     bug (pre v. 0.9.6) that mangles keys with multiple subkeys. Note that
     this cannot completely repair the damaged key as some crucial data is
     removed by the keyserver, but it does at least give you back one subkey.
     Defaults to no for regular --import and to yes for keyserver --recv-keys.
   merge-only
     During import, allow key updates to existing keys, but do not allow any
     new keys to be imported. Defaults to no.
   import-clean
     After import, compact (remove all signatures except the self-signature)
     any user IDs from the new key that are not usable. Then, remove any
     signatures from the new key that are not usable. This includes signatures
     that were issued by keys that are not present on the keyring. This option
     is the same as running the --edit-key command "clean" after import.
     Defaults to no.
   import-minimal
     Import the smallest key possible. This removes all signatures except the
     most recent self-signature on each user ID. This option is the same as
     running the --edit-key command "minimize" after import. Defaults to no.
*--export-options parameters*
   This is a space or comma delimited string that gives options for exporting
   keys. Options can be prepended with a `no-' to give the opposite meaning.
   The options are:
   export-local-sigs
     Allow exporting key signatures marked as "local". This is not generally
     useful unless a shared keyring scheme is being used. Defaults to no.
   export-attributes
     Include attribute user IDs (photo IDs) while exporting. This is useful to
     export keys if they are going to be used by an OpenPGP program that does
     not accept attribute user IDs. Defaults to yes.
   export-sensitive-revkeys
     Include designated revoker information that was marked as "sensitive".
     Defaults to no.
   export-reset-subkey-passwd
     When using the --export-secret-subkeys command, this option resets the
     passphrases for all exported subkeys to empty. This is useful when the
     exported subkey is to be used on an unattended machine where a passphrase
     doesn't necessarily make sense. Defaults to no.
   export-clean
     Compact (remove all signatures from) user IDs on the key being exported
     if the user IDs are not usable. Also, do not export any signatures that
     are not usable. This includes signatures that were issued by keys that
     are not present on the keyring. This option is the same as running the
     --edit-key command "clean" before export except that the local copy of
     the key is not modified. Defaults to no.
   export-minimal
     Export the smallest key possible. This removes all signatures except the
     most recent self-signature on each user ID. This option is the same as
     running the --edit-key command "minimize" before export except that the
     local copy of the key is not modified. Defaults to no.
