
@_date: 2014-04-10 03:04:48
@_author: p.h.delgado@xoxy.net 
@_subject: It's 2014. Are we there yet? 
This was put together some time ago for a group of individuals
with a specific use-case. This might not be generally
applicable: it requires a fair bit of understanding of
the fundamentals and it is operated in "command-line-mode".
However, IMHO, it points those intent on implementing
in the right direction: ditching the whole WebOfTrust
and key co-signing infrastructure in favour of simple,
out-of-channel public key ownership verification.
Comments are welcome.

@_date: 2014-04-11 08:37:10
@_author: p.h.delgado@xoxy.net 
@_subject: GPG and BCC 
This article is quite misleading.
Encryption process knows nothing about the "bcc" functionality of the
e-mail system (or, indeed, any system) used to transport the generated
cipher-text. Cipher-text does, under normal MO, include the
identification of the keys of all the recipients when the message
is "encrypted for multiple recipients". While this can be circumvented, such practice introduces additional burden and fragility on the recipients and the transport system has no way of knowing it.
In short, GPG encrypted messages should never be encrypted to
multiple recipients if it is undesirable that they are able
to learn the identity of all the recipients. From that, every
recipient can learn public key and thus of the identity of all
the co-recipients. This would be the case no matter what is the
transportation system used to distribute the cipher-text. From
the e-mail system point of view, it would be the same as sending
a message to a list of bcc addresses but include the list of those
addresses in the body of the message itself.

@_date: 2014-04-23 08:08:52
@_author: p.h.delgado@xoxy.net 
@_subject: UI terminology for calculated validities 
I agree, but I believe the statement should be more
specific, i.e.,: ...Web-of-Trust is by its nature difficult...
If I can propose a "we do agree" statement, it would be
the following:
*We do agree that the WoT is the principal obstacle to a
wider adoption of GnuPG.*
(What we might or might not agree on is whether GPG without
the WoT is still GPG: an indispensable communication
security tool, one of the best around)
If the complex structure of the beast is not reasonably
well understood by the user, it is of little value to
the novice. There is nothing that the user interface
skin can cover it with, that can, IMHO, change that fact.
Struggling with the physiology consisting of large number
of arcane rules, with no understanding of the full anatomy
of the underlying system is a path to endless frustration
and a source of frequent critical usage errors.
There are two kinds of circumstances where new users are
motivated to use the tool: communication with parties
that the user has had prior familiarity with, and those
where the first and only contact is via GPG generated
New users that belong to the first kind above should be
given an option of completely ditching the whole WoT
superstructure in favour of the independent procurement
of the key fingerprint, and should be explained how to go
about the key verification using the trusted fingerprint,
and provided with the UI devices that make this as simple
as possible. No WoT functionality whatsoever should be
exposed to the user.
I strongly believe that a wast majority of present and
prospective GPG users with the "real world" threat model
would be well served by this approach.

@_date: 2014-05-19 14:56:18
@_author: p.h.delgado@xoxy.net 
@_subject: GPG's vulnerability to quantum cryptography 
You are right, but, in my opinion, for the wrong reasons.
I agree with the poster above who is quite skeptical about the quantum
computing. I do however believe that factoring a product of two large
prime numbers might either be the subject of a sudden mathematical
breakthrough, or that the solution is already known to my
adversaries but this fact has been kept secret. While this view
might be somewhat extreme, it is much more realistic than doubt in
the security of any modern, well researched symmetric block cipher.
Public key cryptography has it's place, but anybody that is
in a position to exchange via a secure method a symmetric crypto
key, is well advised to avoid public key cryptography. After all,
GPG is nothing but a method to exchange a symmetric key for those
that lack the opportunity to do so via an alternative, more secure
method. Looking at the crypto primitives as the links in a
chain that breaks when the weakest link breaks, asymmetric/symmetric
hybrids (such as GPG) have three links: public key algorithm,
random number generator and private key algorithm. In contrast,
symmetric key only systems avoids first two of those potentially
weak links altogether.
