
@_date: 2005-08-06 01:41:31
@_author: Patrick Dickey 
@_subject: Proof of email ownership 
Hash: SHA1
The understanding I have is that you have to establish trusts with
people.  All the keyserver does is shows that someone using your
e-mail address signed the message.  The individual who receives the
e-mail has to establish trust for the key.  They do that either by
contacting you via another method for confirmation, or meeting you at
a 'keysigning' where you establish a face to face with other people.
I'm relatively new to all of this myself, but I'm pretty sure I read
that in the gnupg.org website.  That would be your best source of
information, short of other more experienced people replying here.
Patrick Dickey.

@_date: 2005-08-09 22:31:31
@_author: Patrick Dickey 
@_subject: Order in which to remove a key... 
Hash: SHA1
Hi there everyone,
   It seems I got into an issue with the key for this account.  I've
signed this e-mail, and you'll probably notice it's a bad key.  So, I
want to remove it, and create a new one.  My question is this.  Do I
revoke it first, then delete it?  And, can I do this through the
keymanager in Enigmail, or do I need to use the cmd-line?
    Also, if anyone knows how to actually fix this issue (so I don't
have to remove/recreate) the key, that would be greatly appreciated.
I think what happened (for future reference) is that I had the
password memorized for 120 minutes of idle time.  Then, I decided to
upload my other keys to keyservers (I haven't had a chance to see if
they are bad or not).  So, it tried to put this password in, and
failed.  So, I retried with the correct password, and checked the box
again on the last one.  Then I tried to send an e-mail with this key,
and that's when it started being a "Bad Signature".
    Thanks in advance for any information.
Patrick Dickey.

@_date: 2005-08-11 13:35:42
@_author: Patrick Dickey 
@_subject: [outlgpg] Outlook 2003 problems 
I believe also (and it's been a while since I've seen the crash report)
when you get the message, there is a link to show the details of the
message.  What he can possibly do there is click inside of the details
box, and select everything in there.  Then hit CTRL-V (Copy) and then
Paste it to either a post here, or notepad.  That should get everything
that you need, since I believe also that part of the details are the Dr.
Watson report.

@_date: 2005-07-30 07:58:59
@_author: Patrick Dickey 
@_subject: I have the public key, but not the private... 
Hash: SHA1
While I can't help you with this problem, I can possibly give you a
suggestion for the future.  I use a program called PW Safe by
PassWare.  It's basically a password management program, but it's
encrypted.  What I do is, I create an entry for GNU-PG and put in the
username in it's space, and generate a password using it's built in
Generator.  Then, when I go to create the key, I type the generated
password in for the key.
Now, when I do a backup of everything, and restore my keys, I have the
passwords saved.  Or, if I import them from a keyserver (which I'm
assuming you are trying to do), I have the passwords also.  If you
want to, in the notes section in PW Safe, you can put your private
key.  That way, you have it as well.  (it could be listed in the
'username' field, if you want).
You can find PW Safe at Hopefully this helps you out.
Patrick Dickey.

@_date: 2005-07-30 08:30:14
@_author: Patrick Dickey 
@_subject: [outlgpg] Questions on installing and using with Outlook 2003. 
Hash: SHA1
Hi there,
    First of all, has anyone successfully installed this and used it
with Outlook 2003?  I downloaded the file, and unzipped everything.  I
put the gpgexch.dll file in one folder, and the libgpgmedlgs.dll file
into the Windows\system32 directory.  When I tried to do regsvr, I had
to move the gpgexch.dll file to the Windows\System32 folder also.
Now, I have the tabs in Outlook, but it doesn't work as expected...
    My questions are these...   1)  When I did the regsvr, should I
have did regsvr32.exe "C:\Program Files\Microsoft\Outlook" (where I
originally put the gpgexch.dll file), or was I correct in moving the
file to C:\Windows\System32?
2)  How do I configure Outlook to use the gpg program?  I have my GPG
keys and the binaries in "C:\Program Files\GNU\GnuPG\"  but, I'm not
sure what program is the key-manager one.  I have gpg.exe for that,
and when I run the keymanager, I get a cmd box that says "gpg-- Go
ahead and type your message."  Also, I don't have any new buttons in
my mail message composition box.
3)  Is there any documentation out there specifically for Microsoft
Outlook?  If not, would there be an interest in having some created?
If/when I find out the answers to my problems, I can create a .rtf
file or htm file that walks you through it, if the interest is there.
Thanks in advance for any help on this.
Patrick Dickey

@_date: 2005-07-30 18:47:29
@_author: Patrick Dickey 
@_subject: [outlgpg] Questions on installing and using with Outlook 2003. 
Hash: SHA1
To answer your questions....
I was mistaken when I said I had to copy it into the folder.  When I
ran Regsvr32, I got  Load Module failed, can't find the module.  But,
it was because I wasn't using quotes around the Path.  I should have
known better.. :S
As for what "I have the tabs in Outlook, but they don't work as
expected means", I tried to explain that afterwards.  I have the tab
in my Preferences, but I wasn't exactly sure what to put in there.
Originally, I had the "Always sign with the default key" option
checked, but since I didn't know what to put, I put a pathname to a
file in.  Looking back, I'm assuming it means an actual key.  Also the
message I get in the cmd box when I try running Keymanager (which you
explained later on).
When you click on the Advanced button in the GnuPG tab (Preferences in
Outlook), and specify the binaries, you want to put "C:\Program
Files\GNU\GnuPG\gpg.exe" for the Path to Binaries, "C:\Program
Files\GNU\GnuPG\" for the path to home directory (since that's where
my trustdb.gpg file is located) and "C:\winpt\winpt.exe --keymanager"
for the path to keymanager?
Thanks for your help on this. It's greatly appreciated.
Patrick Dickey.

@_date: 2005-11-24 02:25:41
@_author: Patrick Dickey 
@_subject: How to unsubscribe? 
Hey everyone,
    This sounds like a stupid subject, I'm sure.  But, I've found that
I'm not keeping up with the posts in here as I used to.  And the issues
that I was having with the programs are resolved.  So, I've been trying
to unsubscribe from the list.  However, every e-mail that I send to the
listsrv either gets bounced back, or just doesn't trigger anything.       So, it would be appreciated if someone would give me the correct
e-mail address and subject line to unsubscribe.  Thanks everyone.

@_date: 2005-09-04 12:50:43
@_author: Patrick Dickey 
@_subject: Transparent keyboards 
I don't know of any transparent keyboards off-hand (I can check our
local computer store tomorrow, since they have one there).  But, I will
say this.  There is a keylogger out that goes between the keyboard plug
and the case.  So, unless you are able to see through the back of the
case, or are so paranoid that you turn the case all different directions
before you turn it on, you'll never see it.
However, I would have to ask you where are you located that you worry so
much?  If you're in a corporation, then I'm pretty sure that your
company has policies about the use of keyloggers.  If you're in a
library, then I agree with the others when they say a keylogger that is
implanted in a keyboard is the least of your worries (plus, I think the
library will have serious concerns about you bringing your own keyboard
in) (This also applies for schools and colleges).  And, if you're at
home, and can't even trust your own family, then anything
computer-related is the least of your concerns.  I'd be more inclined to
be looking up a good psychologist rather then a transparent keyboard.
