
@_date: 2003-12-03 11:38:04
@_author: Oertel, Paul 
@_subject: GPG Recipients List 
I want to make a group of recipients. The manual indicates that I can do do
this using the --group option but it doesn't give any examples or explain
how to do it. When I try to follow the manual it looks something like this.
C:\GnuPG>gpg --group "mylist=Paul"
gpg: Go ahead and type your message ...
I read the FAQ and it indicates that I have to also give it a command as
well but I don't see any information on what command to give it. When I run
the above command gpg seems to enter an interactive mode which I can find
information for. If someone could point me in the right direction or give me
some advice I would appreciate it.

@_date: 2003-12-04 11:46:00
@_author: Oertel, Paul 
@_subject: GPG Recipients List 
I have nothing against registering it on a key server. I just haven't gotten
around to doing it. I'm not really sure if I can reach the key server
through our firewall. Is there a web interface that I can use?
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, December 04, 2003 01:55 AM
I am just interested. why is your key not available on a keyserver?
Is there something against publishing it on a server?

@_date: 2003-12-04 11:46:04
@_author: Oertel, Paul 
@_subject: GPG Recipients List 
Thank you for your advice. I read about the differences between options and
commands in the documentation but I didn't see anything to indicate that
some options were not very useful when invoked from the command line.
Perhaps I overlooked that part. If not, the docs should be updated. I could
not find any information on what to do when gpg enters the interactive mode
(i.e. when the "Go ahead and type your message ..." message comes up). Is
this something I overlooked or is it an undocumented feature?
I was able to configure a group in my gpg.conf file but the syntax is
slightly different. I had to drop the dashes to look like this
group mylist=Peter Paul Mary
instead of
--group mylist=Peter Paul Mary
I'm assuming that when options are used in the conf file they drop the
Thanks for your help.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, December 04, 2003 12:10 AM
GnuPG splits its command-line arguments up into options and commands. Any option can also be specified in your config file, ~/.gnupg/gpg.conf,
which will cause it to be in effect for every gpg command you run.  As a
result of this, the documentation lists a lot of command-line switches
that are of little use on the command line, but useful as part of your
config file.  The "group" option is one of these.
If you specify a group on the command line, that group only exists for
the lifetime of the command that you are running (and is therefore nigh
useless).  If you specify a group in the config file, that group will
exist to gpg whenever you run it, allowing you to specify it as a
recipient of encrypted messages (-r groupname).
It looks like you're expecting the --group command-line option to create
a group which persists for longer than the lifetime of the gpg process
you gave it to.  That's not how configuration works in GnuPG.  Any
change that you want to make to the behavior of all subsequent gpg
processes must be made in the config file.
