
@_date: 2003-12-01 17:48:05
@_author: Paul E Condon 
@_subject: How to use a revocation certificate? 
I'm just getting started in using GPG. I've generated a key-pair,
and generated a revocation certificate per the HOWTO, but ...
I realize I do not know how to *use* this revocation certificate if
the need should ever arise. How do I do this? I see one reference
to "publish the revocation certificate", but how do I do this?
For such an important action, which will surely be done in a time
of stress, I would like to write myself a note on just what I should
do. In this case I hope a printout of the reply to this question,
pinned to my bulletin board will do.

@_date: 2003-12-02 16:49:33
@_author: Paul E Condon 
@_subject: How do I check a copy of my public key? 
I'm just getting started at crypto. I've read various
HOWTOs and guides. I think I can follow the directions
accurately, but I have my doubts as to my skill at
doing things correctly. So, I would like to know about
diagnostic tests. When I do --send-keys, how can I check that the updated key information is, in fact,
available from the keyserver? Or, that after a day or
so, it is available from some other keyserver?
Maybe it is trivial to do this, but it seems to me
that I don't have a way to distinguish informatio
that is available to me on my computer from information
that is available on the web.
Thanks for any help.

@_date: 2003-12-02 17:41:04
@_author: Paul E Condon 
@_subject: How do I check a copy of my public key? 
But, my understanding is that --recv-key  will *merge* any *new*
information from the keyserver into the *existing* record on my keychain,
and, I already know that the new information is on my keychain. I want to
check that the new information, which I just sent, was successfully
received. I can use --list-keys to check my own key chains. Thats not
my question. Or is the information from the keyserver always assumed to be authoritative,
and overwrites any conflicting information on the local key chain? I doubt
that that is a good thing to do, but I am a newbie at this.

@_date: 2003-12-02 18:10:47
@_author: Paul E Condon 
@_subject: How do I check a copy of my public key? [solved] 
This works fine! I didn't know web interfaces for keyservers
existed. Now I do.

@_date: 2003-12-19 23:53:48
@_author: Paul E Condon 
@_subject: trust problem 
Content-Description: signed data
I'm a new user of gpg. I have a question that goes somewhat beyond what is
nicely explained above. (Thanks, Adrian.)
Has any consideration been given to assigning a numeric value to trust?
I imagine having a trust value between 0 (no trust) and 1 (absolute trust).
In a chain of signed keys, the trust of the keys along the chain would be
the product of the trust values of the keys to the left in the diagram. Of course, one doesn't have hard information about blake's trust of alex,
or alex's trust of simon, but casting the problem in terms of numeric
trust values would indicate a direction to work at improving the current
gpg system, if of course, there is a consensus that numeric trust values
make any sense at all. One thing that is clear from such a view is that all realistic trust
is of someone else is less than 1., so a chain of trust if extended
long enough must eventually result in a trust value at the end of the
chain that is less than some pre-selected value.
To make this useful, there might have to be some sort of public database
of the average level of trust of the community in the signings of keys
by individuals. I see nasty social problems with such a database, but
still, making trust be more numeric might have some advantages.
Has this been talked about before? What is crazy about this?

@_date: 2003-12-21 03:31:58
@_author: Paul E Condon 
@_subject: trust problem 
Content-Description: signed data
My model of numeric trust was just an example of something more rational than
the gpg innumerate model. It did not even include the handling of two alternative
paths from P1 to P4. The cross linking of these paths is an extra flourish of
complexity. I will look for the Prof.'s publications. Thanks.
I think a well thought out trust model is better than a dumbed-down model.
At least, the dummy user should be made aware that a more complex model is
available (that is, of course, if the Prof. can convince smart people that
the more complex model is actually better, and not just more complex)
Yes, trust is a very personal thing. But, like the rational man who is so
important in economic theory, a rational trust manager who can distance himself from his animal spirits might be a useful concept in the theory of
trust management. I think a public database of trust values would present great social difficulties. Not only is trust very personal, but it is doubtful that
a person who harbors some feelings of distrust towards another person would be candid in publishing those feelings.

@_date: 2003-12-31 00:51:42
@_author: Paul E Condon 
@_subject: trust problem 
My words that you quote were in response to a post in which the writer
(Adrian von Bidder) objected to something which I suggested as being
too complicated for most users. I took his words to mean that this
objection was his only significant objection to my earlier post. He
pointed me to some papers by Prof. Ueli Maurer, who had worked out a
more complex model in a paper entitled "Modeling a Public Key
Infrastructure". I've learned from that paper that there are, indeed,
some more complex models. In fact, there seem to be a variety of them.
Is this Prof. Maurer the same person to whom you refer? I get the impression
from the paper that he thinks there is more missing from PGP than cycles. He calls them, in good academic fashion, something like 'directions for future
research'. My original remarks should be understood as the comments of a student who is
learning. "Wouldn't it be better if ...? " I would like to read a discussion
of the design tradeoffs that went into the GPG model, some discussion of why some things are left out (e.g. cycles) and why such omissions are acceptable.
I must say that models based on the existence of a Certificate Authority do
not impress me much. I think of how people using such a system would have
faired during the time of Hitler and Stalin. My favorite bumper sticker is
"Question Authority" .

@_date: 2004-01-23 20:06:26
@_author: Paul E Condon 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: debianuser@brown.edu] 
This is a tiny post, done specifically to help test the
