
@_date: 2014-07-28 00:51:13
@_author: pedro.markov@ml1.net 
@_subject: CRC error 
I'm a new user to the GPG world, and i haven't find information
about the "CRC" error when importing a key.
What does CRC means?
When importing a corrupted key the following message apears:
gpg: CRC error; 9BAD9F - 00F1D7
gpg: read_block: read error: invalid keyring
gpg: import from `key' failed: invalid keyring
gpg: Total number processed: 0
I would like to know what does 9BAD9F - 00F1D7 means. Is is
possible to fix a corrupted key?
Is is possible to know wich line of a corrupted key is wrong?

@_date: 2014-07-28 19:53:45
@_author: pedro.markov@ml1.net 
@_subject: CRC error 
Thanks for the answers about the CRC error, i found what i needed, but it
took me now to other questions. Actually i got the CRC error when i some strings of a public key and then i tried to import it.
I told to my self that it would be interesting as securing method to sign
stuff with a private key "with out having the public key". this would mean that only
the person who has public key would have access to the data with out a password.
(and the person with the private key too i think, it would be great if only the person
with the public key can decrypt the data, maybe there is one option, i'll check for that.)
So why i was asking about the CRC error?
Well, i was thinking that storing such Public key would be insecure. but a modified public key would be good. If the CRC error doesn't indicates there problem is, only the person who knows how to re-build the public key
would have access to the data.
To become this method secure,the public key should not be stored in the key
ring so people can not export it ( in case the computer get compromised )
when i was testing this method, i removed the keys from my keyring, and then
i imported only the secret key. For my surprise there was also the public key.
Is there anyway to only import the secret key?
Thanks again,
Pedro markov

@_date: 2014-07-28 22:08:58
@_author: pedro.markov@ml1.net 
@_subject: CRC error 
Using this method there is no "password required", it is only need to know how to rebuild the public key. So you can safely store
a "damaged public key"  on your computer/web server/ whatever  and if some one steal it he won't be able to get your information.
I find this very attractive, because i could damage the key and still remember how to fix it many years after, But it is by sure that
i wont remember an unic password 5 or 10 years after. ( maybe other people can )
This one was funny, actually it was a rhetorical question, and the explanation was the following text.
(My English is not pretty good and my syntax is not American...)
Thanks, this information was really useful. I can still making a super complicated password and store the damaged public key. If some day i forget the password I'll be able to rebuild the public key!

@_date: 2014-07-28 23:35:19
@_author: pedro.markov@ml1.net 
@_subject: CRC error 
You lost me with the "emails" stuff. ( i don't know what do they have to do
in this topic)
What I'm saying it is pretty easy, I'm bad with passwords, so i rather
damage the key than remember a password.
After the answers that people gave me, i improved so much my
method, so this is a step by step.
1) Create keypair, and give some hint in the comment,
so you don't forget it for exmple "what was your first girlfriends name?" or some silly
question. (This is just for extra protection. You could even write the real password on the comment
but be aware that this will be public on your public key)
2) Export the public and secure key.
3) Remove the keys from keyring, and re-import the public key.
4) Damage my private key.  (Ex: inverse X and X line, Replace X and X characters, etc.)
5) Encrypt everything that you have to encrypt with the public key, you can even make it "Public".
With this method, the day that you try to decrypt your data you wont need to remember a password.
Also, if some Mallory gets in to your computer/server/whatever even if he gets a copy of your private key he won't
be able to load it and try to use Brute force on it. He will need to repair the key before ( and good luck for that )
Note. I think that for extra security i will generate the keys in a usb stick that i'll overwrite
with zeros after corrupting the private key. This will prevent some smart mallory from using
software as testdisk to recover deleted data.
Pedro Markov,
or not?~
