
@_date: 2007-05-16 21:20:18
@_author: Peter Todd 
@_subject: Printing Keys and using OCR. 
Hmm... While this certainely depends on trusting symetrical encryption,
why not simply symetrically encrypt the secret key with a long, say 30,
digit randomly chosen passphrase and be done with it? Then only that
passphrase needs to be securely stored and the secret key can be stored
with standard backup procedures.
Of course, this is really identical to a secret key with a good
passphrase... Which is why I have no qualms about having my secret keys
stored along side my standard backups given that my passphrases are all
15 characters long randomly generated upper/lower/number/symbols...

@_date: 2007-05-17 02:48:13
@_author: Peter Todd 
@_subject: Printing Keys and using OCR. 
Yes, but my point is that a private key is used in association with
data. So we can simply store the encrypted private key along with the
data it is supposed to be used with and store on paper nothing but a
relatively short (compared to the whole private key) passphrase.
Having the private key stored better than the data it is to be used with
is pointless. If the data is gone, generally the key isn't very usefull
Of course this is assuming the symetric encryption is sufficiently
secure... Also note that a key used for *signing* rather than encryption
poses problems, but even then if you have enough faith in the symetrical
encryption, and why not, then I see nothing wrong with distributing the
private key alongside the data it is signing.

@_date: 2007-05-24 13:43:13
@_author: Peter Todd 
@_subject: easy way to confirm email validity 
A big problem with the idea is what your telling your recipients, IE
that by going to a completely untrusted site you can somehow trust an
email. I suspect that a recipient with enough technical know how to
properly use such a verifier, IE type in the url themselves and make
sure the site is ssl encrypted with a trusted certificate, wouldn't find
it that much harder to simply install PGP software.
For instance the page you mentioned is vulnerable to dns poisoning
attacks as it's not SSL encrypted. Theoretical? Sure, but forged email
messages aren't all that much less theoretical if your recipients know
how to look at headers.

@_date: 2007-05-24 14:54:57
@_author: Peter Todd 
@_subject: easy way to confirm email validity 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
And when you think about it, if the user has to go to your site to
validate the email, why not just put the message on your site in the
first place?
That's it.
As an example this email, signed by me, is using an inline PGP
signature. The *only* thing included in the hash is what is between the
START and END bits, that's it, no headers no nothing. I'm not positive,
but I belive the MIME based PGP is pretty similar. Of course, this means
that you can fake the headers without invalidating the signature...
Of course, it's also why it's so trivial to handle, just feed the
message to gpg --verify and check the result. Trivial.

@_date: 2007-05-27 03:12:59
@_author: Peter Todd 
@_subject: easy way to confirm email validity 
Depends. I have a little system setup on my email that allows me to
create a specially formatted email that will trigger a procmail script
that appends the email to a file. In my case I rely completely on
security by obscurity, if the email is formatted correctly, anyone can
append to that file.
But suppose I considered it important for only me to be able to trigger
that script. So I decide to reply on digital signatures. A naive setup,
that simply appended anything that verified correctly, could allow the
attacker to easilly disrupt the setup with tonnes of bogus messages. A
basic replay attack.
And besides, confusing a novice is the source of the highly disrupting
worms and trojans that are allowing spammers to operate so freely...
