
@_date: 2012-08-01 09:37:35
@_author: peter.segment@wronghead.com 
@_subject: trampCrypt family of CLI programs 
Alice doesn't understand what a certificate is and hasn't got the
time necessary to do so. More importantly, she hasn't got a Thunderbird+Enigmail installation and has no intention of getting
one (or anything else that needs to "be installed") on each and
every computer on which she performs the tasks requiring the
software tool we are searching for here. Alice wants to plug a
USB stick into a computer, *any computer*, and start a CLI program
with something like:
trampEncrypt -myKey=xyz.bin -key=bob.bin cleartext.file ciphertext.file
trampDecrypt -myKey=xyz.bin ciphertext.file cleartext.file
In either case, the program will ask for the pass-phrase to decrypt
xyz.bin, and, in case of encryption, some entropy key-presses.
(The third program, trampKeygen, will be executed only in controlled
(Add a -text flag for trampEncrypt to pre-compress plaintext and
produce base64 encoded ciphertext and vise versa for trampDecrypt
and that pretty well completes the functional specs.)
 > In order to communicate securely with someone outside the organization, she calls up the certificate authority...
The hypothetical benefit of secure communication with the "general
public", i.e., non-members of the group is not considered here.
There is no benefit of key file internal structure conformance to
pgp/gpg or end-user algorithm choice.
 > You must have physical control over the hardware for GnuPG to be used
 > safely.  "Drive-by" machines have uncomfortably high malware infection
 > rates.  Don't use GnuPG except on machines that you physically control
 > and are confident are free of malware.
Assume, please, that the requirement to use the software on multiple
ad-hoc computers is quite "hard". I won't get into what these may or may not be here; but it has been determined that in this case the risk
is quite low, while the operational flexibility is invaluable.
Perhaps as an aside...: I have no doubt whatsoever that the total
population of MS Windows computers owned and operated as his or her
"trusted machine" by an average gpg user has a much, much greater
malware infection rate than ad-hoc computers to be used by the
members of this group. Yet somehow, malware is not considered a
problem worth addressing by gpg architects and use experts - as it
indeed shouldn't be. However, it is invariably used to quickly
trump any requests for a "gpg-portable" variant. Why is that so?
Much as I appreciate all comments provided, I can't help but
observe that those offered so far mostly debate the wisdom of the
requirements and not speculating on the best way to satisfy them.
For instance, what is the feasibility of "scissoring out" just the required functionality from the gpg code base and then wrap it into
three CLI programs (trampKeygen, trampEncrypt, trampDecrypt)?
(trampSign and trampVerify could be added if there is ever any
need for signing identified by this - or some other group of
trumpCrypt family of CLI programs).
Is there perhaps a previous version (pre-"agent", specifically) that
would be a better candidate for such an endevour? Are there any
security implications that one should watch out for in earlier
versions of crypto primitives in gpg code base?
Peter M.

@_date: 2012-08-02 00:18:14
@_author: peter.segment@wronghead.com 
@_subject: gpg "simplified"? 
(repatriating to the thread)
 > Useful reference, thank you. It would follow from there
that (as I suspected) gpg 1.4.12 code base is the best
candidate for the fork.
Of course. (well, not me personally - I'm just one among
a number of individuals this group of users has asked to
comment on the various ways of going about constructing the
programs with the desired functionality).
Unlike gpg, which is a piece of "for-public" software that
must be capable of resisting all kinds of different threats,
because it is almost universally deployed with no prior
user-specific threat analysis, the hypothetical "trampCrypt"
(my term) suite we are discussing here is intended for a group
that has performed a very thorough, *group operation specific*
threat analysis. One of the most important results of this is
that it has been determined there is absolutely no threat of
"recipient impersonation", and that, potentially, provides
for much leaner code and much simpler operation (when compared
with the "for-public" gpg). One of the less important results
was that malware was found not to be a significant threat,
which is why I'll ignore the subject of malware from now on,
and would like to politely ask others to do the same.
Peter M.

@_date: 2012-08-02 07:49:22
@_author: peter.segment@wronghead.com 
@_subject: learning curve like Monte Cervino 
> By itself, GnuPG is useless. [...and more, much more, on steep
learning curves and cargo-cult security].
I happen to agree with most of what was writetn in your lengthy
expose. But you omit one important problem: the program like
gpg is deployed, 99% of the time, with no user specific threat
analysis. This means that it must answer all conceivable threats,
which in turn makes it so hard to use that it's adoption rate
is, well, what it is.
You are very rigorous in your views on the subject. Consequently
(at least as I read your text) you reject the most damaging canon
of the contemporary "computer security industry", the one that
demands no knowledge, no conceptual understanding and no discipline
on the part of the end user - it all has to be solved for him by
the software. For this I applaud you.
However, I would add one more thing as necessary for successful
use of any security software: *user-specific threat analysis*.
Without it, gpg - or any other piece of software - is indeed not
much different from that plane mock-up in New Guinea. If such
threat analysis was done more frequently than appears to be the
case, perhaps we would end up with specific tools, ones that do not
attempt to cover all conceivable threats but address only threats
specific to some segment of user population. What they would
loose in the width of applicability they would gain in simplicity
in code and simplicity in use - both extremely desirable security
software characteristics.
This was precisely the process that led to my post that this
discussion is an offshoot of. In other words, users from that
original thread certainly didn't "have a great idea that will
allow people to keep secure against dedicated, serious adversaries
while requiring very little training or knowledge on the part of
the user". They have performed a very thorough threat analysis
of *their circumstances*, and are looking for either an existing
software or possibility of constructing a new one, that would be
best suited to *their threat model*.
Peter M.

@_date: 2012-08-22 18:59:43
@_author: peter.segment@wronghead.com 
@_subject: gpg "simplified"? 
Thank you for your comprehensive comments,
FWIW, this is not our assumption. Alice is far from a "computer
illiterate" and such simple CLI interaction is for her a trivial
GPG is on the other hand so tightly integrated with WOT that no matter what, it is unavoidable that any user will sooner or later stumble
upon some of WOT anatomy or physiology minutia, and that will have
at least one of two rather detrimental consequences:
a) with insufficient knowledge of the WOT model, Alice will take
a "wrong turn" and therefore impact the overall security of the group;
b) Forced to deal with things she doesn't fully understand, Alice will
lose the confidence in the security the system provides.
The second point is worth elaborating upon. Somewhere else you say:
 > Allice doesn't need to know what it does...
 > Then the end user will never have to bother about what is a WoT. GPG
 > and the group manager will handle that part. End user just need
 > updated public keyring.
This thinking pretty well follows the contemporary computer security
dogma: the user need not understand any of the underlaying concepts,
the user just has to trust whoever has designed and implemented
the system.
In our case, that is simply wrong. Alice is no fool, Alice is (probably)
a medical or technical professional, Alice is reaing the papers, Alice
knows that computer security is full of holes, and unless she, herself,
has a reasonable knowledge of the system upon which ~her~ security
depends, if in doubt, she will respectfully decline to participate in
the activities of the group this system is supposed to serve. What she
doesn't understand *is a liability*. Not all liabilities can be avoided,
but they certainly must be minimized. It's not to say that Alice must
be proficient in the design of crypto algorithms, but she ~must~
understand and have the confidence in data formats and the protocols.
Alice (in the most common usage scenario) carries with her a USB stick
that has no file on it that, unless it is broken cryptographically, is
anything other than a stream of random bytes. The three (or a single)
programs that we are considering here are either downloaded from a
public web site and jettison after the use, or are on a CD that is not
in her possession when she is in any danger of being confronted by an Peter M.

@_date: 2012-08-24 12:24:31
@_author: peter.segment@wronghead.com 
@_subject: what is killing PKI? 
I propose to you (and to the people who are putting all that hard work
into gpg) that there are actually two "things killing PKI":
1) Very, very few people are motivated to protect their communication
by encrypting it, and at the same time advertise that motivation
urbi et orbi  by participating in the PKI/WOT.
2) Very, very few people have a need to encrypt the communication
to someone they have not been in contact with in "real life" (where
the public key fingerprint can be verified in person. Remember how
Phil Zimmermann suggested printing the public key fingerprint
on your business card? I used to do just that. For my public
key, available on my personal, controlled-access web-page.
Long time ago. Before the Good Lord invented key-servers, serving
my email address and my identity to whoever happens to trot by :)
PKI/WOT solves a minuscule problem (verifyng the key of someone you
have not met before but have a need to communicate with in secret)
at a humongous cost of software complexity and need for user
comprehension completely beyond the motivation and the ability of
"the other 99%" you mention.
Peter M.

@_date: 2012-08-24 12:42:08
@_author: peter.segment@wronghead.com 
@_subject: on running C-Z/SUV without a "group manager" 
your comments are appreciated.
This group's (C-Z/SUV) thinking on the role of a "group manager"
has evolved. I believe for the better.
This group's view is now that a single point of failure (such as a
"group manager" - who probably either does (or easily can, if she
so desires) know (or guess) the identity of ~all~ of the group members
is to be avoided if at all possible. I'm suggesting (to them and to you)
that it is indeed possible to construct both a piece of software - which
is what we are discussing here - and the security protocols that would
enable 100% peer-to-peer MO.
Please allow me to make this important point (again!): *these are not
"unsecured computers"*. These are, without a trace of doubt, more secure
computers than a typical Internet-connected MS Windows computer, and
(oddly!) I don't ever remember on gpg user list any warning about using
gpg on those. These are simply computers on which, for various reasons,
no permanently installed software exists.
Just for the record: nobody in this group is in any danger of being
tortured (or worse). Nobody is likely to be even mistreated for the
mere possession of some USB stick with unreadable content - as long as
the content, in combination with other known facts about her does not
connect Alice with Crypto-Zoological Society of Upper Volta. On the
other hand, when her connection to the C-Z/SUV is established
(or possibly just suspected) by her employer, Alice will very likely
end up unloading grocery trucks at her local supermarket for the next
ten years of her productive life instead of whatever she happens to be
doing today. (You'd be surprised by the power of industry associations
and self-regulating professions. But they don't use bamboo needles - at
least not where Alice is practicing :)
Peter M.

@_date: 2012-08-25 06:54:17
@_author: peter.segment@wronghead.com 
@_subject: Why "trouble"? 
Why "trouble"?
There's a leitmotif in all those (mostly hopelessly out-dated!) papers,
and indeed in a number of postings here, that laments the fact that
only a minuscule fraction of e-mail communication is encrypted. There
seems to be some desire to convince people who (as you say) "don't feel
the need to protect their privacy" to reconsider. Somewhere above,
someone even said something as silly as "convincing people that PKI
adds benefit to their lives".
I personally don't share the motivation; especially so when this
"convincing" begins to border on proselytizing.
People either feel a need to protect their privacy or they do not, and
in either case, I fail to see why anyone feels the need to change their
minds. (The only exception I can think of would be a corporation
striving to increase the number of potential customers and thus the
profit - but that can't be the case with GPG, can it?). Surely, the
phenomena such as Facebook clearly tells us precisely how the wast
majority of the population feels about their privacy and how fruitless
this desire to change people's minds about it will turn out to be?
In the use-case we are discussing here, there is no convincing
to be done at all, we are trying to help a group of people who already
put much higher value on their privacy than the average GPG user, and
who are attempting to either find or to construct the tool best suited
for their needs. The problem, it seems to me, is that in this case the
privacy requirements include some elements of anonymity, and that the
"stock GPG", which leaves a lot of potentially damaging meta-data
"in the clear" and with the heavy integration of PKI/WOT makes it
somewhat of a mis-match.
Peter M.

@_date: 2012-08-26 07:30:57
@_author: peter.segment@wronghead.com 
@_subject: if you have something to hide, please step aside...? 
> sends or receives an encrypted message, the mere
This was never in any dispute, as indeed I believe it to be the
case for a vast majority of GPG users: they use it to demonstrate
an important principle, and not because they "have something to
I applaud them for this.
But at some point we have to ask ourselves: what about those that
actually *do have something to hide*? Who are they hiding from,
and for what reason? Do they have a realistic alternative? Are we,
as the tool suppliers, viewing those that are, just for instance,
pushing the boundary of what is and what isn't "constitutional and
democratic" (and it is a very soft boundary, depending perhaps only
on the depth of one's pockets in the best of places, but also on
things like skin color, ethnicity and gender in many other?) as undeserving of our tools?
I fully understand and agree with the view of most here who believe
that GPG should be used by those who have nothing to hide. The open
question is: should it *also* be used by those that do? And if the
answer is "yes", is it conditional? Do we take upon ourselves to
know what exactly are they hiding, why and from whom, what side of
the boundary (or barricade), as we see it, they happen to be, before
providing a somewhat modified version of the tool, one that serves
~their~ needs as well as possible?
Peter M.

@_date: 2012-08-28 06:37:43
@_author: peter.segment@wronghead.com 
@_subject: symmetric vs. asymmetric in group use 
> Uhh. because the benefit of pubkey encryption is still there, minus the
 > risk of having pubkeys there forever permanently.
As a note of some possible interest, members of (obviously
hypothetical) C-Z/SUV (cf. the "GPG simplified" thread that this
one appears to be an offshoot of) have considered using symmetric
crypto. The most important argument was that by the same "out-of-channel" method used to verify correspondent's public key, a
two-correspondents specific symmetric key could be exchanged,
and that the public key system implementations are much more
complex and therefore fragile, and cryptographically, public has
three critical crypto algorithms (or components) that must not
break: RNG, asymmetric and symmetric cipher, while the symmetric
has only one: symmetric cipher.
However (since for obvious reasons a single, group-wide key is
out of the question) there would be only ~2*n~ keys to manage
for public, and (n**2 - n) for symmetric.
Peter M.

@_date: 2012-08-31 16:33:03
@_author: peter.segment@wronghead.com 
@_subject: adieu mes amis 
Well, it's been a month of, for me, very illuminating reading.
I am not a subscriber, as I prefer to read the list content
only occasionally, on-line, if and when I need it; so every
post I sent had to pass the moderators, for which I would
like to thank them. (This might have also been the reason
I had to watch my words more carefully than if this was not
the case, and more carefully than some :)
I'd like to thank everyone who contributed and bid adieu to
you all. But before doing so, I'd like to share with the list
the most important conclusion I've reached:
GPG has, primarily because the WOT, developed a "community" more
than a "user base". User populations are amorphous, pragmatic
and non-ideological; while communities develop shared views that
can border on ideologies.
GPS community is ideological: it is not enough to use encryption,
it is important that one is seen to do so. Any desire to hide the
fact that one is communicating in this manner is met, on principle,
with disapproval.
Is the primary reason for noticeable absence of support and
helpful suggestions to Alice and her friends in C-Z/SUV this
ideology I believe I detect, or is it perhaps because the tool
itself has been built-up too high based on the fundamental premise
that all of its users will want not only to use it, but also to be
seen to use it, I can't quite tell.
Helpful suggestions have been few and far between, and any
likelihood of more appearing is waning. Should anyone happen to
have some in the future, please feel free to contact me off-list.
Best to you all,
Peter M.

@_date: 2012-08-31 16:39:58
@_author: peter.segment@wronghead.com 
@_subject: setaling? like Jeffrey Wigand? 
============================== START ==============================
In a way, yes. So did Jeffrey Wigand.
Peter M.

@_date: 2012-07-30 12:51:16
@_author: peter.segment@wronghead.com 
@_subject: gpg "simplified"? 
I have been asked to help a small group of individuals
(perhaps hundreds, not thousands) with secure data exchange
(including, but not restricted to e-mail).
Use of full gpg is way beyond their capabilities. I am
wondering if anybody has heard of a simplified version
of gpg; or failing that, I would like to hear any comments
on the feasibility of a collaborative project to create
such a variant, as I am convinced there would have to be
a wider applicability of it.
The following describes the requirements:
1) The program is CLI and operates on (i.e., it encrypts and
decrypts) binary files. It has no connection with any mail
client program or server or mail service and provides
no key management functionality whatsoever.
2) Once encrypted with a (single!) recipients public key, the
file consists of bytes indistinguishable from a random stream.
3) The program can be run from removable media, i.e., it
requires no installation and assumes no network access for
either key exchange or in operation. There are binaries
for all three major platforms (Win32, Linux and Mac OSX).
4) Single key, public or private, resides in a single
file. This file is encrypted with operator's public key
and consists of bytes indistinguishable from a random byte
5) Public key includes a textual description, but no
unique identification other than the hash of the key.
TIA, Peter M.

@_date: 2012-07-31 12:17:48
@_author: peter.segment@wronghead.com 
@_subject: gpg "simplified"? 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but it is unreasonable to expect anybody
to successfully and safely use gpg without understanding the
concepts and mastering the skills essential to the WOT:
key signing, sub-keys, revocations etc. This makes the use of gpg
(or even an early, "portable" pgp version (2.6.something IIRC?)
unfeasible). As far as the network access is concerned, the best
(the only?) way to ensure there is no compromising network access
is to have a network-ignorant application program.
In this application I have a group of otherwise technically competent
users that, however, have no need or interest to securely communicate
or exchange data with anyone who is not a group member and has not
been introduced to them by the group manager. (Please take the term
"group manager" in the widest possible sense). He can easily do all
the necessary key management (distribution, verification, revocation...)
functions in the course of his other (quite extensive, actually) group
management tasks and activities.
Most users in this group have no single computer they operate on.
Occasionally they must be able to create cipher-text on "drive-by"
computers, not connected to the public network or where any network
access is raising undesired attention . It is essential that the
software requires no "installation" on the computer it is to be used
on. (i.e., it must be statically linked, with no external dependencies).
 >> ... This file is encrypted with operator's public key...
 >this probably will not be possible ...
Yes (clumsily worded in the OP). Obviously, operator's private key
can't be "encrypted with itself" - it will have to be encrypted
with a pass-phrase generated key, just as it is in gpg.
Peter M.
