
@_date: 2003-06-18 13:14:03
@_author: Peter L. Smilde 
@_subject: Why CAs or public keysigning? 
Hash: SHA1
What is the worth of signatures from public keysigning-parties or CAs in
face of non-unique names? Especially when only names are checked and
(usually) not (or only superficially) the email-adress.
When I am in direct contact with a person (case 1), then I usually know
he is the person I want to communicate with (so it is not really
necessary to check his identity). In this case I can ask him for the
fingerprint of his key to be sure that I use no fake key of some other
person. So far OK. In this case, I don't need any other signatures.
I only need signatures, when I am not able to check the key fingerprint
personally. When I know that a trustworthy friend of mine has checked
the fingerprint and signed the key (case 2), then finding his signature
on the key makes it very likely, that it is no fake key. Although it is
even better to ask my friend, if the key really belongs to the person I
want to communicate with, because he might have signed a key of a person
with the same name. So far still OK.
It is still OK, when a key has a lot of signatures of people I know to
be friends, collegues, relatives of my communication partner or just
persons I know (an unusal case though) to have been at the same
keysigning-party (case 3). Then I don't have to ask them if he is the
right person, because it is quite unlikely, that another person with the
same name has the same acquitanceship.
But what, when I (or my trustworthy friends) don't have direct contact
with a person and his key has only been signed by CAs or by persons he
only has met on a public keysigning-party (case 4)? That means that his
key has been signed by persons, that I cannot ask personally if the
person they checked really is the person I expect him to be (like case
2) and I cannot recognise any relationship to him (like case 3). Then I
only know (to the extend as anybody can check IDs and to the extend as I
trust the signer), that the person who owns the key really has the name
in the UID. But how do I know that the key belongs to the person I want
to communicate with, in face of the fact that many names are not quite
unique? Often I cannot even be sure that the email-adress of the person
is the one of the person I want to communicate with, because (as I don't
have direct contact with him, as in case 1) I often get adresses from
the Internet, so it might be the adress of some attacker. Secondly the
email adress in the UID is usually not very well checked by signers, so
it might belong to another person than I (and the signer) expect.
The WoT clearly is not responsible for unique identification of persons.
But when I want to communicate securely with a person, I need this
unique identification. In case 1, 2 and 3 this identification is given
with varying quality. In case 3 even with help of the WoT. But in case 4
this unique identification is missing, and I can only solve this by
direct contact with the key owner. But then I could much more easily ask
him for his fingerprint myself, so I don't need the signatures of CAs or
"public keysigners" anymore...
Can anybody give me a good argument for CAs and public keysigning parties?

@_date: 2003-06-18 17:07:02
@_author: Peter L. Smilde 
@_subject: Why CAs or public keysigning? 
Hash: SHA1
The problem I stated was not: "Do I trust the signers of a key". For
this problem I assume I DO TRUST the CA or at least some of the keyparty
signers. So I believe they have checked the ID of the person carefully.
My problem is different: even WHEN I trust that they have checked a
person, I cannot be sure that they checked the person I want to
communicate with. This problem occurs as soon as duplicate names are
A CA that convinces me to sign only completely (or very likely) unique
UIDs (even unique for persons that are not yet registered by the CA,
otherwise I might send my secrets to the registered person, although I
expected to send it to the unregistered one) is OK, but most
(OpenPGP-)CAs don't make such statements.

@_date: 2003-06-19 12:47:02
@_author: Peter L. Smilde 
@_subject: Why CAs or public keysigning? 
Hash: SHA1
Just to avoid awnsers to problems I didn't state:
1: Again: I am not questioning trust in signatures! There ARE enough
people and CAs I trust (although even some very well known GnuPG-persons
and CAs explicitly state in their policy that they don't check
email-adresses carefully). My problem is that even when they have done
their work perfectly, I cannot check if the person they checked is the
same person I want to communicate with.
2: Many awnsers say: "When you really want need security, then you
usually know your communication partner personally or you ask him for
his fingerprint." That's right. But then I don't need the signature of
the CA or the "public keysigner" anymore (this is case 1 of my original
posting). In this case I have a much stronger "link" or "path" than via
CA or "public signer". The same is the case when some signatures of
friends and collegues of mine are on the key: I can ask them who the
person is they gave their signature (case 2 of my original posting). A
stronger link/path is also available when I see signatures of people I
know to be friends or collegues of the key owner (case 3). As soon as
such signatures are available my problem is solved. But my problem is,
when ONLY signatures of CAs and people I don't know are available (which
is quite usual and which is the actual subject of my posting!!), then I
only know they signed some person with that name; I don't know which one
of all the persons with that name they signed. And when this really
cannot be solved, then signatures of CAs and "public keysigners" are
"only" good to reduce the number of possible attackers to those with the
same name (see below); I am not sure if that is enough to do all the
trouble with CA-registration or keysigning parties.
3: As Joseph Bruni stated: "The odds of you knowing someone who knows
someone you know (three steps) are surprisingly high (at least in the
US). I believe at last check the odds were around 1:100." That's right:
We live in a so-called "Small World"-network, where the mean number of
"hops" from one person to another is found out to be about 6.5, which is
nicely approved by the mean "hop-count" of the strongly connected set of
the WoT. But this means that with about the same magnitude of likelyhood
you will find a ANOTHER person with the same name "signed by anybody who
signed anybody that was signed by me".
4: At the moment only few people are using OpenPGP, so to most people
you cannot send encrypted emails and secondly many of the few users know
each other, so the identity is quite certain (e.g. the only Peter Smilde
using OpenPGP :)). But in the context of secrecy of letter, one should
encrypt all email; just not to make any really secret email attract
attention, because it is one of very few email that is actually
encrypted. In this context it should become more important to have a
possibility to connect the identity of a person to his key by the
potential user of the public key (which is no problem for the signer,
who check ID-card against UID).

@_date: 2003-06-19 18:47:01
@_author: Peter L. Smilde 
@_subject: Why CAs or public keysigning? 
Hash: SHA1
In my phone book I see dozens of duplicate names and when I am searching
for the number of some person it is very usual, that I have to check the
adress or to try several numbers to get to the right one. At least I
usally ask: "Are you the , who is ",
or I try to recognize his voice, which has the same purpose.
OK, I'd reply to you, but possibly not to the Dennis Lambe I expect to
reply to.
Example: Assume you (let's call you DLJ_A) want to offense some other
Dennis Lambe Jr. (DLJ_B). Then you could write emails, which seem to
originate from DLJ_B, containing offensive opinions or proposing illegal
activities. Most readers checking your signature will assume that it is
DLJ_B writing and signing this email. Your (DLJ_A) signers checked your
ID/UID, but the readers can assume that it is DLJ_B, because there is no
way differenciate between the two of you, with only the UID on the key
(assuming again that there are no signatures of people they can ask
personally (case 2 or 3 of my original posting)). You could even ask
people to send you encryted emails, when they agree with your illegal
proposals, and they will send you that, because they think that only
"evil DLJ_B" could read their approval. (OK, they could ask him by
phone, if he really wrote that email, but then they did't need to rely
on signatures anymore.)
That's not completely true: see example above.
I agree.
Right, but I still have the feeling, that it is still much, much better
to contact key-owners directly or to accept only signatures of people I
know to be in contact with the "right" key-owner, than accepting
signatures of CAs and "public keysigners". This is what I wanted to
check with my posting.

@_date: 2003-09-29 09:39:01
@_author: Peter L. Smilde 
@_subject: Request for passphrase? 
Hash: SHA1
Can anybody explain me, why Mozilla/Enigmail (W2000) requests for my
passphrase, when I open the daily digest of this gnupg-users mailinglist?
When I don't supply the passphrase, I get the message "Error: no
passphrase supplied", but everything is readable (as expected, since no
encoded parts are in the plain message source).
Kmail (Linux) doesn't trigger a passphrase request on the same digest.

@_date: 2005-04-01 13:54:02
@_author: Peter L. Smilde 
@_subject: OpenPGP smartcard with offline primary key 
Hash: SHA1
Another question araised while testing my new OpenPGP smartcard:
I have an offline keysigning key and would like to add a signing and an
encryption key to it for online use, with the secret parts of the last
two on the smartcard. So I performed all step as described in the
"OpenPGP smartcard HOWTO", section "Advanced features", subsection
"Using the card only for subkeys".
At the final stage of that subsection, I have the secret signing and
encryption key on the smartcard and I have a secret keyring containing
the secret (primary) keysigning key plus the two stubs for the secret
subkeys on the smartcard.
This is OK for the offline secret keyring. But my online secret keyring
shouldn't contain the secret primary keysigning key (as before).
Removing the complete secret key (primary plus subkey stubs) from my
only keyring is not possible, because then I can't sign or decrypt with
my smartcard keys anymore.
My question: how do I get rid of my secret primary keysigning key while
still being able to use my secret signing and encrytion subkeys from the

@_date: 2005-04-01 15:08:56
@_author: Peter L. Smilde 
@_subject: OpenPGP smartcard with offline primary key 
Jan Niehusmann schrieb:
You're right. I already knew the "purpose", but the thread clarified
this special configuration too!

@_date: 2005-04-08 23:35:46
@_author: Peter L. Smilde 
@_subject: Smartcard error 
With gpg v1.4.1 under Debian I succeeded in transferring my subkeys to the OpenPGP smartcard. Running "gpg --card-status" and "gpg --card-edit" works fine. And "date | gpg ---clearsign | gpg -v" is also  functioning. But calling "date | gpg -er "my-name" | gpg -d" fails with the next error  date | gpg -er '7BBC5696!' | gpg -d
gpg: ccid_transceive failed: (0x1000a)
gpg: apdu_send_simple(0) failed: card I/O error
gpg: encrypted with 1024-bit RSA key, ID 7BBC5696, created 2005-04-01
      "my_uid"
gpg: public key decryption failed: general error
gpg: decryption failed: secret key not available
The same command run fine under Win-XP (with the same smartcard, the same sc-reader (SCR 355) and the same version of gpg).
Any explanation?

@_date: 2005-04-11 21:06:00
@_author: Peter L. Smilde 
@_subject: Smartcard error 
Thanks, that solved it.
 But I didn't need the options --disable-ccid --pcsc-driver /usr/lib/libpcsclite.so. After starting pcscd just calling gpg -s or gpg -s did the job already.

@_date: 2005-04-11 22:44:17
@_author: Peter L. Smilde 
@_subject: Smartcard error 
I applied your patch now, but unfortunately with no different result.

@_date: 2005-03-31 17:32:58
@_author: Peter L. Smilde 
@_subject: OpenPGP Smartcard with Cygwin 
Hash: SHA1
Under Cygwin I get the next error message:
gpg --card-edit
gpg: apdu_open_reader: failed to open driver `libpcsclite.so': dlopen,
Win32 error 126
gpg: card reader not available
gpg: OpenPGP card not available: general error
I tried installing pcsc-lite from their website, but this only installs
a libpcsclite.a and libpcsclite.la.
How do I get the Smartcard working under Cygwin? I found no information
on this topic (OpenPGP smartcard cygwin) in the web.
Under Windows itself the OpenPGP card works fine. (Except, that when no
card is inserted in the (SCR335) card reader while signing an error
window pops up telling that "Die Anweisung in 0x7c9211de" veweist auf
Speicher in "0x00000000" Der Vorgang "read" konnte nicht auf dem
Speicher durchgef?hrt werden". When no (usb) card reader is plugged-in a
normal gpg warning is issued.)
