
@_date: 2001-07-12 19:06:01
@_author: pets1111us@yahoo.com 
@_subject: Pet Tag Fundraiser -Earn up to $10 for each pet tag you distribute and keep earning  each year a pet has it' s tag! Time:12:07:09 PM 
Untitled Document
Pet Tag Fundraiser -
Earn up to $10 for each pet tag you distribute and   keep earning each year a pet has it' s tag! Shelter   Tags, Rabies Tags, License Tags or any tag that you distribute! We   make your tags internet enabled for FREE!
PetFinderz has a reoccurring   program that will accomplish this goal plus donate $.50 to $10 each year for   each animal an organization currently adopts out. This is a donation each year   for each animal that is adopted out by the organization. This program is designed   to be non-obtrusive and does not take any additional time during or after the   animal adoption process. This simple program can be combined with your current   procedure for adoption of your animals to loving homes.
With the success of the   PetFinderz parent companies pet tag that is currently available in the  and    grocery stores in the U.S. PetFinderz realized that developing and brand   naming PetFinderz as an online source for animal adoption facilitation in the   minds of American is not enough. The PetFinderz webpage is way to raise awareness   of animals in need, it is in no way a replacement for the individuals that work   in the shelters on a daily basis. The person to person process that takes place   when an animal is placed in a loving homes should never change. PetAdoptions   as an organization has a simple declaration "Bringing Pets and People Together"   We are here to help all non-profit organizations that directly work with animals   to find them loving homes, regardless of their affiliations or views. PetFinderz has secured relationships   with several major tag manufacturers and advertisers throughout the United States   to offer you this program.
PetFinderz is offering to   make each of your organizations Pet Tags Internet enabled for free. Simply order   your pet tags through one of PetFinderz Pet Tag manufacturing partners. The   only cost is a few pennies to stamp the reverse side of the pet tags that you   currently place on your pets.
PetFinderz requires that   you keep the front of the pet tag the exactly same as it always has been. You   must have the following information of the front of the pet tag.
Requirements for the program
FRONT OF PET TAG- Minimum   information
  1. Year
  2. Your organizations telephone number - If you do not use a telephone number   we can assign you a number.
  3. Tag number
BACK OF PET TAG- MINIMUM   Information
  "My Family Loves Me If I Am Lost Please Log Onto The tags need to come with   instructions that detail how a new animal adoptor can register their new family   member online for free. The tags can be distributed in three ways
  1. Poly bag with instructions
  2. Skinwraped - similar to what is in your local grocery store.
  3. To avoid any additional cost you would supply a printed   form that can be printed directly off our webpage or reproduced internally within   your organization. I.E. the instructions could be incorporated into the forms   you distribute with the tags. Rabies form, Pet license, Adoption Form ect..
  This program retains your identity and keeps your current programs in place   with absolutely no changes. The programs ultimate cost from the manufacturer   in most cases is a few additional pennies per a tag. PetFinderz has partnered   with most of the major Pet Tag manufactures in the U.S. to keep pricing low   and affordable. The additional pennies per a tag goes to cover the actually   physical cost of production and will go to cover the administrative cost of   making that pet tag Internet enabled. WHAT   DOES THE TAG RECIPIENT RECEIVE FOR FREE?
1. They will receive a pet   tag that is Internet enabled for the life of the pet tag.   2. Free member registration that is associated with the pet tag.
  3. The ability to add as many friends to call as they wish so there is always   someone to call if the pet is every lost.
  Member Registration - is the specific member profile on PetFinderz to be associated   with the pet tag. A member has the option of changing or deleting their personal   member information at anytime they wish.   Friends to Call- A pet tag registrant adds friends to call names and email address   (unlimited amount). An email is generated with the pet tag registrants name   and is emailed to the friend explaining that for their contact information to   be associated with their pet online they have to signup as a member. PetFinderz   membership is always FREE
Therefore this free system   enables that an unlimited amount of names and numbers are associated with the   for FREE pet tag to ensure that this pet will return swiftly to its loving family   in the unfortunate event of loss.
HOW DO   YOU MAKE UP TO $10 FOR EACH YEAR A PET HAS ITS TAG?
 PetFinderz currently offers   three levels of service associated with each pet tag. These levels of service   are available with each retail version of our Pet Tags that are available in   your local grocery store. The current cost of this retail service is $5-$8 when   purchased in your local grocery store.
Levels of service-
  1. Pets profile - personality text boxes, pets name, pets favorite color ect.   2. Pets picture - pictures of the pet
  3. Veterinarian contact information - Life saving medical information, medication   requirements ect.
  4. Tag & License - all of the other tags on your pet.
PetFinderz asks for no money   from the people that wish to add these additional levels of service. To enable   any one of the three options. A pet tag registrant will have a choice of several   online offers from our advertising partners. We have accumulated over one hundred   different offers. Many have no cost to the pet tag registrant. This non-pressure   opt in systems clearly explains to the pet tag registrant that if the offer   is completed a donation will be made that goes directly to your organization.   Through-out this whole process your organizations logo can be featured.
  With each offer completed a pet tag registrant enables the level of service   for one year. At the end of the year if the pet tag registrant wishes to renew   the service they will have to repeat the process, at which time, they will be   notified that a donation is being generated for your organization for each offer   they complete. This will continue to generate revenue for your organization   for the years to come.
please call   888-737-8514 and you   can talk with a representative that can assist you further with finding a tag   manufacture to participate in this Pet Tag fundraising program!
Thank You,
  PetFinderz!
