
@_date: 2012-12-16 21:14:49
@_author: Thomas Demers 
@_subject: Elliptic curves in gnupg status?(ECC support) 
Hey,  I found the discussion in this newsgroup linked to  below.  It
was last posted to in 2010.  Looked like ECC support was coming, but
as far as I can tell GPG doesn't support ECC yet.  Is it on it's way?
I was just thinking maybe the messages could be short enough yet
moderately secure, to send over SMS, due to the shorter key sizes?
You wouldn't get much payload space, but maybe a little?
In any case ECC is the way of the future for public key crypto is it
not?  So it's really a pretty desirable feature.  I just found out
bitcoin is based on ECC.

@_date: 2012-12-18 14:21:21
@_author: Thomas Demers 
@_subject: Elliptic curves in gnupg status?(ECC support) 
I was not able to find anything in the manual about it though.  I
searched and searched for the details on how to get on with using it,
can't find them anywhere.  I mean included and useable in the main
release as a tool to move ahead with...
----- Original Message -----

@_date: 2012-12-24 19:30:15
@_author: Thomas Demers 
@_subject: ASCII armor plus? - a main reason I find I and some others do not use 
The insertion of hard returns, blank lines, hyphens and so on is an
issue I and others I have been trying to get to use encryption
multiple times.  It is one of the main reasons I don't use encryption
as much as I could; I cannot be sure that my message will actually get
through because these ascii armored blocks are so easily corrupted.
I suggest as a future feature that the ascii armoring option have
built into it more resistance to corruption in the face of this sort
of thing.  If hard returns are not used anyway in the encoding scheme,
why not simply have GPG ignore them when parsing an armored message,
instead of being unable to read the message?
Also the ----begin pgp message---- or whatever header has been broken
at times by the mere insertion of an extra hyphen on the left by an
email system.  Something I was only able to determine by sending
myself test messages, not something most casual users have time for.
Why not make it so that only the human readable part is essential,
with the hyphens only for readabilit?
