
@_date: 2019-08-01 14:16:34
@_author: Playfair 
@_subject: allow-non-selfsigned-uid issue with key from keys.openpgp.org 
Couldn't this issue be dealt with by the key server instead of by
OpenPGP implementations?  GnuPG can create and import keys having
non-email-address user IDs.  A string of more than 4 characters is
acceptable.  Anything remotely resembling an email address, e.g.
x at y.xyz, is okay.
If keys.openpgp.org won't publish a user ID other than a verified email
address, is its only recourse to remove the user ID?  Could it instead
substitute the hex key ID, fingerprint or a dummy string like "User ID
not verified"?  If it can't, is there any benefit in publishing a
mutilated key people can't use?  Just reject it.

@_date: 2019-08-02 07:50:15
@_author: Playfair 
@_subject: allow-non-selfsigned-uid issue with key from keys.openpgp.org 
The point of doing that is to permit people who obtain my key through
other channels, say directly from me, to periodically refresh it.  When
I revoke my key or change the expiration date, the fact will be
communicated to holders of my public key, at least to those who refresh
their key rings.
Of course it works.  A correspondent has only to select my public key
when sending me email.  Easier still is for her to create an Enigmail
PRR associating my key with my email address or addresses.  That makes
key selection automatic.
Sounds to me like you expect a key server to double as a CA.

@_date: 2019-08-12 11:54:00
@_author: Playfair 
@_subject: PGP Key Poisoner 
A tool like this has been in the wild for several weeks.  As skeeto says
"Further, this attack has been known for years, and in 2019 it's been
used against real keys on keyservers. This tool is nothing new and does
not create any new capabilities. It's merely proof that such attacks are
very easy to pull off. It doesn't take a nation-state actor to break the
PGP ecosystem, just one person and couple evenings studying RFC 4880.
This system is not robust."
One wonders why an attack that's been known for years is only being
addressed now that it has been used.
