
@_date: 2005-10-27 12:38:42
@_author: Sven Radde 
@_subject: Lots of questions 
I can't answer all your questions, but I will go for those that I can.
Christoph Anton Mitterer schrieb:
AFAIK, it is actually *less* secure to conduct purely asymmetric
operations on large amounts of data.
Think of it so that encrypting/signing only hash-values exposes your
private key much less as there is less data available to analyze.
And using purely asymmetric encryption would be much (and I mean
*really* much) slower.
I think it signs first. After all, no one who can't decrypt a message
should know whether it's signed or not.
You could use detached signatures on encrypted files, though.
As there are prefenrences embedded in the keys regarding the available
algorithms, GnuPG in general does a good job to find a compatible way of
handling things. There are some more subtle issues, though, so if you
know what software your communication partner uses, you should go for
the appropriate --pgp# option.
It is already the case with 4096bit keys that the asymmetric operations
aren't the weakest link of the whole process any longer. It's more the
hash functions and maybe even the symmetric algorithms under these
In other words: It doesn't gain you anything while only making the whole
thing go much slower (4096 bit signing/decrypting already takes a
noticeable amount of time on my PC and it scales badly).
ElGamal signing keys were found to be fatally insecure and therefore
have been removed from GnuPG with version 1.2.3 (or so).
You *can* create a RSA sign+encrypt key with "gpg --gen-key --expert".
Yes. Two names for essentially the same thing.
Simplified, the public key is derived via a mathematical computation
from the secret key. The computation is designed in a way that can not
easily be reversed (such as factoring the product of two very large
prime numbers).
The logical connection would simply be that only the fitting secret key
can decrypt anything from the respective public key.
The primary is used to "self-sign" itself and all subkeys and user-ids
on your key.
Think of the key as being separated in several parts that are all
treated as separate documents signed with the usual procedure to sign
any kind of data.
Yes. Other users would sign user-ids associated with the key. Thereby
they state that they are convinced that the signed user-id actually
belongs to the user with the given id. The connection between the
user-id and the cryptographic key itself is accompliched via the
I don't know where exactly it is stored, but a key (as a whole) contains
algorithm preferences. user-ids are only stored in user-ids.
Right. This makes the connection between the key and the user-ids.
The secondary keys are signed with the private key.
Yes, if the others update their key.
I think so. You simply choose which of you UIDs will be displayed first.
Yes. That's actually the whole point with signing UIDs.
See the discussion currently going in the "Delete key from keyserver"
thread. People are argumenting about this very issue.
This is correct.
At least the algorithm-preferences can be changed without invalidating
anything as they are IMHO not tied to an UID but rather to your primary key.
In your case, I would simply go for 4096 bit RSA.
I don't like CAST, but this is a personal opinion.
You may want to deactivate MD5 altogether. (Just leave its number out of
your preferences-list.)
There is no need to bother: If you encrypt to a windows user, his key
will indicate that it doesn't understand bzip2 and your GnuPG will
automatically choose a mutually supported algorithm.
That's what I can answer.
cu, Sven
