
@_date: 2017-11-02 12:56:21
@_author: Shannon C 
@_subject: GnuPG public key vulnerability? 
Jon,
FYI your detection logic seems a bit overzealous, because (last time I
checked) it detects revoked ROCA-vulnerable subkeys as making the whole
public key unacceptable, even if the private key is not affected by ROCA.
According to the responses on this thread
ROCA-affected subkeys have no effect on the validity of the private key or
other subkeys, so if they're revoked everything should be ok.
Rejecting public keys in this way is problematic for two reasons I can
think of:
1. It confuses people because it implies that there's something wrong with
your whole key even though the problem is only with a subkey. And it
implies that revoking the subkey doesn't solve the problem.
2. It will force people to do extra work to remove their subkeys before
exporting their public key for upload to Facebook. This is annoying to do
and might lead to people deleting their subkeys from their local keyring
permanently, which is probably a bad idea.
I'm not certain, but I think keybase might be getting this wrong too.

@_date: 2017-10-29 14:18:14
@_author: Shannon C 
@_subject: Impact of ROCA (CVE-2017-15361) in subkey vs. private key? 
I am wondering if anyone here can definitively say whether the ROCA
vulnerability (CVE-2017-15361) described here
 when it occurs in a subkey
will make the private key vulnerable?
I can't find anyone talking about this particular issue. Assuming that the
secret key was generated outside of an Infineon chip, but that subsequently
subkeys were generated by a chip with the ROCA vulnerability, does that
compromise the main private key, or only the subkey?
Some sites refuse to accept public keys with ROCA-affected subkeys even if
the subkeys have been revoked. However, some tools appear to differentiate
between the two. If, for example, I use  to test
my public key, the test result for my main key is "safe". However, the test
result for the subkeys is, "Subject to ROCA, insecure." What's the right
way to interpret this information?
