
@_date: 2003-07-20 12:35:02
@_author: Richard Turner 
@_subject: Diminished Disk Space after running file encryption 
This is a cryptographically signed message in MIME format.

@_date: 2003-07-20 21:35:04
@_author: Richard Turner 
@_subject: Diminished Disk Space after running file encryption 
Already did that - very little change as I keep the number of tmp files to a minimum anyway.
I use Mozilla and the cache is kept at a very low level (10 Mb).  All temporary internet files are deleted.
It sure does and has been rebooted quite a few times since!
This partition on this HDD is just over 7 Gb - the disk is around 20Gb (some is used for a couple of Linux distributions I'm trying to get running as I want and BeOS).  I have access to two other HDDs in the machine one of these has more than 40GB of spare space (It is attached via USB2, configured as G:).  The (372 Mb zip) file I was trying to encrypt was on that G: HDD.  It was very strange: I had a file manager called Opus running as GnuPG started to encrypt the file and the disk space available on the C: drive was about 680Mb and it was dropping 10 Mb every few seconds.  Eventually counting to no space available, when I got a "Disk Clean Up" message from Windows 98SE.  GnuPG/WinPT did not throw any error message and just stopped - the file was not encrypted and I now had only 380Mb on the C: drive.  Earlier I had more than 1Gb of spare space and had run the program and got the same result (only 380Mb of space left and the file not encrypted).  I cleared off a file to increase the available disk space to the 680Mb I mention above.
I have cleared out the temp files in C:\windows\temp - but does does GnuPG put its temporary/scratch files somewhere else maybe?
Thanks for your help,

@_date: 2003-07-22 13:56:02
@_author: Richard Turner 
@_subject: Diminished Disk Space after running file encryption 
I posted a few days ago.  Problem was my disk space plumetted after
running GnuPG under WinPT (under Win 98SE) and remained very low (posted
a few days ago).
I have found where the disk space went - I think!  As I mentioned I was
running GnuPG from WinPT which I invoked from a file management program
called Directory Opus (via a right click of the mouse - menu - select
WinPT options etc.).  I have just found six files totalling 1,477 Mb in
the Opus program files directory all created on the day I started having
the problems with similarly prefixed names (to each other) and sizes
similar to the files that I was encrypting/trying to encrypt.  I have
renamed these and run the Opus program with no ill effects.  I do not
know why the Opus program itself did not list these files when I
searched (using it!) for files greater than 50Mb as the smallest is 160Mb.
Anyway I have now deleted them all and regained my spare capacity - and enhanced as I was forced to clear out a load of other stuff to get some free space!
Many thanks to all that tried to help - I'm still unsure why these files
were created and left on the system but at least I know where to look
from now on!
