
@_date: 2013-12-24 17:46:10
@_author: rickardbrown@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Fake Conferences CSCI and WORLDCOMP of Hamid Arabnia 
Fake Conferences CSCI and WORLDCOMP of Hamid Arabnia
Hamid Arabnia from University of Georgia is well known for his fake WORLDCOMP conferences   This website has an open challenge posted sometime in 2012 and it also has comments from several well-known researchers on WORLDCOMP. Hamd Arabnia never responded to these because his conferences are bogus.
Hamid Arabnia (the money hungry professor) has recently started 2014 International Conference on Computational Science and Computational Intelligence (CSCI'14)  to deceive researchers further. CSCI'14 is started under the title of ?American Council on Science and Education? which is a dummy corporation (does not exist anywhere in the world). Hamid Arabnia buried his name in the list of names of other innocent steering and program committee members of CSCI?14 to avoid any special attention. He knows that if his name is given any special attention then researchers immediately notice that the conference is fake due to his ?track record? with WORLDCOMP. Hamid Arabnia (Guru of Fake Conferences and champion of academic scam) spoiled the reputations and careers of many authors who submitted papers to his infamous WORLDCOMP for more than a decade and he is now ready to do the same using CSCI.
Interestingly, CSCI is scheduled to be held at the same venue where WORLDCOMP was held until 2012. CSCI has no general chair. It has no physical person?s name or physical address or phone number to contact. Only contact address is an email address. Hamid Arabnia and his puppets answer the emails, if needed, using fake names. Do not spoil your resume by submitting your papers in this bogus conference CSCI which will not be held beyond 2014.
CSCI will not be indexed by DBLP.
Recently, Hamid Arabnia paid money and published few ?news articles? claiming him a victim of online harassment and cyber bullying. Now he started posting (using fake names and through his puppets) in various emails, blogs and forums, referring to those ?news articles? and trying to get back sympathy and trust of the research community to make his CSCI successful. Hamid Arabnia is a Wolf in a Sheep?s skin.
We challenge Hamid Arabnia to openly publish the names and affiliation details of the reviewers for thousands of research papers submitted to WORLDCOMP for the last thirteen years. We also challenge Hamid Arabnia to openly publish all the reviews (after removing authors identification details) for all the thousands of research papers submitted to WORLDCOMP for the last thirteen years. There are more challenges at  We know that he never accepts these challenges because there were no reviews and no reviewers and he simply cheated the research community for all these years. We are not surprised if he comes out tomorrow claiming that his computer crashed and he lost the reviews and reviewers? details. He can play any deceiving trick.
See the important website  for more information on WORLDCOMP, including links to DBLP stop indexing WORLDCOMP proceedings. See  for Hamid Arabnia and his puppet?s Anti-Christmas Greetings campaign.
We ask Hamid Arabnia and his puppets to address the above issues and challenges before posting any other message.  Do not spoil your resume by publishing in the fake conferences of Hamid Arabnia.
Many researchers cheated by the conferences of Hamid Arabnia
