
@_date: 2008-04-17 10:18:03
@_author: rick 
@_subject: editing User ID  
In setting up a user I managed to fat finger the email address.
The pgp documentation shows how to edit the user information using the -ke (key edit) flag, but I am unable to find a similar capability in gpg.  I thought that possibly I could remove the user id, then recreate the user with the corrected email address but I was unsure if I could retain the ability to decrypt existing files.
Is it possible to edit the user information in pgp?  Can someone point me to the applicable documentation for this item?

@_date: 2008-04-17 11:21:37
@_author: rick 
@_subject: editing User ID 
:Date: Thu, 17 Apr 2008 12:13:30 -0400
:From: dshaw at jabberwocky.com (David Shaw)
:To: gnupg-users at gnupg.org
:Subject: Re: editing User ID
:> In setting up a user I managed to fat finger the email address.
:> The pgp documentation shows how to edit the user information using the -ke :> (key edit) flag, but I am unable to find a similar capability in gpg.  I :> thought that possibly I could remove the user id, then recreate the user :> with the corrected email address but I was unsure if I could retain the :> ability to decrypt existing files.
:> Is it possible to edit the user information in pgp?  Can someone point me :> to the applicable documentation for this item?
:You can't really edit user information.  The reason is that the
:information is "bound" to the key with a self-signature - editing the
:user ID info would cause that signature to become invalid.  This is
:for reasons of self integrity, as you wouldn't want an attacker to be
:able to edit your user ID information.
:The way to do what you want is to add a new user ID, with the correct
:information (gpg --edit-key then "adduid"), then remove the old
:incorrect UID.  There are two ways to remove that:
:  gpg --edit-key then "deluid".
:If you haven't sent the key to anyone, then this is safe.  It deletes
:the bad user ID completely and that is that.
:If you have sent the key to anyone (and that includes the keyserver),
:the best you can do is revoke the user ID, which tags it with a flag
:to indicate it should not be used:
:  gpg --edit-key then "revuid".
Thanks, I did use the --edit-key - revuid then adduid and recreated the user.  Everything seems to check out OK.
Thanks again
