
@_date: 2016-04-26 11:11:20
@_author: Bob (Robert Cavanaugh 
@_subject: making a Debian Live CD for managing GnuPG master key and 
Hash: SHA256
Peter and All,
I completely agree. I think that this "project" is now outside the
scope of this group and should either split off into its own group or
the author should stop self-promoting. My reading of the group
consensus is that this set of scripts is tolerated not endorsed or
recommended. I have seen multiple posts specifically warning against
practices promulgated by this set of scripts and while there are
nothing wrong with experimenting and requesting feedback from the
group I personally feel a line is crossed when this group is used as
the medium to promote a personal project.

@_date: 2016-04-26 14:40:06
@_author: Bob (Robert Cavanaugh 
@_subject: Evangelzation discussion :Was [Re: making a Debian Live CD for 
New thread for this topic...
All good points, no argument. I particularly agree regarding the
frequency. By all means promote your own product if you believe in it.
However, I stand by my opinion that there should be a clear demarcation
between GnuPG and its official distribution opposed to applications,
utilities, etc that  GnuPG and its official distributed utilities.
Their author(s) should not imply that their project is part of GnuPG. I
just re-checked; egpg is not listed on the gnupg.org 'Download' page. It
is not even listed on the 'Frontends' tab, which I find somewhat
surprising, as that should be the appropriate place to be listed?

@_date: 2016-03-30 12:26:24
@_author: bob cavanaugh 
@_subject: What am I missing? 
Although this is off-topic, I have to jump in...
Robert is being reticent about the state-of-the-art regarding shall we say
"data recovery". While I will adopt the same level of reticence (probably
for the same reasons) let me state my firm belief that the FBI could have
applied to other US government agencies or third parties to achieve their
ends. What I believe this was really about (while agreeing w/ Robert on the
previous precedence issue) is 1) If Apple caved the FBI's job would be much
easier, so why not try for the low-hanging fruit? Once Apple acquiesced,
nobody else on the planet could take a stand against the precedents.
Remember that even our US court system was divided on this issue 2) They
took advantage of the heinous acts in San Bernadino to frame the debate on
personal privacy vs security in their favor, making future requests more
likely to succeed in the courts. It is more difficult to make a case for
compelling companies to add back-doors to deter financial scam artists than
it is to state you are protecting people from terrorists.
Final note: The district attorney's office in New York City claims they have
about 200 phones they want to unlock and were very eager to see the FBI
court case resolved in their favor. Again, I believe this is not an issue of
capability rather one of time, money and resources.
All that being said, I believe the FBI and law enforcement need to update
their toolsets and resources. Lest any of you think I am not concerned about
this topic, I live about an hour from the office where the shootings took
place. I do not believe that the entire security fabric that we all depend
on every day should be compromised in response; there are other ways to
handle the problem.
Bob Cavanaugh
