
@_date: 2010-01-04 10:02:31
@_author: Stringer, Robert 
@_subject: Compatibility version between version 1.2 and 1.4.10 
We just downloaded the latest version of GNuPg, version 1.4.10.
Can we reuse the same keys to encrypt the data?
Can we use the 1.4.10 version without any modifications on our systems?
Is there any issues we must be aware regarding the new version?
PS: GNUPG runs on WINDOWS 2003 server.
TD Assurance r?f?re collectivement ? toutes les entit?s et
activit?s Canadiennes d'assurance des particuliers au sein de
TDBFG. TD Insurance refers collectively to all of the Canadian personal
lines insurance entities and activities within TDBFG. AVIS DE CONFIDENTIALITE. Ce courriel, ainsi que tout renseignement ci-inclus, destin?
uniquement au(x) destinataire(s) susmentionn?(s), est confidentiel.
Si vous n'?tes pas le destinataire pr?vu ou un agent responsable de
la livraison de ce courriel, tout examen, divulgation, copie,
impression, reproduction, distribution ou autre utilisation de
toute partie de ce courriel est strictement interdit de m?me que
toute action ou manquement ? l'?gard de celui-ci. Si vous avez re?u
ce message par erreur ou sans autorisation, veuillez en aviser
imm?diatement l'exp?diteur par retour de courriel ou par un autre
moyen et supprimez imm?diatement et enti?rement cette communication
de tout syst?me ?lectronique. NOTICE OF CONFIDENTIALITY. This communication, including any information transmitted with it,
is intended only for the use of the addressee(s) and is
confidential. If you are not an intended recipient or responsible
for delivering the message to an intended recipient, any review,
disclosure, conversion to hard copy, dissemination, reproduction or
other use of any part of this communication is strictly prohibited,
as is the taking or omitting of any action in reliance upon this
communication. If you received this communication in error or
without authorization please notify us immediately by return e-mail
or otherwise and permanently delete the entire communication from
any computer, disk drive, or other storage medium.
