
@_date: 2003-10-20 15:19:23
@_author: Weinmann, Robert 
@_subject: decrypt failure using scheduling tool on UNIX; receive msg 'c 
You need to use something like the following command line:
gpg --passphrase-fd 0 --batch -v -t --output $OUT --decrypt $IN <
note the "--batch" option.
Bob Weinmann Technical Support robert.weinmann Humanic Solutions
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, October 17, 2003 12:49 PM
The following command executed in a Korn shell script from our scheduling
tool is yielding the message:
gpg: cannot open /dev/tty: No such device or address
gpg --recipient "Qwest HRBATCH"  --passphrase-fd 3 --output output.txt
--decrypt in.txt.pgp   3<pswd.txt
I had hoped that I could get around problem by utilizing a file-descriptor
(fd) other than 0 (std input) but the stmt above still results in the

@_date: 2004-02-09 18:11:58
@_author: Weinmann, Robert 
@_subject: automation on UNIX and Windows platforms 
Here's an example of scripted decryption on unix.  I use pgp on NT/Win2k, so
I haven't tried this on that platform, but I think it would work.
gpg --passphrase-fd 0 --batch -v -t --output $OUT --decrypt $IN <
This method requires you to keep the passphrase in a file, which many regard
as not too secure, but in our environment it works fine.
Good luck!
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, February 09, 2004 11:49 AM
and it didn't seem to make sense - you still have to provide a
password.  Perhaps I am missing something here.  Anyways, my situation is
that I want to setup a way to simply encrypt and decrypt from the
commandline in both UNIX and DOS with simple scripting(i.e. don't have to
use expect or anything else of that matter - can, just being lazy) where
it doesn't prompt me for a password, yet I can still pass the password to
the program via either piping, feeding through a file, or an environment
variable.  We use an older version of PGP on our server right now(2.62),
and it supports passing of the password through the environment variable
PGPPASS.  I don't see why GNUPG would not support something like this -
I'm hoping it does, but can not find any document reference to it.  As a
result, the requirement to enter in the password by hand makes automation
extremely difficult.  Anyways, I'm hoping someone here knows of such a way
I mentioned above, or another equally simple way to achieve this.  If not,
what's the low down and dirty dirt on how to get this sucker to work in an
automated fashion?  Any help would be greatly appreciated.
