
@_date: 2001-04-03 01:26:03
@_author: Robin Szemeti 
@_subject: Password Prompt 
umm .. maybe I'm missing something .. but if you remove the passwords (eg
making a passwordless secret key) then you just lost 90% of the security
?? surely having a good, strong , non-dictioanry password is at the very
heart of the security model. Typing it in is a Good Thing (tm) isn't it?
But try somehting like Kmail and use the pgpgpg thingy to allow you to
use the gpg with it. Kmail (and others) have an option to allow you to
remember the password for the rest of that session .. remmeber to logout
before youleave the room though.

@_date: 2001-03-19 22:00:20
@_author: Robin Szemeti 
@_subject: Newbie question regarding trust 
Hi :)
OK I have a fairly simple and probably dumb question I didn;t seem to be
able to answer from the FAQ or the docs ...
I am trying to use GPG to replace an existing PGP install on my server.
It is used for, amongst other things, allowing configuration change
commands when sent in a suitable PGP/GPG signed message.
Under PGP I used to just place a public key on the keyring and off it
would go .. but with GPG I get an error implying that the key I imported
with gpg --import  is not trusted because I haven't signed it ..
too right I haven't .. as  presumably generating key pairs on the remote
machine is a no-no as its not secure, and I hardly want to place a copy
of my secret key on the insecure machine .. so how do I tell GPG not to
worry about if its signed or not, just to simply check if its on the
keyring and get on with it?
or can I sign the key with gpg on another machine and do it that way? ..
or am I missing somehting obvious ??
on the plus side: at least GPG compiled under Redhat 7.0 which is more
than PGP 6.5.8 would!! ;)
many thanks

@_date: 2001-03-20 01:54:00
@_author: Robin Szemeti 
@_subject: Newbie question regarding trust 
probably .. these are incoming uses keys, mainly PGP 6.5.X .. ahh .. but that would involve signing the key on the server wouldn't it
?? or can you assign a trust level to the key without signing it?
