
@_date: 2012-12-12 19:28:18
@_author: Roy Sindre Norangshol 
@_subject: A few newbie questions, I'am doing this right? 
Hello list!
I'm trying to setup my gpg setup properly for the first time, and wondering if
this setup seems fine:
Master keypair with only the ?certificate? as it's only role, this master
keypair I'll only use for:
* signing someone else's key
* creating a new subkey
* revoking a subkey
as mentioned on debian's wiki[1] and will be stored offline on my private
encrypted usb thumbdrive and only used on my own secure equipment (fully
encrypted laptop or home computer) (planning to buy a cryptostick[2] after new
So I've created 3 seperate subkeys for each role:
* sign (2y expire)
* auth (2y expire)
* encryption (never)
I assume two year expire on sign and auth is good and requirements me to redo
sign and auth subkeypairs every each year to ?show I'am alive and kicking?.
Encryption is set to never, if it gets compromised I'll have to reencrypt all
my stuff that I want to keep safe anyway and wipe existing old copies.
Encryption key I will only have at home, laptop and server stationed at my
parents (used for mutt) which are all fully encrypted.
I've attached two identities (roy.sindre at norangshol.no and my current identity
at work.)
I thought I could create two additional subkeys (sign and auth) for use at work
for my work identity, in case these subkeys gets compromised I can easily
revoke these two keys and create new ones to use at work and don't need to
worry about building a whole new web-of-trust since signing happens with my
master key which is securly stored offline. Is this partly okey as long as I use those additional work subkeys only at work
and not my other ones? (planning to store them on my workstation which I guess
is insecure as techies can remotly access it.))
If an encryption shows up as a requirement later at work, I guess there is no
problems later to add an additional encryption subkey to use at work if I
understand this correctly?
Since I'm using subkeys I don't have to ?redo? the web-of-trust/signing when
renewing my subkeys, right?
I'am missing something huge or does this setup look okey? :-)
Kinda want to properly setup this before attending any kind of signing parties.
Thank you in advance!
[1] [2]

@_date: 2012-12-13 11:03:07
@_author: Roy Sindre Norangshol 
@_subject: A few newbie questions, I'am doing this right? 
Indeed, fighting between security vs usability.
I was orginally only thinking of having 1 main key pair, hence having the main
key with certificate ability.  Signing I will do with my assigned signing
subkey. I don't, my plan was to have the main key to be this most secured item, which
have the ability to create myself a new subkeypair if I've been unlucky and
compromised. Not a bad idea :-)
Any recommendations? cryptostick was recommended by fellow friends at the
university as it was open source and fully open. And if using a cryptostick,
even if attaching it to a compromised computer they will never be able to
access the private key, so that's why I'm thinking of ordering one. It just sounds weird for me having to renew the encryption key, what about old
documents encrypted with the old subkey? Kind of usabilty vs security. Again a usability vs security, if I want to start using GPG actively I don't
want having to write my email at my local pc, encrypt it and send it over to my
private server to attach it.
Yes, that's my private address (first name at last name) and I doubt I'll ever
change that in my life time.
Is it that bad? You could simply revoke the identity if you no longer use it.
I'm just afraid if I choose a too complex setup I end up not using it at all. Not able to generate a own dedicated subkeypair for encryption if the
requirements shows up for using encryption at work? (if I end up using only one
main key pair)
Still suggesting this even if I doubt I'll ever in my life time swap out my
private email? (see comment above) Thanks for info, I'll dig into the manual and set these. Thought of fetching 3 local close co-workers signatures before leaving for xmas
vacation, does that affect the --set-policy-url if set later?
Still thinking about this one. (in regards of the follow up encryption
question). Anyway a good thing to do if I go for two separate main key pairs. :-)

@_date: 2012-12-13 14:43:39
@_author: Roy Sindre Norangshol 
@_subject: A few newbie questions, I'am doing this right? 
Could you please show me an example of how you set such a key policy document?
I tried ?gpg2 --edit-key 0xMyPublicKey --set-policy-url
static-www-link-to-my-gpg-policy-webpage-which-is-blank-atm? without any
success. Kinda had the same issues with setting my keyserver, but at least I could do it
interactivly in gpg-shell. (I'll follow up rest of your questions later this evening hopefully, again:
thanks for your input!)

@_date: 2012-12-13 16:39:46
@_author: Roy Sindre Norangshol 
@_subject: A few newbie questions, I'am doing this right? 
Figured this out, it should be used when signing others public key. Doh :-)
