
@_date: 2015-08-22 12:02:59
@_author: rpr 
@_subject: PGP Global Directory does not send verification email 
Hash: SHA1
I followed instructions given on
to submit my public PGP key to PGP Global Directory
( but after uploading the key file
I have not received the verification email to the corresponding email
address at gmail.com. (I also checked the spam folder.)
After a few hours I tried to repeat the submission but the page gave
the following message:
"A pending key submission is already in progress for email addresses
on the submitted key. The instructions in the previous verification
emails must be followed in order to make a change, or you may resubmit
this request in 24 hours."
which shows that the server actually knows about my submission.
Has anyone seen this recently?
Regarding this issue I wanted to open a case at Symantec Support (as
it seems that the PGP Global Directory is maintained by the Symantec
Corporation since they acquired the PGP Corporation in 2010) but I was
not able to do that as the PGP Global Directory was not listed among
their products. :-( Shame on you Symantec )
BTW, I would like to publish my PGP keys to the PGP Global Directory
as it offers a better protection against harvesting email addresses by
spammers, as explained on the following pages:
Q. 6. I think spammers got my email address from the PGP keyserver.
What can I do?
Will I get spam if I use the PGP Global Directory?
Harvesting email addresses from OpenPGP key servers is quite easy.
Try the following commands:
gpg --keyserver hkp://pool.sks-keyservers.net --search-keys rms
gpg --keyserver hkp://pool.sks-keyservers.net --search-keys rpr
You can also try these queries e.g. at

@_date: 2015-09-10 23:55:42
@_author: rpr nospam 
@_subject: PGP Global Directory does not send verification email 
: It's long-standing list policy that we avoid talking about non-libre
: software, except in the sense of interoperability concerns.  If you have
: concerns with how the PGP Global Keyserver is working, I'd suggest
: bringing that up to Symantec's technical support, or a mailing list like
: PGP-Basics which explicitly supports PGP and their products.
The issue with PGP Global Directory ( has
been solved and PGP keys can be again published on that key server
(which is interoperable with GnuPG software). See more at
