
@_date: 2018-03-15 15:26:10
@_author: Steven Maddox 
@_subject: Stupid Symantec 
Hi,	
At the place I work they unfortunately use stupid Symantec's "Encryption
Desktop" (formerly known as PGP Desktop) software.	
The desktop portion of that software has an OS/kernel level driver that
watches if you're trying to open a PGP encrypted file... then decrypts
it on the fly and finally passes it to the application that'd normally
open it.	
I'm the only Linux desktop user here at work and I only call Symantec
*stupid* because they seem to find it funny to support Ubuntu 14.04 all
the way to 14.04.4 ... but not 14.04.5.  Basically 14.04.5 has a newer
Linux kernel which breaks the driver, if they could just fix that -
they'd also find it is magically fixed for Ubuntu 16.04 too (as it's the
same issue in the kernel that uses too).	
This is especially infuriating as they refer to any request to fix this
as a "Feature Request"... which is laughable if you consider the idea of
this happening if Windows got a new service pack, that'd get classified
instantly as a bug to fix.	
See... 	
See... 	
Anyway I can either continue to bitterly rant or convince my employers
to switch product.  Does GnuPG have a similar kernel module/driver for
an as-you-open-a-file type experience?	
If this doesn't exist in the main GnuPG project then I'd be happy to be
referred to any 3rd party bits of software (even if commercial or
proprietary) that could?	
I understand if the answer *should* be block-level encryption... but
they're intend on file-level.

@_date: 2018-03-16 08:11:24
@_author: Steven Maddox 
@_subject: Stupid Symantec 
I'm not a Windows user, I mentioned that I'm a Linux desktop user in my
original post.
Yeah this would be a cool approach that'd mean less reliance on the
kernel.  However the files we (me and my colleagues) access (although
they're all using Windows PCs) are on SMB/Windows shares... so somehow
the overlay would have to work with that.
I'll take a closer look thanks... although on first glance I can't see
anything about SMB/Windows share support (for remote files it just
mentions SSH).
Yeah I just use LUKS on my PC to protect local files, but this is (as
above) for files on SMB/Windows shares... sorry for not mentioning that
Any other ideas welcome :)
To be honest I was kind of hoping someone would pop up an say there was
a PGP-compatible open source alternative kernel module that did the same
thing!  Perhaps this was something the PGP guys kept closed source and
Symantec have continued to keep it that way since they bought them out?
Steven Maddox

@_date: 2018-03-16 13:16:54
@_author: Steven Maddox 
@_subject: Stupid Symantec 
I get the impression they want the decryption happening on the end users
Presumably so that if any users got the idea to just 'upload' a file
online - it'd be the encrypted version of that file.? Course someone can
just get around that by opening an encrypted file - then just saving it
to a new local location :D
But I don't make the rules around here.
Steven Maddox
