
@_date: 2014-04-09 23:36:25
@_author: Sam Kuper 
@_subject: It's 2014. Are we there yet? 
One possible answer: I haven't tried it myself, btw.

@_date: 2014-01-05 04:19:07
@_author: Sam Kuper 
@_subject: USB key form-factor smart-card readers with pinpads? 
Hm, I've now found several mailing list and forum discussions, etc,
that indicate the ACR83 is not compatible with OpenPGP cards. That's a
pity, as its stated dimensions suggest it's about a tenth the physical
volume of the next smallest smart card reader with PIN pad (at least,
of those that I've found online so far): the Identive SPR332 or
If anyone knows differently and is sure that the ACR83 has been made
to work with the OpnPGP cards, please say so. If not, then we might as
well ignore it for the rest of this thread.
Thanks again,

@_date: 2014-01-05 04:02:57
@_author: Sam Kuper 
@_subject: USB key form-factor smart-card readers with pinpads? 
Dear GnuPG users,
I am new to this list, so please be gentle.
At some point in the coming months, I may try to obtain an OpenPGP
smart card and reader.
At the moment, such combinations, whether separable or combined into a
single device, seem to be available in two form factors, neither of
which is ideal:
1. USB-key sized devices, e.g.: Crypto Stick; Yubikey NEO;
conventional USB stick-sized readers (e.g. Omnikey 6121) + ID-000
(SIM) sized OpenPGP card.
2. Full-size (ID-1) card + reader.
In group 1 above, none of the devices I have found online offer secure
PIN entry.
In group 2 above, the smallest reader I have found online which offers
secure PIN entry is the ACR83.
My question to you is: does anyone manufacture a smart card reader
compatible with the OpenPGP card (or containing an implementation of
one) that offers secure PIN entry AND is (nearly) as compact as the
CryptoStick, NEO, etc? Bonus points if it is also waterproof,
tamper-evident, etc.
(I am imagining that such a device would physically resemble a
datAshur[1], LOK-IT[2], Flash Padlock 2[3] or similar, but perhaps
with an ID-000 card slot inside. If such a device doesn't yet exist,
then given the success of the CryptoStick and Yubikey NEO, I suspect
there would be a market for such a device; perhaps crowd-funded via
Indiegogo, Kickstarter, etc.)
Many thanks in advance for your assistance,
[1] [2] [3]

@_date: 2014-01-05 15:18:53
@_author: Sam Kuper 
@_subject: USB key form-factor smart-card readers with pinpads? 
Thanks for the warning :)
Please could you elaborate?
Security generally has to be weighed against convenience. Calluses are a
small price to pay for a secure PIN :)
Best regards,

@_date: 2014-01-07 15:28:10
@_author: Sam Kuper 
@_subject: USB key form-factor smart-card readers with pinpads? 
Dear Werner,
Thank you for your kind reply.
That is helpful. No question about this part!
I have several questions about this statement. If, after reading them,
you believe there exists documentation that should be able to answer
them, then please simply point me to that documentation.
1. The document "Functional Specification of the OpenPGP application
on ISO Smart Card Operating Systems, Version 2.0.1"[1] mentions
"PSO:DEC" but does not define it. That document also mentions
"PSO:DECRYPT" but does not define it. And finally, that document
defines "PSO: DECIPHER". Are these three terms synonyms, or do they
denote different things?
2. I assume that your "PSO Decrypt" means the same as "PSO:Decrypt" in
the specification document mentioned above. Is this assumption
3. When you say, "a power down or a reset operation", do you mean (a)
"the card is powered down or reset", or (b) "the host computer is
powered down or reset", or (c) something else?
That is somewhat disappointing to me, although perhaps that is because
my knowledge is limited and I am simply unaware of a good reason for
this behaviour.
Anyhow, am I right in thinking that, having verified the PIN and
decrypted a message, disconnecting the reader from the PC (or removing
the card from the reader, or both), would cause subsequent malicious
attempts to call PSO Decrypt, to result in failure (at least until the
card and reader have been reconnected to the host PC and the PIN
verified again)?
I can't find the string "PSO Sign" in [1]. Are you using it
synonymously with "PSO: COMPUTE DIGITAL SIGNATURE" (and/or "PSO:CDS")?
If not, please can you tell me where the "PSO Sign" command is
I can't find the string "forcesig" in [1]. Please can you tell me
where it is documented?
Many thanks,
[1]

@_date: 2014-01-09 17:42:44
@_author: Sam Kuper 
@_subject: USB key form-factor smart-card readers with pinpads? 
Perhaps I should be clearer about why I believe it is unquestionably
helpful for OpenPGP-compatible smart card readers to be trustworthy
and to have pinpads.
**Scenario 1: There is no doubt that the local machine is secure and
completely free of malware.** In this case, there is no need for a
pinpad; but there is also no need for an OpenPGP smart card. To
address other threats (e.g. physical theft), the user's auth/sign/enc
keys should of course be passphrase-protected; and they can
additionally be stored in and/or backed up to an encrypted folder, for
instance on a USB stick if portability is desired.
**Scenario 2: There is some doubt about the local machine, such that
the procedure outlined in scenario 1 is not considered sufficiently
secure.** In this case, storing the private keys on an OpenPGP card
will prevent them from being stolen; but any machine about which this
level of doubt exists cannot be assumed to safeguard the PIN(s) of an
OpenPGP card. Therefore, the solution here is to use an OpenPGP card
and a card reader with a pinpad.
I believe that in respect of any local PC, these two scenarios are
exhaustive. It follows that I don't see much (any) value in a card
reader without a pinpad.
Nevertheless, perhaps that belief is wrong. If so, then I'm happy to
stand corrected.
In the meantime, I hope I can find a small form-factor
OpenPGP-compatible smart card reader with a pin pad. I would be
grateful for pointers :)

@_date: 2014-01-11 21:05:48
@_author: Sam Kuper 
@_subject: USB key form-factor smart-card readers with pinpads? 
Perhaps I'm wrong, but I don't entirely accept this. Surely if you are
signing with a key stored in an OpenPGP card being used via a
pinpad-protected reader, then - because the malware will not learn the
PIN - although the malware could potentially corrupt the message being
signed (or prevent it from being sent, etc), it could not do so in
such a way that a conscientious recipient already in possession of the
corresponding public key would mistake a tampered message for a
genuine signed message.
I would *guess* that there are additional operations that could be
performed, without disclosing secrets (e.g. PIN; raw private key), on
a compromised machine using a pinpad-protected reader. For instance,
generating new keys. (Although the existence and correctness of any
such generated keys would then have to be checked on a trusted machine
before being used in earnest, so there would not be much point in
using an untrusted machine for this task.)
Small comfort if the malware, knowing the PIN, can *use* that key
material every time the card is connected!
I believe an attacker who knows the PIN and is able to execute
commands on the machine to which the card is connected (via
pinpad-less reader) has similar capability to an attacker who has the
private key file and its passphrase. His/her ability to decrypt any
messages in his/her possession is limited only by the bandwidth of
his/her connection to the relevant machine, the resources available on
that machine, and the alertness of that machine's legitimate
operator(s). Similarly re: signing and authentication.
True. (Equally true, incidentally, of a smart card being used *with* a
pinpad-enabled reader.)
Even so, this is a pretty small advantage, given that it would take me
only a second or two longer to type a passphrase a couple of dozen
characters long than it would for me to type a PW1 half a dozen
characters long.
And given that a USB flash drive is much more versatile than an
OpenPGP card, and can be as compact as a SIM card-sized OpenPGP card
(i.e. *without the reader*) and less expensive in total, it's arguable
that the overall advantages of such a flash drive outweigh the
convenience of a low-entropy PW1.
Allow me to "unignore" them :-) I assume that any agency likely to
have a chance of extracting a raw key from a sensibly passphrase
protected GPG key file, is likely to have a chance of successfully
extracting a raw key from a smart card's EEPROM; and vice versa. I'd
hazard a guess that the EEPROM attack is more feasible, but since I
can only speculate blindly on the matter, I prefer not to assume that
either technology has an advantage over the other in this particular
Best regards,

@_date: 2014-01-11 23:18:55
@_author: Sam Kuper 
@_subject: USB key form-factor smart-card readers with pinpads? 
Yes, as I said, it could tamper with the message. But if it does that,
then when a recipient attempts to verify the signature, gpg --verify
will give the message, "gpg: BAD signature". So, as I also said, a
conscientious recipient will not mistake it for a genuine signed
Well, ideally, yes...
... but in an acknowledgedly imperfect world, using an OpenPGP smart
card with a trustworthy reader with a pinpad is the next best thing.
For the reasons I've given - and assuming that passphrases/PINs of
adequate entropy/unpredictability are chosen in each case - I don't
think it does.
Perhaps we'll just have to agree to disagree.
You are right that my scope in this discussion has been the security-conscious.
I suppose that the individuals in the set of "people who are not
security-conscious enough to use adequate passphrases" might benefit
from using an OpenGPG card and a reader without a pinpad, over using a
key stored in an ordinary or encrypted folder.
Unfortunately, I also suspect that the set of "people who know enough
about OpenGPG cards to bother using one" has no intersection with the
set of "people who are not security-conscious enough to use adequate
Again, perhaps I am wrong. But if I am not, then the use of OpenPGP
cards with non-pinpad readers still makes no sense (at least, not to
Kind regards,

@_date: 2014-01-12 09:37:20
@_author: Sam Kuper 
@_subject: USB key form-factor smart-card readers with pinpads? 
On Jan 12, 2014 3:52 AM, "MFPA" <2014-667rhzu3dc-lists-groups at riseup.net>
Good point :)

@_date: 2015-03-19 11:35:36
@_author: Sam Kuper 
@_subject: USB key form-factor smart-card readers with pinpads? 
Yes, I'm getting to realise this. Ideally, it ought ought to be
possible to easily tell before buying a reader whether it does this or
Apologies for my delay in replying, btw.
Thank you for the links.
Again, I know of no easy way to discover the "flashability" of a
reader in advance of a purchase. No-one has collated this information
for popular readers, as far as I'm aware.
Readers really ought to require physical access (e.g. by means of a
jumper pin that would switch between normal functionality with
flashing disabled in order to be re-flashed.
Best regards,
