
@_date: 2005-04-07 16:54:05
@_author: Sean C. C. 
@_subject: GPG 1.4.1 over 1.4.0a upgrade 
I'm going to upgrade my GnuPG from 1.4.0a to 1.4.1. When installing 1.4.0a I used the instructions from  It has come to my attention that the installer for 1.4.1 uses this same pattern. My question is if I install it right over my old one should I be concerned about my keyring or binary or anything like that getting erased/becoming corrupted?
I'm using Thunderbird 1.0.2 / Enigmail 0.91.0 / GPG 1.4.0a (currently) / WinXP Pro SP2.
Thanks in advance,

@_date: 2005-01-08 09:58:34
@_author: Sean C. C. 
@_subject: GnuPG for Win (XP) Installation 
I downloaded the gnupg for windows freeware. But am a little confused about the installation process. I have PGP installed also, but plan on uninstalling it. I don't know if that affects GPG and its installation at all.
Anyways, I downloaded the zip and sig. The sig I ended up doing nothing with. I extracted the zip and according to the readme.w32 file copied the exe's to directory c:\gnupg. I also double-clicked on the .reg file to add those keys to my registry. I'm not sure what else I need to do. When I try to use the enigmail plugin for Thunderbird 1.0 it tells me that gpg can't find 'iconv.dll'. It was not included in the .zip file and the readme.w32 does not mention it at all.
In fact, the doesn't explicitly say to move any files to the C:\gnupg directory only to create it (or another directory of my choosing) and create the registry keys. Since I followed the instructions I'm *assuming* that the included registry keys should work. For what I'm not sure. Then to enter gpg and see what happens. Well, it would appear that when I did that from "my documents" it created public and secret keyrings in the c:\gnupg folder.
Below is what happens when I try to create a key:
C:\>cd gnupg
C:\gnupg>gpg --gen-key
gpg: error loading `iconv.dll': The specified module could not be found.
gpg (GnuPG) 1.4.0; Copyright (C) 2004 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
under certain conditions. See the file COPYING for details.
Please select what kind of key you want:
    (1) DSA and Elgamal (default)
    (2) DSA (sign only)
    (5) RSA (sign only)
Your selection?
Any help would be appreciated.
Thank you,
Somewhat Clueless Consumer

@_date: 2005-06-04 09:09:01
@_author: Sean C. C. 
@_subject: GnuPG Clearsign vs. PGP/MIME Signing 
Clearsigning is good because it allows anyone to verify the signature no
matter what their system. Some people like to use the current window
function of PGP and front-ends for GPG such as GPGshell. PGP/Mime is
good for sending mail to many people some of whom have no idea of what
PGP/GPG is. Using PGP/MIME the signature appears as an attachment as
'signature.asc'. For people who aren't interested in PGP they will
probably never see the attachment. The down sides to PGP/MIME are that
people who use Outlook and OE will not be able to see them correctly.
They will see a blank email with two attachments: 1) the signature and
2) the actual message.
DISCLAIMER: I'm still learning myself about PGP/GPG, so this may not be
exactly how it really is.
Dan Mundy said the following on 6/3/2005 8:30 PM:

@_date: 2005-03-16 08:14:07
@_author: Sean C. C. 
@_subject: 1.4.1 announced 
Hash: SHA1
After reading the announcement from cross-posted on the enigmail and
pgp-basics @ yahoo lists, and reading what minimal information is on the
gnupg.org website (I couldn't find anything on there other than the
download and a reference to a seemingly nonexistent NEWS file.) I
noticed that it speaks very little about upgrading. Actually this is the
only information I could find:
Are there any concerns with upgrading from gnupg 1.4.0a on win32 (WinXP

@_date: 2005-03-25 01:18:43
@_author: Sean C. C. 
@_subject: Total n00b asking for help 
1. First download GnuPG. They now have version 1.4.1 which has a windows
installer, so that should be easy enough. (I'm still using the previous
version which you had to unzip and move the files around.) I'm not sure
if you will need it but there is a link on the enigmail website for
libiconv The previous version requested it, so the new
version probably will too.
2. I'd upgrade to a newer version of Thunderbird. I believe Thunderbird
1.0.2 is the latest. You should be able to go to Tools > Options >
Advanced > Software Update > Update from within Thunderbird (same for
3. From the enigmail website download and install Enigmail 0.90.2.0.
You'll have to save it by right-clicking it and then from the Tools >
Extensions window in Thunderbird choose the Install button to install it
in Thunderbird.
4. After that you can create a key pair that you will use. You can
either use the OpenPGP Key Management window or the command line.
*DISCLAIMER* I'm fairly new to GnuPG/Enigmail/Thunderbird myself so I
don't know everything. The steps above I learned from installing it
myself just a couple months ago.
This advice is devoid of any Warranty for a particular purpose or
Warranty of merchantability or anything else you can think of. It's my
own experience.

@_date: 2005-05-19 20:58:14
@_author: Sean C. 
@_subject: problem with key import 
When I imported it using the webmail service I use it imported "successfully",
but showed something strange:
Name:             Punz, Christian; Z0005K1Y Siemens
Key Type:         Public Key
Key Creation:     10/21/02
Expiration Date:  [Never]
Key Length:       1024 Bytes
Comment:          [None]
E-Mail:           christian.punz
Hash-Algorithm:   [Unknown]
Key Fingerprint:  8CEBF2B3133CC3FD
Note that Hash-Algorithm is "Unknown".
"We must become the change we seek." -- Mohatma Ghandi

@_date: 2005-05-20 16:18:18
@_author: Sean C. 
@_subject: Keyservers and the future 
The idea is not that *you* as a user of email trust that email from an entire
domain is from a particular person or even that it is not spam. But that the
email can be verified when the receving server gets it that it really did come
from that domain claimed in the From: header. It would work domain level
between SMTP servers that send and receive mail between domains. The sending
server would have a key that corresponds to the domain(s) and then signs the
"primary" headers and message body and includes the signature as an additional
This would not be the end-all be-all of anti-spam tools. It would just be a
method to authenticate mail as really originating from a particular domain. You
would still use other tools (eg SpamAssassin, Norton, etc.) to figure out if the
sender is a known spammer/open relay or if the content is (like) spam.
The sending SMTP server?
The sending SMTP server?
No, it would be a header like
DomainKeys: RealLylOngStrInGoFLEtTerSanD902348529304850932478509238475
It would use a header. Also, it would be implemented at the server level not the
client level.

@_date: 2005-05-24 21:36:21
@_author: Sean C. 
@_subject: IBM to Provide Security w/o Sacrificing Privacy Using Hash Functions 
See comment at bottom.
Business/Financial Desk; SECTCTECHNOLOGY
I.B.M. Software Aims to Provide Security Without Sacrificing Privacy
By STEVE LOHR
624 words
24 May 2005
The New York Times
Late Edition - Final
Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company. All Rights Reserved.
International Business Machines is introducing software today that is intended
to let companies share and compare information with other companies or
government agencies without identifying the people connected to it.
Security specialists familiar with the technology say that, if truly effective,
it could help tackle many security and privacy problems in handling personal
information in fields like health care, financial services and national
''There is real promise here,'' said Fred H. Cate, director of the Center for
Applied Cybersecurity Research at Indiana University. ''But we'll have to see
how well it works in all kinds of settings.''
The technology for anonymous data-matching has been under development by S.R.D.
(Systems Research and Development), a start-up company that I.B.M. acquired
this year.
Much of the company's early financial backing came from In-Q-Tel, a venture
capital firm financed by the Central Intelligence Agency that invests in
companies whose technologies have government security uses.
S.R.D., now I.B.M.'s Entity Analytics unit, has worked for years on specialized
software for quickly detecting relationships within vast storehouses of data.
Its early market was in Las Vegas, where casinos used the company's technology
to help prevent fraud or employee theft. The matching software might sift
through databases of known felons, for example, to find any links to casino
By the late 1990's, United States intelligence agencies had discovered S.R.D.
and the potential to use its technology for winnowing leads in pursuing
terrorists or spies. After 9/11, the government's interest increased, and today
most of the company's business comes from government contracts.
The new product goes beyond finding relationships in different sets of data. The
software, which I.B.M. calls DB2 Anonymous Resolution, enables companies or
government agencies to share personal information on customers or citizens
without identifying them.
For example, say the government were looking for suspected terrorists on cruise
ships. The government had a ''watch list,'' but it did not want to give that
list to a cruise line, fearing it might leak out. Similarly, the cruise lines
did not want to hand over their entire customer lists to the government, out of
privacy concerns.
The I.B.M. software would convert data on a person into a string of seemingly
random characters, using a technique known as a one-way hash function. No
names, addresses or Social Security numbers, for example, would be embedded
within the character string.
The strings would be fed through a program to detect a matching pattern of
characters. In the case of the cruise line and the government, an alert would
be sent to both sides that a match had been detected.
''But what you get is a message that there is a match on record Number 678 or
whatever, and then the government can ask the cruise line for that specific
record, not a whole passenger list,'' explained Jeff Jonas, the founder of
S.R.D. and now chief scientist of I.B.M.'s Entity Analytics unit. ''What you
get is discovery without disclosure.''
To date, the software for anonymously sharing and matching data has been tested
in a few projects, but I.B.M. is aiming for day-to-day use in several
In health care, for example, more secure and anonymous handling of patient
information could alleviate privacy concerns in the shift to electronic health
records, potentially increasing efficiency and reducing costs, analysts said.
The technology, specialists noted, could also reduce the risk of identity theft,
especially if personal data held by companies were made anonymous.
Document NYTF000020050524e15o001dj
? 2005 Dow Jones Reuters Business Interactive LLC (trading as Factiva). All
rights reserved.
I'm confused though.
I just read this article from the New York Times. As a newbie to encryption and
hash algorithms I thought the idea behind hashes was that you couldn't
reconstruct the data from the hash.

@_date: 2005-05-26 22:24:08
@_author: Sean C. 
@_subject: PGP 8.1 message 
Perhaps the problem is that the sender is enclosing the public key block in an
inline signed portion of the email. When that happens the sending system will
modify the headers of the block by adding a hyphen and space "- " before the
other dashes. e.g.:
