
@_date: 2020-04-26 02:23:22
@_author: scott092707@aol.com 
@_subject: Passphrase window freezes my DE's panel - is this a bug? 
When I installed QtPass and started using it, I had to select a GPG passphrase, which I then stored in a file.
The first time I use QtPass after booting my computer, it asks for my GPG passphrase.
It then asks for it again, either after a certain number of minutes, or after a certain number of password uses in QtPass.
I got tired of always having to bring up my file manager, and then opening the file containing the passphrase,
and copy and pasting it into the passphrase field, each time GPG wanted the passphrase.
I created a .desktop file that contained an exe field containing a terminal command to copy the passphrase string
onto the clipboard, and dragged it into my panel's QuickLaunch.
Now, when GPG wants the passphrase, I just click on the .desktop icon in the QuickLaunch, and ctrl-v into the
passphrase window text field.
All was good.  Until...
Since the installation of the 2.2.20 GnuPG packages on my LXQt Debian Testing system, I am no longer able to do this.
I try to click on the .desktop file icon in the QuickLaunch, and nothing happens.
In fact, nothing in the panel is clickable - no other icons, not the menu - nothing.
Probably nothing else on the desktop/workspace is usable - it appears the passphrase window steals all possible input.
I just (4/9) did a apt-get upgrade, and I note that several GPG packages were in the list of installed upgrades,
being raised to 2.2.20 ("(2.2.20-1) over (2.2.19-1)")
I can get around this by cancelling the passphrase window, clicking on my icon, re-selecting the QtPass line that is
supposed to bring up the password and related info, and finally pasting the clipboard into the re-appearing passphrase
It is annoying to have to do this, though...
Is this a bug, or a (security?) feature?
I don't know which of the many GPG packages throws up the passphrase window, to know to which package a bug
report should be directed (if it is a bug).  I might have thought pinentry[*], but it is NOT one of the upgraded packages.
(I have pinentry-curses and pinentry-gnome3 (curiously, not pinentry-qt...), at versions 1.1.0-3+b1)
My QtPass is at version 1.3.2-1, and pass is at 1.7.3-2.
(My assumption is that QtPass is calling a GPG function that sometimes asks for the passphrase, or that QtPass calls
a pass function that is calling a GPG function that sometimes asks for the passphrase.)
I thought I had a way to make use of the passphrase easier, and now that way is removed - or at least made lots more
Any ideas?

@_date: 2020-04-26 23:53:24
@_author: scott092707@aol.com 
@_subject: Passphrase window freezes my DE's panel - is this a bug? 
The problem is, that even if I have a terminal window open into which I wanted to type xwininfo and xprop,
once the passphrase window appears, I cannot use the terminal or anything else - the passphrase window allows
nothing to happen until I enter the passphrase and click OK or click on cancel.  Then I could use the terminal and
type those commands, but the passphrase window I wished to query is gone after OK or cancel...

@_date: 2020-04-27 01:16:14
@_author: scott092707@aol.com 
@_subject: Passphrase window freezes my DE's panel - is this a bug? 
The problem is, that even if I have a terminal window open into which I wanted to type xwininfo and xprop,
once the passphrase window appears, I cannot use the terminal or anything else - the passphrase window allows
nothing to happen until I enter the passphrase and click OK or click on cancel.  Then I could use the terminal and
type those commands, but the passphrase window I wished to query is gone after OK or cancel... First of all, this did not happen until the other day - I have been using my "click on the launcher icon to copy the passphrase to the clipboard" system for months now, and it worked fine.
Secondly, I could write the passphrase down...  I could write ALL my passwords down, and then I would not need a password manager!
Not very practical.
Thirdly, the password manager itself copies passwords to the clipboard, to be pasted into input fields.
If using the clipboard is unsafe, then GPG would disallow its use in password managers as well, would it not?
If one is supposed to have long, complicated, difficult-to-remember-and-type passwords (which one cannot even
see when they are being entered!), then one HAS to use a clipboard to get them from where they are stored into where they are needed,
and the passphrase is supposed to be even longer (since it unlocks access to all the others).  There has to be a way to access the passphrase when the passphrase-entry window magically appears (which, naturally, is when one is short of time!)
Again - this disallowing of any input but that of the passphrase window is NEW.  It did not happen until recently.
