
@_date: 2019-02-01 18:20:22
@_author: Sheogorath 
@_subject: WKD with HTTP redirect possible? 
I have a domain with a catchall setup. So I wonder if I can just setup a
HTTP redirect to my main key so WKD works fine. So far it seems to fail.
The standard basically says that the GET request has to return the
binary key, which is quite unhandy in this case. I mean, not impossible
to build, but feels wrong to me.
Also, and that's not overly important, but given that WKD discovers a
key, downloads it and it's not containing the mail address, is this key
still used for the communication or is it ignored? Does it throw an error?
Even with `-vv` set I couldn't really figure out.
Version used (on Fedora 29):
gpg (GnuPG) 2.2.12
libgcrypt 1.8.4

@_date: 2019-11-01 22:06:12
@_author: Sheogorath 
@_subject: How to improve our GUIs (was: We have GOT TO make things simpler) 
TL;DR: It's about damage control.
This idea considers the email provider as an entity that the user
trusts in the perspective of not being an intentional eavesdropper. But
it counts in the possiblity that an email provider might gets
compromised and mail content is extracted or existing mails might be
searched. And that's what it tries to protect from.
All this can be achieved by proper rolled out OpenPGP, but we see that
we are not there (yet?). Something quite positive about the idea is the
fact that re-encryption of the emails happens which is something we
might should consider to simplify with gnupg as well.
When there is one problem with OpenPGP encrypted emails, then it's the
fact that we don't re-encrypt them on a regular basis (at least I don't
hear anyone talking about this). Cryptographic functions (or at least
their parameters) are aging rather bad, which means my 10 year old
mails might be easy to crack in 5 years because of whatever found
problem in the algorithm (or parameters used for it) from 10 years ago.
It's a cold storage problem that this approach seems to try to solve,
which is a rather refreshing idea, even when I agree that it has its
own set of problems.

@_date: 2019-10-07 22:59:53
@_author: Sheogorath 
@_subject: We have GOT TO make things simpler 
I'm sorry to disappoint you here: Neither ProtonMail nor Tutanota speak
proper OpenPGP (by default) with outside services. Tutanota doesn't
speak OpenPGP at all and completely bound to their own way of doing
Protonmail on the other hand is able to speak OpenPGP, they just don't
do it. Not even when you answer to a OpenPGP encrypted email, which will
result in the answer getting send to you in plaintext. And since a reply
contains a copy of the original email at the bottom you also get your
own, previously encrypted mail as answer without encryption.
I had this experience recently when sending emails with their support.
So it's not just a user error, but their UI simply doesn't think about
sending emails properly encrypted to the outside world. Sadly.
And no, making a mail account at each of those providers is no solution.
We have email to explicitly not run into this problem.
[1]:

@_date: 2020-08-29 16:17:51
@_author: Sheogorath 
@_subject: Brace yourself: User-friendly but broken OpenPGP is here 
Hello to everyone,
Today I got an encrypted email from a friend that turned out to be
undecryptable in first place. After my evolution integration failed, I
checked manually using gpg --decrypt.
This provided me with the lovely statement of:
gpg: encrypted with 4096-bit RSA key, ID FCB98C2A3EC6F601, created
      "Sheogorath "
gpg: decryption failed: No secret key
First I was confused as this was obviously my key, but why no secret
key around? I'm using a smartcard so maybe an issue there? A closer
inspection of the key ID showed that it was encrypted with my master
key. A key that is not marked to be used for encryption. So how the
heck did that happened?
Reaching out to the friend I was told that they were using
canarymail[1]. This email client for Mac and iOS claims to support
OpenPGP. Reaching out to my Mastodon followers I tried to reproduce the
issue with someone who never mailed me before and here it got even
better. They seem to discover keys using WKD. But they ignore expiry
dates and revocations on keys as they listed my old and, as mentioned,
revoked keys.
So if you get any undecryptable emails in the next few days. Don't
worry, your setup is not broken, it's probably just a Mac user using an
email client that didn't bother to implement OpenPGP even remotely
TL;DR: Canarymail[1] implements the encryption part of OpenPGP properly
but ignores all the key management parts. From selecting the right
encryption key to take care of revoked or expired keys. But they
provide a nice GUI and make it easy for people to use this broken
implementation so don't wonder if you get some email that require you
to get your master secret key out to read them, even when it never
allowed to be used for encryption.
I hope this email help the community to find the right people to fix
the problem. I tried to reach out to them via Twitter but so far, no
luck. And otherwise to spread at least awareness about the problem.
[1]:
