
@_date: 2005-09-04 19:40:13
@_author: Anders Breindahl 
@_subject: Transparent keyboards 
I believe you're missing the fact, that the OP uses a live-CD and USB-flash-memory. The only thing he has to care about then, is the hardware he's using [0].
By the way -- why Afghanistan, of all places?
Regards, Anders Breindahl.
[0] And the transport used, when he fetches the live-CD-images... And the way he accesses sites on the web... And the integrity of his home/workplace... And whether he leaves the live-CD when he goes to sleep... And whether the distributor of the live-CD-images has become corrupt... And whether the headers of the mail he sends are too revealing... And of course, the lone

@_date: 2007-04-18 09:10:17
@_author: Anders Breindahl 
@_subject: Quantum computing 
I was under the impression that quantum computers were about to provide
a break in factorization. From quick grep on Wikipedia, I find that:
    the best published asymptotic running time is for the general number
  field sieve (GNFS) algorithm, which, for a b-bit number n, is:
  O(exp(64/9b)^(1/3)(log b)^(2/3))
But for quantum computers, it'd seem that Shor's algorithm provides a
    Shor's algorithm is a quantum algorithm for factoring a number N in
  O((log N)^3) time and O(log N) space.
However, since large quantum computers are rather expensive, getting log
N space is so costly that it isn't relevant just yet.
However, I assume you know what you talk about, when you say that we
aren't likely to factor 256-bit-numbers ever. So please restate that --
even in the face of quantum computers -- we won't ever factor 256 bit
By the way, I realize that this is a more general question of gnupg's
life expectancy in a quantum computer world. But it's interesting to get
Regards, skrewz.

@_date: 2007-04-20 01:11:23
@_author: Anders Breindahl 
@_subject: Quantum computing 
Introductory cryptography in the middle of the night. Why would I miss
it? :)
Thanks for answering.
The executive summary being that increases in key sizes makes
traditional symmetric cryptography keep up with advances in quantum
computing, such as Grover's algorithm for searching the keyspace.
Which I also remarked in the original post. However, when (if?)
commercial interests grab a hold of quantum computing, huge leaps in
cost of production perhaps could be achieved, making memory-rich quantum
computers abundant -- at least, from my chair, there's no obstruction to
this future. (?)
Although this fight between attacking and defending computer security
measures is probably inevitable -- no final solution will probably be
found -- this pragmatism causes me to ponder the scenario in which
something like Rice' theorem could be established for quantum computers'
ability (or traditional computers' inability): Something that pops out
of the blue and shatters all hope for traditional cryptography...
Perhaps only in the long run, but still inevitably forces a move towards
other measures of security.
It's somewhat a political issue, too. Not that it can be solved
politically, but it has political consequences -- will cryptography (or
computer security in a more general sense) once again be for those who
can afford it?

@_date: 2007-04-20 09:09:06
@_author: Anders Breindahl 
@_subject: Quantum computing 
Well. Yeah. But the thing that was and is fascinating about cryptography
is that it -- assuming some model of computing -- is ``provable too
hard'' to bypass. I'm worried that the future holds in store revolutions
in computability that will shake those assumptions on ``too hard''.
This is in contrast to quantum cryptography, which, IINM, is provably
uninterceptable (but, unlike traditional cryptography, has many
weaknesses beyond the purely theoretical ones).
Again, if I got it correctly, Rice' theorem came into a world where
science was occupied with proving that this and that property was
undecidable. Something ``like'' Rice' theorem would in a similar way
alter the way that the scientific field is on.
I was mostly focusing on positive proofs, by which I mean those that
define what _is_ doable or assumable, rather than the negative proofs
that define what is undoable.
Both are convenient. However, the proofs that consolidate the security
of programs like gnupg, assume some model of computation... And in the
face of quantum computing, that assumption may (=has the potential to)
radically change.
So what I would love to see is some proof that -- even when faced with
this new model of computing, ignoring its practical limitations -- the
best-known attack on gnupg's algorithms takes factor ten of the lifetime
of the universe or would cost twice the energy of the sun.
Which can't be said of RSA on a huge quantum computer, if I understood
you correctly.
I haven't had my introductory courses in computability theory yet. I
don't know what that is, and will patiently wait for it.
Thanks for the lecture.
Regards, skrewz.

@_date: 2007-04-20 13:57:46
@_author: Anders Breindahl 
@_subject: Quantum computing 
[ Please interrupt if this is getting too off-topic. ]
Yeah, again. I completely agree on the practical aspect of it, but would
nevertheless like to see proofs of complexity that weren't dependent on
the current models of computations.
However, then you'll just invent the hardware-coming-in-3050 model, that
does all its calculations by solving RSA. Or whatever I aim to defend.
I was referring to the subject that is mentioned on the Wikipedia page:
Saying that ``there is no such thing'' seems harsh and as if you ignore
reality. The European Union put its hopes up for implementing a
``quantum cryptography'' network of communications. That sort of makes
the term real in itself.
Link to that statement in Danish:
That doesn't mean that it (quantum cryptography) by any means is
practical. It would seem from Werner's forward that it's so deeply
buried in its own infancy or -- more seriously -- inherent
technicalities, that it won't find any practical use ever.
However, quantum cryptography does have that nice inherent benefit, that
it _can't_ be eavesdropped, according to said article. That is, after
authenticity has been established and the line has been paid for:
    In Quantum Cryptography, traditional man-in-the-middle attacks are
  impossible due to the Observer Effect. If Mallory attempts to
  intercept the stream of photons, he will inevitably alter them. He
  cannot re-emit the photons to Bob correctly, since his measurement has
  destroyed information about the photon's full state and correlations.
I suppose that this is the feature that got the European Union's
Then take that for an example. My point is that proofs can alter the
heading of a scientific field in the time it takes to they're generally
I was merely assuming that such proofs existed. But, when I think again,
formal proofs of correctness are hard to get, too, so why would
common cryptography be provable?
It's the you-don't-know-that-question. *Probably*, it's secure, and all
data supports it, but it hasn't been proved to be secure. Therefore,
it's restricted to being ``probably'' or ``very probably'' secure.
Contrary to one time pads, which are provably secure -- where ``secure''
means ``unbreakable from theoretical standpoint, but with no thought
given to practical limits''.
I was told that one time pads were also used by the KGB, by the way.
Mini-books whose pages were to be burned after using.
Though it sounds sweet, it's beyond the scope of cryptography to ensure
such protection (to some extent, though, security should limit room for
personnel ``breakage'').
And you're right. Nobody needs a formal proof for any of this, since it
probably (in lack of a better word) is good/secure/strong enough. Or rather, it's very unproductive.
Many a problem stands open in mathematics and scientists spend their
lives on solving or proving them. However, progress is overall slow, and
computer science's overall more pragmatic approach gives *results*. And
many of us are grateful for that.
But the attractive part of focusing on the mathematical aspects are that

@_date: 2007-04-21 22:22:48
@_author: Anders Breindahl 
@_subject: Quantum computing 
I realise(d). See below.
A pretty good one, too.
In any case, if I want a model-of-computation-unbound proof of
difficulty, you'll simply invent a new model-of-computation that handles
my problem efficiently.
The point that you're telling me and I'm telling you is that such proofs
can't exist and aren't feasible to pursue.
``never'' is in this case based on one case of provable secure scheme
(that was notably difficult in implementation)?
I could easily imagine. Also, I assume that your systems limit room of
human control.
Regards, skrewz.

@_date: 2007-04-27 09:56:23
@_author: Anders Breindahl 
@_subject: Sign+Encrypt a message 
Manpage of gpg:
 --sign
 -s      Make  a  signature. This command may be combined with --encrypt (for a
         signed and encrypted message)
So simply call `gpg --sign --encrypt` with what ever other options that apply.
Regards, skrewz.

@_date: 2008-02-12 11:59:02
@_author: Anders Breindahl 
@_subject: Safe decryption with GnuPG? 
Use full-disk encryption, as has been stated before. That way, you can
be confident that nothing leaks into unencrypted places, since such do
not exist in the running system.
That I can't understand your motivation for. I suppose you're afraid
that once compromised, your adversary can't search through memory for
certain strings.
But he could still be monitoring your actions, and copy whatever data
you construct in RAM---including the adversary-readable bitmap.
As Robert stated, many of your other requirements are void, if your
adversary gains control of your machine.
Right, agreed.
I wrote a such script once, that satisfies much of (the serious amongst)
your requirements. Email me personally, if you're interested.
Other than that you may want to look at this vim plugin, which is along
the lines of what you seek:
But I still hold that your requirements for protecting against a
system-controlling adversary are silly! :)
Regards, skrewz.

@_date: 2008-02-14 22:02:03
@_author: Anders Breindahl 
@_subject: Safe decryption with GnuPG? 
I'm not under that impression.
Besides, a (pessimistic) 5/2 latency rise/speed decrease of swap is not
much of a loss. If one wanted speed, one would generally have to avoid
swap, anyway, and the major slowdown with swap lies in the mechanics.
My solution may just be an attempt at doing that. See below.
Right. But to that purpose, hiding from non-rootkit (?) cracks still
seem like a bad way of using your time. Leave the
assumption-that-the-administrator-doesn't-know-his-stuff work to
Microsoft, and let's assume that the user isn't compromised (or stupid).
It's not at all what you seem to want. But I've refactored a bit and
made it more serious. It's available at:
Regards, skrewz.
