
@_date: 2010-08-04 02:51:50
@_author: Snaky Love 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
I would like to better understand: is gnupg good for big groups?
I would like to encrypt communication in groups - not instant communication
like e.g. messengers like pidgin, but like on a forum or web-group - the
data persists in an archive,  where the communication can be read. Members
are coming and leaving a group constantly - that means if somebody leaves
the group, she should not be able to read the content decrypted anymore, and
if anybody attaches the group all the old content optionally must be
encrypted with her key so she can read all data belonging to this group.
well, maybe you get the idea. It?s basically like a forum or mailing list
with an archive.
With my understanding of gnupg I see no other way than to store the data NOT
encrypted - in a database or wherever, perhaps on an encrypted disc to
compensate for the data not being encrypted - and then to encrypt the data
on the fly with the pubkey of the user after the user logged into the
website and is checked to belong to the right group.
But doing this would be stupid, as it would basically use gnupg only for
transport - but there is already SSL and TLS existing for this purpose.
So is there any trick to encrypt data at creation time for unknown future
And how can I remove users from the group of allowed users without
re-encrypting the content? Is this possible to realize at all without having
to keep the original unencrypted content?
Is this scenario - group communication - not a use-case for gnupg at all?
Thank you very much for your attention!
Have a nice day,

@_date: 2010-08-05 19:46:50
@_author: Snaky Love 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
thank you very much for the interesting discussion.
About GSWoT - does this cover my described use-case? I don?t quite get it
from a first glance on the website...
Thanks again for your attention,

@_date: 2010-08-06 15:38:05
@_author: Snaky Love 
@_subject: Gnupg good for big groups? 
Hi David,
thank you very much for your explanation!
May I ask a few final questions about this issue:
- are there any tools at all that handle the "group crypto + archive"
use-case satisfactory? (Yes, PM me your ads :)
- what is the current state of research regarding groups and cryptography?
I am not a crypto-scientist, so my speculation might be laughable - but for
me it looks like there is a big vacuum to be filled with some new crypto
algorithms - considering that group-like applications are becoming
mainstream on the net - where is the crypto tool that will help us keep our
privacy within these "social" networks? How many people are working on this
and what are they coming up with?
Thanks again for your attention!
