
@_date: 2011-02-16 14:52:16
@_author: Steve 
@_subject: [gpgtools-org] GPGTools: short introduction 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256
Hi Werner,
thanks indeed for adding GPGTools to the mac section as well as to the prominent frontpage. There are still some old links in the mac-section on the gnupg website (Related Software > Frontends):
* GPGMail:  no longer exists, please update link to * MacGPG2: although the SF page still exists, it is planned to be deleted sometime in the far future. It is no longer updated/maintained. Please update link to
* All the best,
Am 15.02.2011 um 10:19 schrieb Werner Koch:

@_date: 2012-02-20 20:24:52
@_author: Steve 
@_subject: PGP/MIME use 
Robert replied: Mozilla is founded by Google. Without Google they would be gone. Googles business model is not to protect the user but to analyze him. That is not possible when you use mail encryption.
The question is still valid and imo, some pressure from the user community might help to bring Thunderbird to the point where it can be downloaded containing enigmail. That would be a huge step! The arguments by Robert seem to be rather minor compared to the huge benefit delivery of save communication would bring.
Imagine a world in which Windows and OS X are delivered with OpenPGP. I don't see why that should not happen. It's all a question of community requests and pressure on the according companies behind that OSs. That pressure could also take share in pure statistics: If people simply buy machines which come with build in OpenSource crypto. That would be the case, if average people (not like us who are subscribed to this geeky mailing list) become more security aware and realize that privacy matters). Call me idealistic, but I think it's up to the community to make that happen.
All the best,

@_date: 2012-02-21 01:55:29
@_author: Steve 
@_subject: PGP/MIME use 
Sorry. Funded of course. And to answer your question. No I wouldn't. But would you still trust OpenPGP if it was delivered with every chromebook? Maybe that wouldn't satisfy Google, but I never asked for encryption technology that satisfied Google.
You might be correct. But also we all know that if Google has access the US gov does have access as well (other expamples would be dropbox, twitter, ?). And although I might only tell my mom to buy 6 egg for a cake I'm going to make, I still don't want them to read that. Neither Google (which you say they don't  - but since we can't look into their internal mechanisms we'd have to trust them and if you ask me "do you trust google" I'd rather not) nor the US gov (which we know they do). Why again was it, that europe needed to sign swift-treaty?
Will do.
Hm, that was also bothering me with the other mails you wrote on this topic earlier. It's already very late here, so bare with me I'm taking this from remembrance. You said due to the fact that the world is very big and web of trust not used much, it can't serve as a good information tool since most likely the signatures will be from people I don't know. I'm not so sure about that.  Wonder why google called the grouping feature in G+ "circle"? We communicate and behave and live in circles. This list is just another circle. And I might know e.g. our beloved Werner Koch from another project than this list. Or I might know Robert from another context than this list. The context might be the same (e.g. computersecurity) but it will still be the same people because at any time only so and so much people are currently dealing with a certain topic with a certain level of expertise. Wouldn't that mean that actually the web of trust should work well?
I think the web of trust is an awesome idea and again (as with encryption in general) it's up to each and every human to make use of those tools. Eventually the web of trust might become very informative indeed.
Isn't the big difference that OpenPGP is a decentralized concept while S/MIME requires centralized infrastructure?  And I have to say, currently I'd rather go with decentralized. Again, it boils down to the question of trust. I'd rather trust the web of trust than an anonymous centralized entity for which I don't know why they are in this business and who exactly is behind  the curtain of a company name (there is no business with a decentralized web of trust and imo it's much harder to corrupt it).
See above.
Again, see above
I am well aware of that fact. I just wanted to add my thought to this very interesting discussion. And maybe it's us (the people on this list) that can make a change. It has to start somewhere?
All the best, steve

@_date: 2012-01-30 10:42:09
@_author: Steve 
@_subject: [META] please start To:  with gnupg-users@gnupg.org, 
Which is, why I don't understand why Enigmail still uses inline as a default setting?

@_date: 2012-05-22 21:28:39
@_author: Steve 
@_subject: Testing GPG EMail encryption 
Hey Robin,
I'll send you a testmail in a minute. I'm the guy from the GPGTools support discussion we had today.
Talk to you off-list.
If any of the GnuPG wizards like to chime in on the technical side on the bug tracker we're happy about any input.
Am 22.05.2012 um 20:06 schrieb Robin Kipp:
