
@_date: 2014-08-27 23:58:04
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: email verification as casual checking? 
Presumably you have an email address of the person for some reason,
whether or not you want to send secrets to that address depends on
where you got it. What you want to know is: how do you send those
secrets securely? If the keyserver has certified the key with a
challenge response protocol you've got your answer.
Ideally you'd have an email address and a fingerprint, but often you

@_date: 2014-08-28 13:18:55
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: email verification as casual checking? 
The process described isn't about validating the person, it's about
validating the key against an email address. If you're going to email
the person anyway you might as well have some confidence that you're
using the right key.

@_date: 2014-01-21 14:19:53
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: Any way for two correspondents to set up gnupg within a  few 
How do I prevent gnupg from using SHA1? Also how do I update my key to not use SHA1 digests which it appears to be using, as well as listing SHA1 as my second favourite algorithm.

@_date: 2014-01-21 19:14:10
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: Any way for two correspondents to set up gnupg within a few 
Thanks, that was quite helpful. I've found I can just delete the self signatures on my UID and replace them with better ones but I can't see a way to change the subkey binding signature.

@_date: 2014-01-23 22:50:23
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: Non email addresses in UID 
I've been thinking about UIDs in keys, rfc4880 section 5.1 says that by convention a UID is an rfc2822 email address but this is not a requirement[1]. Gnupg does enforce that restriction unless you explicitly disable it. It would seem to make sense to include other strings that can identify a user, many people have various URLs which could be said to relate to their identity, Facebook accounts, blogs etc... It could potentially be useful to be able to associate a key with these other identities, i.e. if you get an email purporting to be from someone you only know on a webforum it would be useful to be able to verify this. I'm curious what other people on this list think of this.
[1]

@_date: 2014-01-24 13:46:10
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: his public key is 5 monitors high, and her same key is 1 ? 
You can use the pgpdump tool to see all the data in a public key file. A given key might contain lots of extra data beside the actual key, like signatures and photos.

@_date: 2014-01-24 17:48:56
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: Non email addresses in UID 
This looks pretty cool, and does cover some of the things I've been
thinking about. I've been wondering about communications secured with
OpenPGP, it strikes me that it's not really necessary to even involve
SSL; and the nightmares that seems to involve. Does monkeysphere have
any aims to do complete connection security via OpenPGP?
The use case for this would match more closely what the GPG manpage and
the PGP key signing party protocol dictate; i.e. that participants
verify state issued photo Id to confirm the name of the key holder is
their "real name" - none of my state issued Id has my email address on
it. Plus it makes a bit more sense in the case of multiple UIDs, one
for your name and possibly many for your email address.
My thinking is that identity as it is used on the Internet (or
the world in general) doesn't really match the way OpenPGP is used. To
take an obscure example: some people have noticed that Github has no
verification that commits submitted in repositories are actually made
by the users registered with those name and email addresses with them,
nor can it. This makes it possible, and some trolls have, to
impersonate Github users. Git allows for signing commits with keys, but
there's not really any way to associate those keys with accounts.
Sticking the URL of a Github account in a UID field and having other
contributors to a project sign that UID makes it possible to cross
verify commits with users. Note that at no stage in this processes is
Github required to implement or do anything and no-one's state
confirmed identity is involved. Github could of course sign that URL
UID if they wished to without saying anything about the user's
passport. So I'm led to the idea that associating keys with areas on the web
where a person's work, writings, etc... are known is more important
than some sort of confirmation of a person's name, which is not even a
unique identifier. If, for example, you'd signed your commits to
monkeysphere I'd be able to verify your claim that you are a
contributor to it (not that I doubt, or have any reason to doubt that).

@_date: 2014-01-24 23:08:16
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: Non email addresses in UID 
OpenPGP is a packetised data format. There's nothing stopping it being
used to send a stream of encrypted and signed data packets. The main
thing you lose is the complicated and messy handshake at the start
which seems to be the cause of so many implementation bugs. You do
loose the possibility of perfect forward secrecy though.
It was more an idle musing than anything else though.
Well the simplest way would be if I signed my blog posts. It's easy
enough to verify that my emails and posts are signed with the same key.
Cryptographically easy that is, the existing tools are not so good for
this kind of method of operation.
Otherwise by usual web of trust means. If people who know me by other
means are convinced that that blog is mine they can sign that UID, in
the same manner as people could sign a photo attribute if they know
what I look like.
Finally there's the possibility of explicit verification, if someone
sends me a challenge and I publish that challenge's signature on my
blog then that verifies that I am in control of that private key and
can publish to that blog.
Which reminds me that I'd really like an email client that
automatically signs keys at level 1 (persona) of anyone who replies
with a signed email that quotes a significant portion of the text I
sent, as this effectively counts as a challenge response protocol in my

@_date: 2014-01-28 23:37:25
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: Non email addresses in UID 
The challenge would not need to be the sole content of the message that
is signed, so long as it is contained in the signed content. A simple
human readable message to the effect that the signature is for response
to a challenge should suffice. A more sophisticated approach would be
for OpenPGP to include a new signature type for this purpose.

@_date: 2014-01-29 17:24:36
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: MUA "automatically signs keys"? 
Yes, the message being sent would have to be encrypted for the
procedure to be valid, otherwise an attacker could read the mail and
spoof a response (after having already spoofed your communication with
the key server).
Well, it could be semi-automatic. I'm only talking about persona
certifications, which appear to be understood as verifying that the key
and the email address are under the control of the same person. Having
your mail client being able to determine that the key and the email
address seem to match and offering you a one click (plus passphrase)
option to verify that fact would be nice.

@_date: 2014-01-30 00:58:44
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: MUA "automatically signs keys"? 
Hash: SHA256
On Thu, 30 Jan 2014 00:04:17 +0000
The advantage you have here though is the web of trust. 1 level 1
signature would probably be not enough, but 5, 10, 100..? There comes a
point where you have to decide that a certain level of security is good
enough. An attacker that can MITM not only your communications with the
key server and your emails but that of all your friends can probably do
a lot more than just MITM communications - like insert custom hardware
into the supply chain rendering software based security useless.
Yes, I'd say it's the number of signatures rather than their age which
would lend trust.
Maybe, a lot of compromised actors have gotten away with it for a long
time. But that's a different story, all the trust in a person's key and
identity is useless if they're secretly working against you.

@_date: 2014-01-30 01:06:23
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: Non email addresses in UID 
Hash: SHA256
On Thu, 30 Jan 2014 00:22:08 +0000
Yes, in fact a policy url may be even more appropriate.

@_date: 2014-01-30 22:43:39
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: MUA "automatically signs keys"? 
Well therein lies my problem with the PGP system. It relies on the
notion of there being this singular thing called your identity. This
doesn't really match how people work in the world, it certainly doesn't
match how things work online. There are plenty of people I've known for
years by a particular name and using a particular email address, but by
the standards of PGP I haven't verified their identity so shouldn't
sign their key. In online communications so many people are just names,
urls or email addresses, their identity is just the things they've said
and published. If I was accepting a cheque from one of those people I'd
probably look for an identity confirmation, if I just wanted to talk to
them in probable privacy then a few other people saying effectively
"Yeah I've used that key for that person" is enough.
To put it somewhat glibly, if a friend introduces someone to you do you
ask for an affidavit that your friend has seen two forms of state issued
photo id before you'll talk to them?
Yes, entirely. As it stands however the standard thread model seems that
we have to assume that all attackers are the NSA.

@_date: 2014-01-31 09:24:17
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: MUA "automatically signs keys"? 
Hash: SHA256
On Fri, 31 Jan 2014 01:15:07 +0000
To be really pedantic the web of trust established by conventional use
of the OpenPGP protocol :-P
Well the conventions of use, for example the key signing party
protocol, requires photographic id. If I publicly sign a key it has to
be in line with how I expect others to interpret it. Policies and
notations on signatures go some way to alleviate that but only if the
tools support it.
Nope, the difference is that in real life I have good mechanisms for
being sure that the person I'm talking to today is the same as the
person I was talking to yesterday. To me, you are just an email
address, for all I know you're a dozen different people spoofing emails
to the list. If all your mails are signed with the same key then I can
at least assume all those people are working in concert :-)
The issue is that the tools around OpenPGP use are designed around the
idea that it's for verifying some fixed identity, whereas in this case
it's continuity of identity that's more important. If your key had
dozens of signatures at the persona level going back a few years then
I'd have a reasonable belief that you're not just a brand new identity
created for mischievousness (not that I'm claiming that you're
trolling, it's just an example). With notations you get a system of
distributed tagging, where identity becomes a matter of a collection of
attested to attributes. Obviously this could create a lot of noise so
you'd have a limited set of folks (including ephemeral Internet folks)
who's tags you trust, probably the same people who's signatures you
trust - which is handy. :-)
My mail client, and all the others I've used, is only interested in
whether I, or someone else, has certified that MFPA is your real name.
Certainly. This BTW is why I think anonymous cryptocurrency is a daft
Yes, I was being sloppy there.
True, "This person is a police officer and would like to know where you
were last night," might lead you to wanting to see id. It would be nice
to be able to cryptographically verify such things.
By standard threat model I'm extrapolating from what all the docs seem
to say. It appears to be an entity with the NSA's (purported) ability
to monitor and intercept the Internet but without their ability to hack

@_date: 2014-01-31 15:37:42
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: MUA "automatically signs keys"? 
RFC 4880 seems to be the primary documentation.
That's pretty much it. I wouldn't worry about tracking what other
people have seen though if I were implementing a scheme like this. My
thinking is more notations like "only-emailed at example.org=true". But
the point of the  part is that anyone can implement whatever
namespaces they want.
All signatures are on particular UIDs, and notations are part of
signatures, so you can sign as few or as many identities as you like.

@_date: 2014-01-31 16:09:39
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: MUA "automatically signs keys"? 
Well I was thinking of exporting at first, but it's too fraught with
problems. I would in general like to see more use of persona
signatures as certifying keys as good enough. Essentially I see the
requirements for certifying keys as a massive barrier to entry for
common use.
Greater integration of local signatures into mail clients would be
great though, essentially you could use your public key ring as an
address book. Currently none (AFAIK) even offer the security of the SSH
known hosts file of ensuring the same key is used as from the first

@_date: 2015-03-04 10:52:22
@_author: Steve Jones 
@_subject: Thoughts on GnuPG and automation 
I remember when we used to think this about the NSA or GCHQ taking in
every single email that crossed their borders.
