
@_date: 2014-12-04 11:41:40
@_author: Steven M. Sawczyn 
@_subject: GPG and Outlook 
I'm having trouble finding a really suitable way to get GPG and Outlook 2013
working together and would really appreciate some help.  I know of two
solutions and will outline the troubles I'm having with each below.  GpgOl plugin (included with gpg4win)
*         Does not stay activated, I need to reactivate each time I launch
Outlook 2013.
*         Does not allow me to clear sign a message, I can add an encrypted
signed message to the clear text, but nine times out of ten, that's not what
I want to do.
*         I have two Email accounts configured in Outlook and for some
reason, GpgOL insists on encrypting to my other account even though that
other account is not listed as a recipient anywhere in the message.
Outlook Privacy plugin (beta 18)
*         Installation on Windows 8.1 is tricky because of how the plugin is
signed (at least that's my limited understanding of it).
*         Plugin doesn't encrypt or sign until a message is actually sent so
there's no way to really verify that it's working correctly until it's too
*         Many times I've chosen to encrypt a message only to find that the
plugin sends the message unencrypted.
*         Plugin randomly seems to become deactivated.
If anyone could help with any of this, I'd definitely appreciate it.  As a
stopgap solution, I've thought of possibly using the Windows clipboard to
encrypt/decrypt, however, I can't find an easy way to do this with GPG4win
either.  Thanks in advance,

@_date: 2014-11-28 14:33:22
@_author: Steven M. Sawczyn 
@_subject: Can I convert a V3 key and is it even worth doing? 
Hello everyone, I have a rather strange problem on which I could use some
advice.  I am starting to use GnuPG again after a number of years and to
that end, have resurrected my original key generated with PGP back in 1998.
For the most part this key works well although since it's an older V3 key,
certain software packages have trouble importing the secret portion of it.
To be fair it's not like hundreds of people have my key, however, this key
is available on public servers and I like the fact that it's really the only
key associated with me.  My questions are:
1.       Is there any way to convert my V3 key to something newer?  My guess
is no, but ideally I'm wrong about this.
2.       Other than my experiencing problems with applications that don't
support the V3 key, is there any other really compelling reason to abandon
it in favor of a brand new one?
3.       If generating a new key is the best way to go, is there any way to
get rid of the older key off servers?  I could generate a revocation
certificate, however my understanding is that won't really get rid of
anything and my concern is that having two keys with the same Email address
could lead to confusion.
Thanks in advance for any help with this, I'm excited to be using GnuPG
again and want to make sure I get things working as well as possible before
trying to introduce others to it.

@_date: 2015-02-27 08:39:34
@_author: Steven M. Sawczyn 
@_subject: German ct magazine postulates death of pgp encryption 
It saddens me, but I have to agree.  Raising interest around PGP encryption
is easy, but when it comes to actually using it, that's when people seem to
back off quickly.  I'm not a developer, so have no idea what would be
required, but it seems to me that more focus is needed on making the
experience as seamless and user friendly as possible.  -----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, February 27, 2015 6:23 AM
The c't magazine is mostly well respected in Germany and the editors
have some valid points; the latest articles are by no means mindless
rants or PGP-bashing. The thought of letting PGP die as an e-mail
encryption mechanism for the "masses" (the non-tech-savvy average users)
and to have it replaced with something my mother could use is valid. The
c't editorial also clearly states that PGP works perfectly well and is
secure as long as keys are verified, but fake keys and people not
verifying fingerprints are a reality. Alice can't just send an e-mail to
Bob, she needs to acquire and verify Bob's public key first. Compare
this to transparent encryption like Apple's iMessage service uses and it
is not hard to answer which mechanism has better usability. I like and
use PGP like probably every subscriber on this mailing list, but the
number of people I can exchange PGP-encrypted data with is very low when
compared to the total number of my e-mail contacts.
Gnupg-users mailing list
Gnupg-users at gnupg.org

@_date: 2015-07-06 09:11:19
@_author: Steven M. Sawczyn 
@_subject: Question about GpgOL 
I?m trying to use the GpgOL plugin and am running into a hopefully solvable
issue.  Essentially, I want to be able to send and sign Email, but when I do
this, the signature is always opaque.  While I think I understand the reason
for using opaque, this essentially results in the message being duplicated.
Is there a way to change this behavior, so that my messages are clear
signed, or so that the signature is attached to the message?  Thanks for any help,

@_date: 2015-06-17 19:07:51
@_author: Steven M. Sawczyn 
@_subject: Teaching GnuPG to noobs 
In addition to explaining concepts, the biggest issue for me is simply the
steps one has to go through to get it working, steps that don't always
result in success.  This seems especially problematic for Outlook users, I
have yet to find a free solution for Outlook that works reliably.  And I do
try to find free solutions as even if they lack some advanced features
because getting people to pay for something that they're on the fence about
is itself problematic.
