
@_date: 2004-08-02 19:35:43
@_author: Stuardo - StR - Rodriguez 
@_subject: many questions 
Hash: SHA1
Hi there..  i'm new to the list and to GPG and i want to implement it in the office i work.. there are a lot of workes here, so I have many questions
1) Can I create all the keys in a single machine to export them to the other 2) I do not understand the trusting thing....
If I have a key - like a super key and it  y sign the other 100 keys (i think it is signing.. i just tell to "trus" the other keys)   then... in the other pc... i have trusted the super key....  Do i need to sign the other keys? or when I sign the super key, I trust every single key the super key has signed?
3) How do i set a key server where I can search for public keys?  like ... in mozilla-thunderbird... I can asign which is the key server to search for the keys.... I want to add there MY server instead of the ones of the list:
random.sks.keyserver.penguin.de, pgp.dtype.org, keyserver.kjsl.com, 4)  for windows mail clients  the one I think is the best is thunderbird... I I like the kmail style....   with the green background on a trusted mail...  how can get that on windows
I think those are the questions for now...  thanks

@_date: 2004-08-02 19:58:40
@_author: Stuardo - StR - Rodriguez 
@_subject: many questions 
Hash: SHA1
Hi there..  i'm new to the list and to GPG and i want to implement it in the
office i work.. there are a lot of workes here, so I have many questions
1) Can I create all the keys in a single machine to export them to the other
2) I do not understand the trusting thing....
If I have a key - like a super key and it  y sign the other 100 keys (i think
it is signing.. i just tell to "trus" the other keys)   then... in the other
pc... i have trusted the super key....  Do i need to sign the other keys? or
when I sign the super key, I trust every single key the super key has signed?
3) How do i set a key server where I can search for public keys?  like ... in
mozilla-thunderbird... I can asign which is the key server to search for the
keys.... I want to add there MY server instead of the ones of the list:
random.sks.keyserver.penguin.de, pgp.dtype.org, keyserver.kjsl.com,
4)  for windows mail clients  the one I think is the best is thunderbird... I
I like the kmail style....   with the green background on a trusted mail...
how can get that on windows
I think those are the questions for now...  thanks

@_date: 2004-06-17 20:24:45
@_author: Stuardo - StR - Rodriguez 
@_subject: new with GPG 
Hash: SHA1
Hi there...
I'm new here. And I'm starting to use GPG where I work and I would like to know how to use gpg with with Windows. Anyone here using it with Outlook and/or Outlook express?
Is there an alternative to Outlook/Outlook-express for windows that uses GPG?

@_date: 2004-06-18 18:22:27
@_author: Stuardo - StR - Rodriguez 
@_subject: new with GPG 
Hash: SHA1
ThunderBird is a replacement for Outlook-Express
But What about Outlook - the one with the calendar, and notes and etc etc..
ThunderBird does not have all this thinks..
Anyone knows about a good replacement for Outlook full for windows with GPG
