
@_date: 2013-11-02 21:36:32
@_author: Stan Tobias 
@_subject: gpgsm and expired certificates 
To the defense of MFPA, he was speaking of government based *organisations*.
Organisations don't have a conscience.  People are a different kind, they
often work for you against general policies, if you can interpret signs
correctly and cooperate.
Kindly, Stan Tobias.

@_date: 2013-11-02 22:08:56
@_author: Stan Tobias 
@_subject: Quotes from GPG users 
that some corporate type people seem to have an irrational distrust to
anything "free".  When I tried to introduce GnuPG as part of a solution,
I had a feeling they treated it as a second rate implementation by a
bunch of amateurs.
It's not a real quote, I'm afraid, but if I could propose a slogan,
it would be something like:  "GnuPG is mainstream".
Stan T.

@_date: 2013-11-11 00:03:53
@_author: Stan Tobias 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
This is a "technicality" that can be fixed by sending and an encrypted
unknown message and awaiting a decrypted version, just as you've described
elsewhere.  I haven't tried to cover every minute detail of verification,
my general idea is to replace direct contact with electronic signed
messages, after having properly initialized the exchange (verified, etc.).
The question is: do signatures supply an authenticated channel which
can serve instead of physical contact, or not?  For me, at this point,
the question is still open.
I've been reading subsequent discussion, I think Leo Gaspard has made a
few excellent points.  I have nothing significant to add here.  I have
one question, though.
My understanding is that e-mail verification by sending encrypted message
is part of identity verification (it defends against petty fraud, but
that's the least we can do).  Why is it important to verify the owner
can _decrypt_ a message?  Can you sketch a problem this verification
defends against?
Stan Tobias

@_date: 2013-11-11 00:28:11
@_author: Stan Tobias 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
You verify the key(s) by inspecting them and drawing conclusions.
You have a mathematical proof in front of your eyes.  If "verification"
is not gathering evidence (for building certainty, or strong belief),
then what is it?
Stan Tobias

@_date: 2013-10-22 17:01:28
@_author: Stan Tobias 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
I somewhat disagree.
I think we deal with two separate problems here: 1. identification of a
person, and 2. certification of the key.  The latter is about the person
claiming use of the key, i.e. you vouch that the person told you "This
is my key".  Making a certification is *not* a confirmation of an identity.
At key-signing parties you "identify" a person by looking into his
documents.  But this is not a real identification - almost none of us
has means to confirm an identity, which is a job for a detective.
By looking into someone's documents we only check the person has
a title to use a particular name (i.e. is known by this name to others).
(The person remains as anonymous as he was before showing his ID.)
So my conclusion with regard to the OP's question is that an
identification performed by a corporation is good enough to believe
that X is X.  However, a certification signature by a corporation on
X's key (which by itself does not state anything about X's identity)
is not enough to know X claims that key - you have to hear it from
X himself (in order to leave your certificate).
Stan T.
P.S.1 I've presented my position as a set of assertions, but I don't mean
      to stand entirely by their correctness;  I humbly await comments.
P.S.2 Sorry to be a late-comer to the discussion - initially I had some
      difficulty to formulate the problem; this is my second writing.

@_date: 2013-10-23 19:26:58
@_author: Stan Tobias 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
Then by checking your documents he casually confirmed your identity with
some low probability of error (taking some assumptions).  But if I were
him, I wouldn't tell I could _vouch_ for it (your identity, that is;
documents are no proof).
(I believe you, but where does it say so?  I couldn't find it in rfc4880.)
Then I probably should never sign any key.  I'm only certain of what I
can prove, and then I can merely believe my logic didn't have any flaws.
I was triggered by your earlier statement "I am vouching for the identity
of X."  This is one of the points I made: we can only establish a belief
in someone's identity.  What we vouch for is that the person is willing to
use the key (we might call it "identifying the owner", which is not the
same as establishing that X is really X).  That's probably not everything
we vouch for, if you care to read to the end.
Later someone discussed a paradox (they used the word "dichotomy",
but I think it's a wrong word here - maybe they wanted "dissonance"):
The paradox is removed when we realize that the notary's signature is
not a statement about the identity of the person.  One may assume the
corporation's proper personal identification, but one cannot derive from
the notary's signature the person's willingness to use the key (iow -
ownership of the key).  That is what only that person may communicate
to you (and by making a cert you become a witness to the fact).
I've thought up these similar cases, where the will of the person is
communicated through a signed e-mail:
1. Corporation establishes identity and signs the X's key.  Then, X
   e-mails you "I use key 0xABCDEFGH".  The message is signed with the
   same key.  Can you sign his key?  There's no reason to disbelieve
   the identity (established by the corporation).  The question whether
   to believe the authenticity of the message seems to hinge on the
   truthfulness of the corporation's certification (Have they signed
   the right key?  Are they pulling some joke?).
2. Same as 1., but X's key is also signed by a few of your good friends,
   who have personally checked X's ownership of the key - the probability
   of foul play is infinitesimal.  Would you sign now?
3. Your own cert is involved.  You sign X's key K1.  Then X sends you
   "I also use key K2" signed with K1.  Will you certify K2?
Signing X's key would feel to me a bit like proving a theorem by
assuming it is true, but then I don't see where exactly it would be
wrong to sign in the last case.  It seems that in vouching for the X's
will having been communicated to us, we also want to include the fact
that the communication channel is independent - but of what?

@_date: 2013-10-24 01:15:04
@_author: Stan Tobias 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
No, there's no paradox.  Any liar will screw your parameters.  Notary's
signature is only accidental; it doesn't matter whether someone bases
his certification on tarot, clairvoyance, dowsing rod or some else's
signature - neither of these allow to draw conclusions about the usage
of the key.
I use these interchangeably.  A user of a key is normally called "key
owner" (I think).  You become a key owner when you create a key (pair)
and decide to use it (where using implies protection of secret part,
appropriate uids, etc).  You may create a key pair for fun, but without
your will to use it that key does not "represent" you, iow you're not the
"owner" of the key.
I don't quite follow your thoughts.  But maybe this will better clarify mine:
If I saw X create a key pair right before my eyes, with appropriate uid
"Mr X", with a long password, with evidence he can encrypt/decrypt/sign,
on a disconnected computer, and in a Faraday's cage, in an underground
bunker; but if he didn't express to me his *will* to use the key,
I would *not* sign it.
Whether a key owner "shares" his key with someone or something else,
is irrelevant.  You cannot prove it, he may start "sharing" later, you
have no control over it.  I'd say it's his responsibility and his fault.
Anyway, this information is not part of your certification (you don't
certify that he uses his key correctly).
(Below is an extension to the above discussion, and a kind of
counterpoint, where I actually do try to find a paradox.  I like to
argue with myself.)
:-|  Hmm... I dunno.
The common thread behind these cases is that X announces (more-or-less
directly) to you his usage of a key, but his communication is
authenticated only by WoT.  In case 2. signing his key is somewhat similar
to what we were discussing above: the certs are not actually the reason
for you to sign, but they are the reason why you believe it is X who is
communicating with you, and the *only* reason.  If you don't think it's
enough to certify his key (at which point does it happen?), then why do
we believe WoT authenticates anything?  Why do we accept, for example,
a conversation by telephone to validate a key fingerprint?
But then cases 2. (2a) and 3. differ basically by your cert being
included in the set.  If you wouldn't certify in case 2., why would you
in case 3?  But then again if you wouldn't certify in case 3., then don't
you believe your own certification?  Or the safety of the communication?
So what do we sign messages for in the first place?
Case 3. is unlike the others in that two X's keys are present (it
couldn't be constructed any other way); for completeness, it might be
worth formulating one more intermediate case:
2a. Same as 1., but X's key (K1) is also signed by a few of your good friends,
   who have personally checked X's ownership of the key, and X sends you
   "I use K2" signed with K1.  Would you certify K2?
If for some reason you would sign in cases 2a and 3, but not in case 2, X
could trick you: sends you "I use K2" signed by K1 (K1 certed by friends
which you trust), and you sign K2.  Then X sends you "I use K1" signed
by K2 (certed only by you yourself), and you sign K1 (case 3).  K2 may be
revoked now.
I know.  No keys were harmed in the making of my post.  :-)
Too long - sorry.

@_date: 2013-10-24 19:27:42
@_author: Stan Tobias 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
Is that the only requirement?  Then I have fantastic news for you!
You'll no longer have to visit your friends around Alpha Centauri to be
able to certify their keys.
A new system will be developed, called ClosedGPG (Galactic Privacy
Guarantee).  It will provide services such as signatures (for
authentication) and key certificates.  The certificates will be backed
by LoH (Line of Hope) scheme (can't give you specifics - not been
invented yet).
It works like this:  When your distant friend creates a new OpenPGP key,
he only needs to send you the message "I use this key: [base64 OpenPGP
key snipped]" signed with his ClosedGPG key.  By invoking LoH system
you validate his ClosedGPG signature and convince yourself the message
is authentic, all entirely outside of WoT.  Now you can safely sign his
OpenPGP key with yours, and send it from your cottage on Mars to your
friends working on Titan.  All in measly four years!
(If you wondered - of course, certifications of ClosedGPG keys have
a requirement to be done outside of LoH.  For this purpose you employ
OpenPGP backed by WoT scheme.)
Best regards, allow me some time for answering other parts,

@_date: 2013-10-28 09:51:30
@_author: Stan Tobias 
@_subject: trust your corporation for keyowner identification? 
Because you said that the presence of notary's cert-sig diminished the
trust in someone else's certificate:
I say it does not, because basing one's certification on that of the
notary is not [the same as] basing one's certification on the notary's
verification efforts.
Someone who bases his certification on someone else's, *is* a liar.
The notary's certification says "X has told me he uses this key".  One
cannot just look at it and honestly state the same without consulting X.
An interesting question is if it is allowable for someone to certify
X's signature (while contacting him personally), but where the personal
verification (X is really X) is performed by the notary, but the said
someone only has seen a signed (normal sig) statement by the notary,
while not having actually contacted the notary.  (In short: ownership
verification in Real World, but personal verification done remotely.)
I don't mean to argue against it, but I just don't see it.  Can you
show me, or point me to where it is shown, why recursive reliance on
valid certificates (or in general, signatures, WoT or not), for purpose
of certifications, can lead to undesirable effects?
Yes, that's what I've assumed: the WoT is "booted" correctly, in the
real world.
Yes, but by remote communication.  The reasoning goes like this: The
signature is validated by my certificate (or, in case 2a, by my friends'
whom I trust fully).  The message is authenticated by X's valid signature,
therefore the message has not been tampered with and its author is X.
X says he uses a new key K2.  Because I've got this message from X,
I have verified the ownership of K2, so I can sign it.
What's wrong with this reasoning?  Besides that, I don't see why I should
distinguish my certificate from the ones of my friends, if I trust
them all equally?  My owner verification of K1 was only relevant for
making proper certification; after that it's just another certificate.
(It might be worth considering a case where my friends are nodes of
a distributed machine, which were programmed by myself to trust each
other ultimately.)
I was rather assuming perfect host security (for simplicity), but
allowed human errors, and, of course, dishonest attackers.  Possibility
of stealing a key means we can no longer trust any communication.
(In particular, case 3 is no longer permissible, because I cannot
be sure it is actually X who is sending me the message).
Or, if you don't mind 2a, then you shouldn't mind 2 either - essentailly
it's a proof they're equivalent.
My tongue-in-cheek answer was meant as a reflection over two things: all
crypto systems are essensially equivalent in sense they offer the same
primitives, and they don't open a different channel for communication.
We build our beliefs either on our own experience, or we trust what
others say.  WoT is just another technical realization of the latter, and
communication authenticated through ClosedGPG did not offer any more
advantages than through OpenPGP.
As to phone conversation, this is just another means of exchanging
information.  In my understanding, a second channel is opened only when we
can recognize someone by voice and we can get additional clues about who
we speak to.  So, for example, calling my bank if I don't know the person
I speak to is no different than sending an e-mail.  I don't understand how man-in-the-middle fits here, I was explorig an idea
if a trust (belief) once correctly initiated could later be transferred
purely remotely (electronically), without physical contact.
Documents (e.g. a passport) are just a paper medium of communication (as
in: "Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of paper"),
authenticated by some unique features of hand written signature, rubber
stamp, prints on the paper etc.  One thing I cannot grasp is why some seem
to think it's sufficient when I compare the photo, but not when I rely
on electronic signatures.
