
@_date: 2001-10-17 17:54:06
@_author: Sylvain Soliman 
@_subject: GnuPG and French law 
Hello,
  I'm a quite recent GnuPG user, and my main use is that of signing/verifying
signatures, which as you may know is now completely legal in France.
  However, if I were to encrypt a message for somebody whose key were
bigger than 128bits, I'd be considered a very bad boy by French law... :(
  This fact has never been a real problem, but I was wondering if GnuPG's team
was aware that filling a (quite) simple form (in French!!!) and sending it to
the administration, would allow, after the usual administrative delay, a
completely free use of GnuPG for any French citizen.
  PGP already has the approval of the administration for some of its versions,
thanks to a demand from Network Associates France. Has anybody already applied
for GnuPG? If so what was the result? Else, why?
  Thanks in advance,
P.S. Please Cc me in your answers as I'm not (yet) subscribed to the list

@_date: 2001-10-18 10:15:02
@_author: Sylvain Soliman 
@_subject: GnuPG and French law 
As far as I can see from reading and re-reading French law, it's not the
algorithms that are concerned but the KEY SIZE (if that was implied from what
you said, sorry, I just don't know much about cryptography...).
  I don't mean it makes any sense, I just try to state what is in that
(stupid?) law.
  Actually, what is written on the form seems to imply that you need to be
a company or an individual representing the "provider" of cryptographic
tools. There's absolutely no definition of what that means, but I guess that
almost anybody of those you mention could do it.
  I understand that, but I guess that even doing it only once could be enough
for most law-conscious French users to be relieved.
  I also think that encouraging such a behavior from the governments is not
good, however I must say that, working for that same ministry of Defense that
asks for such a form, and trying to promote there the use of open source
products and of cryptographic tools, I often find myself stopped because of the
"easy" answer: "this is not allowed by the law!".
  Being able to state that GnuPG is on the same legal level as PGP could allow
me to continue my speech and give all of its advantages...
