
@_date: 2003-08-21 16:56:02
@_author: thomas schorpp 
@_subject: Smartcard Support, open system security, law,( certificate sig removed) 
Hash: RIPEMD160
im against and dont like using smartcards due to certain security flaws with
its whole system:
- - it makes no sense to protect and provide electronic signatures with
strong algorithms and then using weak smartcard pins of 4-6 decimal digits,
this would be the way of the german signature law (SigG) and its well known
providers regtp (the old bundespost), bmi, tuvit, d-trust...
- - the cards and its commercial systems will be hacked, loosed,
pin-compromised faster than you think.
- - the reasonable use of smartcards to protect data requires protecting the
pin in a encrypted file using a strong passphrase in brain only and never to
loose on a personal high secure mobile unit or a workstation (staged
concept), i'm doing so with the insecure pin numbers of my credit and ec
bank cards.
for such a project we need not only open software, we would need OPEN
HARDWARE systems of intelligent mobile devices (a stupid smartcard or
usb-stick isnt that way), too.
maybe off-topic, if this discussion is going on elsewhere please let me
besides, our open sytems should include the ability to handle the TWO
personals needs of a todays electronic individual or organisation (juristic
persons): we need 2 personal signature/encryption keys/certificates, one
requires privacy and anonymity in electronic worlds, the second requires
acceptance by at least by DIRECTIVE 1999/93/EC OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT
AND OF THE COUNCIL of 13 December 1999 on a Community framework for
electronic signatures
Code 5 Part 2, says, a court has to recognize signatures even NOT approved
as "qualified" by national authorities(!).
not to mention international treaties.
that would be our chance to bridge between the nowadays seperated systems,
accepted for both individual needs, otherwise commercial systems and
microsoft will lead in the future. gnupg is therefor funded in part by the
german ministry of economics to adopt later in civil "government"(?). so
politics is in here, too, dont miss it!
Key ID: 0x31E21ABA

@_date: 2003-08-21 18:06:02
@_author: thomas schorpp 
@_subject: WG: [WINPT USERS] WinPT Smartcard Support 
Hash: RIPEMD160
hi allen,
"So to hack any info from the
smart device one would have to get the smart device password, then crack
the symmetric passphrase, then finally crack the secure key passphrase.
They would have to do this even before they have access to the encrypted
symmetric passphrase also on the smart card."
no, not necessary, there are successful attacks using electron microscope or
electronic current analysis with algorithm cryptanalysis to recover secret
data on cryptographic processors, and many side-channel attacks more. :)
the maxim i-button could be a reasonable way, but we need OPEN specs for a
openpgp smartcard project, i could not get any specs from infineon or maxim
at this time. THATS NOT THRUSTWORTHY.

@_date: 2003-08-21 18:52:02
@_author: thomas schorpp 
@_subject: AW: Smartcard Support, open system security, law,( certificate sig removed) 
Hash: RIPEMD160
why? there are enough known side-channels to attack. take a good look at the
pay-tv, moneycard hacker scene...
no. i dont agree. the pin protects my electronic signature itsself in a
staged model.
if it would not be so, we could trash the whole thing.
this is the ec bankcard and creditcard problem.
not a problem finding a lost smartcard if they spread next years.
no it wont, search the internet for well documented attacks, a open SW/HW
source box would be much stronger.
insulated debian (embedded) linux...?
the commercial sources YOU prefer to trust here would indeed! (NSAKeys,
a open SW/HW source box would be much stronger.
insulated debian (embedded) linux...?
i expect at least only devices with the most open specs more than just
mentioning ISO's to adopt here.
a-ah, so-so :)) AND ONE WANT TO HAVE IT FROM YOUR INC G10, dont he/she?
all marketing bla-bla (vertrieblergewasch) :[
no, i wont trust this concept for the above mentioned reasons.
hopefully some cryptanalysis guys and many (freedom of information) hackers.
you didnt understand. read again, please. we must include lawful signatures
in nearer future.
i wont buy nothing :]
Gnupg-users mailing list

@_date: 2003-08-21 19:35:02
@_author: thomas schorpp 
@_subject: smartcards, SIEMENS trashed them years ago... 
another reference against smartcards, buttons, ...
siemens germany tried it years ago, mentioned on very internal papers:
the whole field try was a DISASTER :]

@_date: 2003-08-21 19:43:02
@_author: thomas schorpp 
@_subject: AW: WG: [WINPT USERS] WinPT Smartcard Support 
where? link please. cant find it.
NO! DONT DO IT! Not before full analysis of known attacks and tests!
whats about my mentioned side-channel attacks?

@_date: 2003-08-21 20:09:07
@_author: thomas schorpp 
@_subject: Smartcards, one alternative solution to it..? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
for workstation:
what about booting a secure protected mode virtual machine minimal open
source linux box within a normal-use os?
all security software and secure shells, mails, document editors running in
this box?
modern processors protected mode should work well...
is there a open counterpart to vmware?
maybe a solution.
for mobile:
< thinking... >

@_date: 2003-08-21 20:48:03
@_author: thomas schorpp 
@_subject: AW: Smartcards, one alternative solution to it..? 
Hash: RIPEMD160
if i read the msdn right, thats not the thing i suggested, cause its no real
pm, even if running from processor ring 0.
and the politics behind that is a completly different, you know it.
locking safe pages in virtual menory has pgp already done...?
why?, please let me learn...
please tell me your alternative to smartcards.

@_date: 2003-08-22 14:29:03
@_author: thomas schorpp 
@_subject: Smartcard Support, open system security, law, i'm standing down and apologize 
Hash: RIPEMD160
hi guys,
since i've been the only one against smartcards and since the declared
circumstances with the openpgp smartcards ARE REASONABLE AND ACCEPTABLE, i'm
hereby standing down.
i'm sorry and apologize, especially to mr. koch, for being rude. but i had
to be provocant to learn about you guys ;).
i like this project and if you got some work for me, please feel free to
assign to me :).
skills are electronics engineering, software engineering, project
management, SPI, SW-QA/QM, ergonomics, PKI, MKI, law, and many more.
go on with the great work.

@_date: 2003-08-22 22:49:04
@_author: thomas schorpp 
@_subject: open pgp on smart devices, maxim/dallas ibutton,(the very)  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
Hash: RIPEMD160
seems, maxim/dallas dont trust their own best products...:
5. LIMITED WARRANTIES. DS expressly disclaims any warranty for the Java
powered iButton product other than replacement of a returned defective Java
powered iButton for one (1) year. The Java powered iButton product AND ANY
RELATED DOCUMENTATION, IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NONINFRINGEMENT. THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE
Java powered iButton REMAINS WITH YOU. DS is under no obligation to issue
new Java powered iButtons.
6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law, in no event shall DS be liable for any special, incidental, indirect,
or consequential damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages
for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business
information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or
inability to use the Java powered iButton or the provision of or failure to
provide Support Services, even if DS has been advised of the possibility of
such damages. In any case, DS' entire liability under any provision of this
Agreement shall be limited to the greater of the amount actually paid by you
for the Java powered iButton or US$4.00. Because some states and
jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability, the
above limitation may not apply to you. You assume the entire risk for theft,
damage, destruction or loss of the Java powered iButton during the term of
this Agreement and thereafter.
... a 4-60$ guarantee, eu providers must guarantee with 250.000? euros.
cant find any open hw specs, neither.
