
@_date: 2016-08-03 17:37:00
@_author: taltman 
@_subject: Advice on key set-up for work at employer 
Hash: SHA512
I would like people's advice on the optimal set-up for the following
I would like to use GPG encryption at my work, both for encrypting files
and for protecting email correspondence. The trick is that I can image
that at some point far in the future, if I need to leave my work for
whatever reason, they'd want access to those files.
The threat model here is, as an employee, I want to protect the
corporate data as best as I can, but I trust my employers to have access
to their own data. In other words, I'm not trying to hide anything from
my employer. I also anticipate that while unlikely that they'd be
interested in getting access to this data, I still need to provide a
mechanism for them to retain access. I'm assuming that this will involve
giving them access to the keyring files, and the password to the keyring
Assuming that I couldn't just re-encrypt everything to a different key
at that far-flung date, and that I wouldn't want to forfeit my private
key and password to my personal GPG keyring, I think that the following
set up would be optimal:
1. Create a new GPG keyring specific for my identity with my employer
2. Cross-sign my existing personal GPG key with the employer-specific
GPG key
3. Do proper key hygiene things (backups, revocation certs, etc.) on
employer-specific key
It seems with this set-up I can simply just turn over the password to
the private key of the employer-specific GPG keyring if I'm ever
obligated to give them access to their files. This keeps a nice clean
separation between their property, and my personal GPG keyring. When it
comes time to end my time at the employer, I can revoke the
employer-specific key. If I no longer am able to use the
employer-specific GPG keyring, I can at least revoke my signature of the
employer-specific keyring if my former employer gains the password to
the keyring.
As far as I can tell, just creating a separate employer-specific set of
signing/encrypting/authenticating sub-keys wouldn't be sufficient, but
I'm open to someone showing me that I'm mistaken.
I'd be interested in hearing people's thoughts on this scenario. Thanks
in advance!
Best regards,
~Tomer Altman

@_date: 2016-02-17 21:18:32
@_author: taltman 
@_subject: More information on new 'external password managers' feature? 
Hash: SHA512
To whom it may concern,
I read with great interest the following GnuPG blog post, that made
reference to a new feature to integrate gpg with 'external password
Where can I read more about this? Is there any end user-facing
documentation available?
Thanks in advance,

@_date: 2016-02-19 22:15:16
@_author: taltman 
@_subject: Using gpg-agent for git credentials? 
Hash: SHA512
Hello GPG experts,
I just recently ran into a git-based service that required password
authentication, and didn't support public-key authentication.
They suggested that I could use git credentials for accessing the
service, and for providing options for storing or caching the password:
Something about git acting as a password cache didn't sit right with me.
Seems like credential management would be better done using gpg-agent.
There are ways to use external credential management programs with git,
like Gnome Keyring:
So it seems like it should be possible to connect git with gpg-agent.
One work-around presented here is to use gpg to encrypt a .netrc file
with your private key, and then use gpg-agent to cache the password:
But it seems like the above approach leaves the .netrc unencrypted on
disk at least temporarily, and it isn't as "seamless" as using Gnome
In the Git documentation above, there is a mechanism to specify a
program to invoke to fetch credentials, using the GIT_ASKPASS or
SSH_ASKPASS environmental variables. It seems like this might present a
way to invoke gpg-agent, but I'm not sure how. Based on documentation it
seems that these environment variables are usually used to invoke
pinentry programs.
If any one has experience with this, or advice on how to achieve this
integration, I would be greatly appreciative of your help.
Thank you,

@_date: 2016-02-21 15:04:56
@_author: taltman 
@_subject: More information on new 'external password managers' feature? 
Hash: SHA512
I read with great interest the following GnuPG blog post, that made
reference to a new feature to integrate gpg with 'external password
Where can I read more details about this improvement? Which external
password managers is this intended for? Is there any end user-facing
documentation available?
Thanks in advance,
