
@_date: 2013-08-31 11:46:31
@_author: Ole Tange 
@_subject: Recommended key size for life long key 
The FAQ recommends a key size of 1024 bits.
Reading  I am puzzled why GnuPG recommends that.
Why not recommend a key size that will not be broken for the rest of
your natural life? (Assuming the acceleration of advances in key
breaking remains the same as it has done historically, thus no attack
is found that completely destroys the algorithm used).
I just generated a 10kbit RSA key. It took 10 minutes which is long to
sit actively waiting, but not very long if you are made aware it will
take this long and just leave it in the background while doing other
work; and to me 10 minutes (or even 10 hours) is a tiny investment if
that means that I do not loose the signatures on my key by changing
key every 5 years.
(Please Cc any answer)

@_date: 2013-09-07 23:35:08
@_author: Ole Tange 
@_subject: Recommended key size for life long key 
Thanks for all your feed back on the list. I have now summed up the
concerns raised on the list on
Feel free to let me know if you feel I have left out important concerns.

@_date: 2013-09-08 10:29:18
@_author: Ole Tange 
@_subject: Recommended key size for life long key 
Assuming a new smartphone runs at 1 GHz with GnuPG 2.0 then
decryption+verify or sign+encryption will be in the order of 10
seconds if both sender and receiver use 10kbit keys. So we are talking
about 10 seconds per RSA encrypted message. Potentially lower if the
phone is multicore and GnuPG's RSA implementation supports
parallelized RSA operations.
If RSA is only used to negotiate the initial session key, then I would
reckon the 10 seconds is hardly noticeable from a battery perspective.
My old Nokia N900 with wifi on will let you sign+encryption 657
messages with 10kbit keys on a full battery using GnuPG 1.4.6. With
GnuPG 2.0 that would be in the order of 1000 messages per charge.
So where your concern really matters would be for high volume messages
 (100 per day or more) that are all RSA encrypted and are used on
battery operated slow devices. Apart from email, can you mention any
app that works like that today?
If I am to include the battery perspective and speculations on what
apps that _could_ be made, I should probably also include what would
happen if smartphones get a cryptochip included (which would bring RSA
operations into the millisecond range - thus rendering the battery
concern moot).

@_date: 2013-09-08 10:32:50
@_author: Ole Tange 
@_subject: Recommended key size for life long key 
The short answer: You do not have to trust projection to use the other
findings. If you have a better projection, use that instead.
The projection is based on  but I
think you are completely missing the point: The projection is not some
sort of guarantee that 10kbit keys will not be broken before 2100
(which is stressed by using the phrase 'It should be stressed that
this is only a guess'), but simply to give an estimate on what key
size we cannot given our knowledge _today_ say will be broken for
sure. Even if the guess proves to be wrong it will still be better than 4kbit
which seems fairly likely to be broken by 2100 (at least if no attack
is found that renders RSA completely useless). If you can come with a
better supported guess for the key length, that would be great.
Based on the guess that 10kbit has the potential of not being broken
within a person's life span: What problems would you experience if you
chose to use a 10kbit key today instead of a 4kbit key (which seems to
be the common choice - but which we are fairly certain will be broken
before 2100)? THIS (i.e. the problems by using 10kbit today instead of
4kbit) being the focus of the document.
So if you are focusing on the projection of the key size, help me
rephrase the text so you do not focus on that, because that has never
been the intended focus of the document.
Having now addressed that question, please elaborate what other errors you find.

@_date: 2013-09-10 15:31:51
@_author: Ole Tange 
@_subject: Problems using 10kbit keys in GnuPG instead of 4kbit keys 
I have not heard of the primary certification key before. Is it the
'C' in 'usage: SCEA'?
Can that be changed without losing signatures on the public key? If
so, then the size of that can be increased slowly when needed.
My goal with the 10kbit key is not to have 10kbit security today, but
to be able to ramp up the effective key length without loosing the
signatures on my public key.
I have now generated a test 10kbit key with 200 10kbit signatures.
Adding signature 200 is not measurably slower than adding the first
(in the order of 1.7 sec). I can verify a message signed with the key
with 200 sigs just as fast as a message signed with a key without the
signatures. If it is something else you mean, can you give an example
command line that shows the long time?
Is it something that can be done in parallel and/or be done in the
background and/or be cached?
Does it happen often? Does it happen to a lot of people?
In my test the decryption of message encrypted and signed by a 10 kbit
key takes 1.7 seconds, and only on the 10 kbit key holder's machine.
Will you consider this unusable?
