
@_date: 2002-05-03 06:02:02
@_author: ThankGod Johnson 
@_subject: (no subject) 
FROM:THANKGOD JOHNSON      ABIDJAN COTE D'IVIORE
TEL: 225-07-51-25-81
ATTN: This letter is to intimate you of a very lucrative
business that will be beneficial to both of us if
treated with trust and confidentiality it desreves.
I am Mr. Thankgod Johnson, the son of Brigadier A.C
Johnson , the public relations officer of the late
Laurent Kabila (Former President of the Democratic
Republic of Congo) who was assasinated on Tuesday the
16th of January 2001 by one of his bodyguards who also
comes from the same community with him.
Reference to information of your company from one of
your country's trade yellowpages, I wish to commence a
very confidential business with you involving the
transfer of Twenty   Million Five Hundred
Thousand United States Dollars(US$20.5Million) into
your company or private account for
Originally this money was mapped out for a military
seminar scheduled to hold on the 19th  January 2001 in
the capital city of Kinshasa and my father was solely
in charge of the organising commitee of the seminar.
Unfortunately ,the news of the assasination of the
President broke out and my father used the opportunity
to divert the fund for our family future planning and
therefore sent me with his friend who works in a diplomatic courier
service and we brought the fund through diplomatic means into Abidjan cote
 Now I am not allowed to operate an account due to my status as an asylum
seeker, then I decided to deposit the fund in a Private Security  Company
here pending a foreign assistance.
Last year December  , I received a phone call from my
father that he had been sacked along with other top
officials of the government by Major General Joseph
Kabila the son of the late President of our country
and that my father is facing a probe panel for
masterminding the death of the late President which
was intentional to rope him in.
I am therefore seeking your assistance  to transfer
this fund out  of Africa by  helping  me in
opening a non resident and investment dollar bank
account where this money will be deposited for onward
transfer into your account over there in your country.
After discussing with my father last few months , we
unanimously  agreed to offer you 25% of the total sum
amount , 5% for expenses that may be incured in the
course of the transaction and 70% will be kept for our
family investment in your country.
I have also arranged a lawyer and a top banker in the
Eco bank of Cote D'iviore who will assist us in
the transfer of the fund without any hitch. Indicate
your willingness to help by sending a mail including
your private telephone and fax number in it or kindly
contact me through the above tel. number as it is
mapped out for the successful finalisation of this
transaction. Also remember that this transaction is
highly secret and confidential as well as require
strict urgent attention.
Thanks so much for the expected cooperation from you .
Best regards,
THANKGOD JOHNSON
