
@_date: 2003-03-17 20:29:02
@_author: none none 
@_subject: I have no idea about "IDEA." 
Gnupg 1.0.7 (and 1.2.1) on RH 8.0.
I do not have the IDEA plug in installed.
I encrypt a message to myself (specifying AES).
When I try to decrypt it, I get the following:
gpg: protection algorithm 1 (IDEA) is not supported
gpg: the IDEA cipher plugin is not present
gpg: please see  for more
gpg: encrypted with 1024-bit RSA key, ID XXXXXXXX, created yyyy-mm-dd
      "user information"
gpg: public key decryption failed: unknown cipher algorithm
gpg: decryption failed: secret key not available
Why does it think I encrypted the message with IDEA, when I
don't have IDEA capability installed.
Also, whenever I type in a user when attempting to encrypt a
message, I get:
gpg: checking the trustdb
and it runs for thirty-five minutes (at one-hundred percent
CPU) before allowing me to continue.
Thank you for your help.
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Platinum - Watch CBS' NCAA March Madness, live on your desktop!

@_date: 2003-03-19 00:45:01
@_author: none none 
@_subject: I have no idea about "IDEA." 
Good call. :) I downloaded PGP, changed the key passphrase
to blank, then put the passphrase back on with GPG. Works
great. Now if I could just get people using PGP to encrypt
messages to me with a cipher other than IDEA.... :(
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Platinum - Watch CBS' NCAA March Madness, live on your desktop!

@_date: 2003-03-19 18:08:02
@_author: none none 
@_subject: I have no idea about "IDEA." 
Not possible. The key has no preferences (which I verified
with the command you suggested), since PGP 2.6.2 created it.
Legal problems for one thing. From what I know, Ascom-Tech
AG does not allow commercial use of IDEA without purchasing
a license (I don't think I can buy a license for a Linux
version anyway :) ). Regardless, several good unencumbered
alternatives exist.
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Platinum - Watch CBS' NCAA March Madness, live on your desktop!

@_date: 2003-03-19 21:59:01
@_author: none none 
@_subject: I have no idea about "IDEA." 
Then what is using IDEA? Thanks to Johan's help, I
reencrypted the private key with Blowfish. With GnuPG,
I can encrypt messages to this key using any supported
cipher that I want. I merely stated that I needed to
get others to use a supported cipher when encrypting
messages to me. I don't know the feasibility or ease
of this for people who use PGP (not really a subject
for this list anyway).
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Platinum - Watch CBS' NCAA March Madness, live on your desktop!

@_date: 2003-03-19 23:51:01
@_author: none none 
@_subject: I have no idea about "IDEA." 
As an individual, I don't care much either, but corporations
have a duty to their shareholders and employees to stay out
of trouble (including simply avoiding bad publicity for the
theft of intellectual property - even if some guarantee of no
additional consequences existed).
Xuejia Lai and James Massey developed IDEA in 1991 (only two
years before Bruce Schneier designed Blowfish).
So do I. Given the superior speed of Blowfish, and its far
more pervasive use (including the Linux kernel as of 2.5.47),
IDEA will eventually become irrelevant.
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Platinum - Watch CBS' NCAA March Madness, live on your desktop!

@_date: 2003-03-28 04:38:01
@_author: none none 
@_subject: I have no idea about "IDEA." 
Certainly a large number do (even if you assign a relatively small
percentage of all corporations that do).
Theft of intellectual property usually falls under copyright law, at
least in the United States.
I don't like making broad cultural statements, but people here (in
particular competitors and enemies) have developed the talent of using
negative publicity to a remarkable degree. And public knowledge of
use of non-licensed software would likely arouse the interest of the
BSA (the software police - they can seize a the entire IT infrastructure
of a company for the purpose on auditing it, and, if the company does
not have perfect documentation for all non-free software, bad things WILL
But it has no future. Where will they get NEW customers? No one wants to put
a non-free algorithm in their product with reasonable free alternatives
available. In addition, all of the research into the strength of the various
algorithms has moved to AES, Blowfish, and Twofish.
Yes. It seems our government has finally developed at least a small amount
of sense with regards to this issue.
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Platinum - Watch CBS' NCAA March Madness, live on your desktop!

@_date: 2003-03-28 21:09:01
@_author: none none 
@_subject: I have no idea about "IDEA." 
We call it theft (maybe a semantics issue, maybe a phrase coined
by intellectual property owners, but it has become the most common
method of reference within the current English lexicon).
You missed my point completely. I said that merely avoiding any
bad publicity represents a sufficient reason not to violate the
Ascom copyright. As a reason, I stated that the BSA might notice
the publicity and say "this company violated the IDEA licensing
provisions. We should audit them and see if they have any other
unlicensed (or even licensed software that they can not 'prove'
that they have the licenses for) software."
More people care here than you might think. I know a number of
people whose livelihoods depend on intellectual property (authors,
lawyers, people who work for pharmaceutical companies) who would
absolutely never use unlicensed software - even on their home
OK. How will they get new users?
Nobody will include a non-free crypto algorithm in any new product,
and the number of people using legacy applications will continue
to shrink.
I don't want to get into a debate about political systems, but I will
make a few points.
1. I don't agree with giving the government many of the new powers
(especially for monitoring citizens) that recent legislation allowed.
2. Your quote "sufficient to remove almost all personal liberties the
government considers usable to terrorists" represents a statement both
inflammatory and untrue.
3. As the world (figuratively) shrinks, I think we will see (to some
degree) a convergence of procedures like this among governments. We
need to stick together.
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Platinum - Watch CBS' NCAA March Madness, live on your desktop!

@_date: 2003-03-29 03:43:02
@_author: none none 
@_subject: Securing Secret Keys 
I use the shred command (part of fileutils) which can wipe either
files or disks.
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Platinum - Watch CBS' NCAA March Madness, live on your desktop!
