
@_date: 2008-10-01 16:45:51
@_author: Tim Stebar 
@_subject: Secret Key Not Available 
I created an EDI job (Trinary translation/schedule) that pulls down files and it decrypts just fine from the command line as well as if I spawn the EDI job from the command line.   However, if I schedule the job in Trinary (kicks off the job by itself) it will not decrypt the file.  It comes up with the following:
$gpg -batch -passphrase gocatsgo -output out.txt -decrypt 810x12.pgp
E:\ew\sv53\recv\tmp_recv>echo off
Press any key to continue . . .
gpg: encrypted with ELG-E key, ID 9B1D9DED
gpg: decryption failed: secret key not available
I have tried this with both a hard code passphrase (txt) as well as a passphrase file as well and still no luck?   Anyone ever run into this by chance?  I am wondering if it is something with the different environments or if it is how the Gnupg was installed maybe?
$gpg -batch -passphrase gocatsgo -output out.txt -decrypt 810x12.pgp
I have also tried
$gpg -batch -passphrase-file pass.txt -output out.txt -decrypt 810x12.pgp
Again, I can pull up a cmd dos prompt and do those commands and it works just fine.  However when schedule and ran in batch in Trinary (EDI translator/schedule) it cannot find the key to decrypt.   I have seen some other posts with similar problem when running from WEBMETHODS jobs but none of the posts had anyone answer them so thought I would run it by this news group.
Thanks in advance!
Tim Stebar        EDI Systems Analyst
Computers Unlimited
Billings, MT 59105
This message is confidential, intended only for the named recipient(s) and may contain information that is privileged or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient(s), you are notified that the dissemination, distribution or copying of this message is strictly prohibited. If you receive this message in error, or are not the named recipient(s), please notify the sender at either the e-mail address or by calling the telephone number associated with this transmission. Please delete this e-mail from your computer (or discard this fax). Thank You.
