
@_date: 2014-04-16 11:39:15
@_author: tim@piratemail.se 
@_subject: signatures for other people's emails 
I'm sure there are more qualified people to answer this, but since I've been staring at pgp-mime for the last few months, I thought I would give a few thoughts.
I believe you are asking, "is it possible to concatenate signatures, to create a new signature block which is then used with pgp-mime."
1. I think this is possible. If the dean signs your content, and you receive his signature, I *believe* that once an implementation gets the signature packet from the signature, it could added to a signature block. Each signature packet contains the keyid of the signer (if put there), and its own signature type/algorithm/hash/etc. So, I *believe* each signature is independent of every other signature.
In my process of checking a signature, I find the keyId and lookup the keyId for the publicKey. So it doesn't matter who the mail is actually from.
2. An alternative, which you spoke of, I believe, would also work. Where a pgp-mime signature pair, contains a pgp-mime signature pair. So your dean would send you the mail, and you could encapsulate it with your own signature. The tricky part, of course, would be if any implementation actually facilitates this.
p.s. Thanks for your help with the pgp-mime previously, -- g at pmx.mooo.com

@_date: 2014-04-19 17:40:04
@_author: tim@piratemail.se 
@_subject: pgp key servers cors support 
I believe I asked a pgp key server http interface question on this list a while ago, and received a useful response.
I also wrote tobug-pks at mit.eduwith the request below.. With no response.
Is there any way that the http pgp key servers could be changed to provide cors headers allowing access from any site? This could also be done through some proxy server (njinx?) which accepts, forwards and then concatenates cors headers to the response.
The reason is to enable sites' clients such as the one I'm developing, to hit a random assortment of pgp keyservers without proxying through my server. (although proxying through my server is fine, it would be better, I think, to talk directly to those pgp keyservers).
I realize this is not the pgp keyserver mailing list. But I figure the developers of that server also reside in this list -- and I'm not sure exactly which list is the right list to post to.
 404s

@_date: 2014-04-23 18:13:15
@_author: tim@piratemail.se 
@_subject: best practice for pgp mail service, revoking keys 
This is a tiny bit philosophical. Perhaps a little off-topic. I think this is probably the best list to ask never-the-less.
So I've been working on this pgp base web based mail service.
Here is the problem I hope eventually to be confronted with:
1. User registers name "decker at piratemail.se," user auto-magically generates a pgp pub/priv key. The pub key is registered on the pgp key servers.
2. User goes away. Account is closed.
3. User still has "decker at piratemail.se" registered on the pgp key servers.
4. Another person wants to use "decker at piratemail.se."  He would generate a brand new pgp key with a later creation date, but still that old one seems like a liability.
What should I do?
A few options I can see:
1. email addresses are used only once.
2. email addresses are used more than once, but with a warning, "there already exists an unrevoked pgp key for this address."
3. user gives me a revocation certification when he generates his pgp key, I can revoke accounts which close.
4. user generates pgp keys which expire after a year
5. ?
I would like to do  But perhaps this is not the way to go. I'm not sure if  is possible with the javascript pgp lib I'm using atm.
Any thoughts?

@_date: 2014-04-24 21:07:54
@_author: tim@piratemail.se 
@_subject: best practice for pgp mail service, revoking keys 
Thank you for your responses. I'm still mulling over what to do. Your input has been revealing.
I think I'm leaning towards the 1 year key, with a 1 year "fallow" time. For the reasons implied by Daniel, (which I interpolated). I would not want another user grabbing an e-mail account and posing as a previous user.
But at the same time, when a user renews a key, will the existing WoT signatures become invalid? If they do, perhaps it would be better to instead have the designated revoker (me) as described by David. If the co-signers don't become invalid, this seems strange to me.
I have also been thinking about how this works into the WoT. Because, as Daniel and one other expressed, anyone can upload a key for a user. How to differentiate.
I'm thinking to do this:
1. User registers, automagically creates pub/priv key. Tells me about pub key. I sign the pub key with the site key. All keys from the e-mail site will be self-signed and as well have the signature of the e-mail site key.
2. Users can "trust", or "be-friend" another email+key. When this happens they will sign the other's key, and will also mark that key as the prefered encryption key. Maybe that e-mail address will as well be placed on a white list of some sort.
3. The algorithm which picks the "best & default encryption key" for an address, will, instead of picking the key with the latest date (which it does now), will pick the key with the most number of co-signers. (and of course which isn't revoked, or expired)
Does this sound about right?
In existing gpg mail programs, when evaluating the trust level a key, does gpg see if there is a path between yourself and that key, "I didn't sign it, but this other key which I already trust, signed this other key, which signed the key I'm looking at." Or do you count signatures. Or both?

@_date: 2014-06-08 13:13:27
@_author: tim@piratemail.se 
@_subject: Google releases beta OpenPGP code 
I hope the two code bases can create a common API. It would be really useful to be able to test one against the other.
I have to say that the OpenPGPJs developers have been quite responsive to the bugs I've been raising. I personally think their project is a gold mine.
And personally, I do not trust google. Enough said in that regard. ;-)
Anyhow, with regard to, "Most people value the ability to access their messages from anywhere, using webmail, and won't want to have to carry their private keys with them." I've been working on such a project. Little by little. If you'd care to help, feel free to hack/clone/steal/whatever.  The project is designed so that, you can create your own css file and make it look like google or whatever.
You can find it here: With a test site here:
(I haven't optimized the js files into one [will eventually do], so allow much time to load)

@_date: 2014-06-09 12:44:02
@_author: tim@piratemail.se 
@_subject: Trust and distrust [was: Re: Google releases beta OpenPGP code] 
I wish that there was a "standard API" for low level encryption JS libraries..
Not only so that I could swap them in OpenPGPJS on a whim. But so that I could also swap them in my code as well, without writing the glue. I wish there was a standard for the random number generators. So that I could easily swap out, and ALSO, use a fake number generator to test that different implementations of PGP create *exactly* the same results.
I then I wish there was a "standard API" for PGP. So that when the google code comes out I could swap as I wish. Test one against the other. Use the fake number generator and fake "timestamps" to verify that the resulting output is *exactly* the same in hundreds of test cases.
And then code coverage. I wish there were statistics published about code coverage.
If there is 100% code coverage and the output of two PGP implementations is the same. It gives me a much higher "I trust this code doesn't have an insert somewhere," than just "well the results were the same for the test cases I have."
Swapping + code-coverage + exactly same results + disparate code bases with maintainers who don't look at the other code base (and possibly distrust the other coding group) = more trust from me.
--- begin response to distrust, which I've tried not to make emotionally bated, but really I would just ignore this section ---
I'm not exactly sure if this list is an appropriate place for me to state my reasons for distrusting google.
Find the congressional testimony by google about what they were doing in china, especially the "auto censoring." That was my moment where I realized the google that I had hoped for had nothing to do with the google it transformed into.
In terms of just plain security. I will say that I also do not trust OpenPGPJs. But in a different way. After that china testimony I didn't trust google to put people before governments. And unfortunately I feel as if my fears have been proven correct. Since google controls chrome-- a plugin by google designed to thwart google, running within google's chrome?? Ummmm.. Not sure...
If I were an adversary that could force google to do something I wanted, I would make them take screensots of anybody using this plugin, and send them to me.

@_date: 2014-05-25 11:44:17
@_author: tim@piratemail.se 
@_subject: Hotplate 
While this is definitely, definitely, definitely off topic.
I, for one, am looking forward to the absolute demise of java.
and NaCL in general.
LLVM -> .p(ortable)exe -> exe in sandbox.
The LLVM revolution is coming!! ;-P
