
@_date: 2014-12-07 16:04:09
@_author: Tomo Ruby 
@_subject: Mainkey with many subkeys?? 
after searching for a long time I finally decided to ask here:
I wanted to create new keys and came across the following "problem": If I create a main key to certify and subkeys for everything else, won't there be dozens of subkeys on my main key after years of creating and revoking subkeys?? I'm not sure if I understood everything right but I learned that even revoked subkeys stay in the keyring and on the keyservers.
Although this is the setup most tutorials recommend, nobody seems to have old subkeys on their main keys and I don't understand why not...
Thanks in advance!!
Tomo Ruby

@_date: 2014-12-07 22:38:03
@_author: Tomo Ruby 
@_subject: Mainkey with many subkeys?? 
Hey, thanks for the answers so far! The most important reason for creating and revoking subkeys would indeed be the expiration of used ones. I know I could just set a new expiration date but most times it's recommended to use a key for two years at the longest.
So if I start counting I end up like this: One subkey for authentication, one for signing and one for encryption. This makes three new keys every two years...

@_date: 2014-12-08 19:48:23
@_author: Tomo Ruby 
@_subject: Mainkey with many subkeys?? 
Am 08.12.2014 um 00:40 schrieb MFPA:
as I wrote in the mail from Sun Dec 7 22:38:03 CET 2014: I know I could just set a new expiration date but most times it's recommended to use a key for two years at the longest. So if I start counting I end up like this: One subkey for authentication, one for signing and one for encryption. This makes three new keys every two years...
I really don't understand why everyone has only so few subkeys...
Best regards

@_date: 2014-12-11 15:15:26
@_author: Tomo Ruby 
@_subject: Mainkey with many subkeys?? 
To be honest I didn't think and search about that too much, but that was not the point anyways...
How do you judge whether to replace the key or not? Of course there are obvious opportunities when to replace keys but if nothing special (like the system being compromised) happens, I really know only of this approach:
The more encrypted/signed data I spread over the web, the easier it might be for an attacker to calculate the secret key. And because of that I'd replace on a regular basis. Please correct me here if I'm wrong!!
See above, besides Enigmail for example uses default values with expiration dates...
I'm not sure if I understand you right here but if you ask why I would use a subkey to sign, the answer is: Because I want to use an offline mainkey and subkeys for the daily work...
Well that was actually the reason I started this whole process of reading, searching and now discussing: I want to use my key to authenticate to an SSH-Server...
And to answer to the message of Doug Barton on Tue Dec 9 00:26:30 CET 2014: The sign and encrypt subkeys are mostly used for emails and a little bit of "offline encryption".
Thanks again for the help! I really appreciate it!

@_date: 2014-12-13 12:12:16
@_author: Tomo Ruby 
@_subject: Mainkey with many subkeys?? 
I'm confused too, that makes two ;) I didn't think about specific expiration times of subkeys. I tried to figure out why everybody has no revoked subkeys at all...
Ok, so this might be the point I'm missing here. Thinking about encrypting data that seems obvious because (as you wrote too) everyone can produce encrypted data with the public key... But what does "meaningful way" mean?
Are there really no reasons to replace keys on a regular basis? Of course besides from
or other rather irregular reasons?
Ok, got that now, tricky answer! :)
Well in this point I'm possibly a little paranoid but I don't fully trust any system with internet connection. But if I think about that again: If I replace keys mostly because technology changes I'll have to replace the main key too anyways...
