
@_date: 2003-03-25 16:51:01
@_author: tk 
@_subject: User Ids without email address 
>>So in order to avoid the loss of trust chains because of no longer used
Designing the system such as WOT without fully considering
what should and what should not be used as a permament, unique
identifier was perhaps excusable at the time, but is clearly
breaking the system now. An open-use autoresponder returning
consecutive numbers - to which the "owner" if free to append
such descriptive string as he or she sees fit - is clearly

@_date: 2003-05-11 17:22:02
@_author: tk 
@_subject: mobile GPG installation 
Only in the sense that (as per original poster's scenario)
fiddling with the registry entries on the computer that belongs
to someone else, who lets you look at your mail for a few
minutes is a bad idea. We are still waiting for the good GPG
creators to understand the very real need for a GPG variant
that REQUIRES NO INSTALLATION, i.e., a program that is
not "fused" to a particular "box", but only to an operating
system and the medium it resides on (floppy, CD...).
(Why is this such a difficult concept to fathom?)

@_date: 2003-05-11 20:39:03
@_author: tk 
@_subject: mobile GPG installation 
> not a package that just seems secure.
 > secret keyring into a computer which you basically can't trust.
 > I don't think that this is something the gpg authors should
 > spend time to make easy.
This is nonsense. As a user, I am the best judge which computer
to trust and which not to trust. No computer that is ever left
unattended for any period of time could be trusted hundred percent
- yet most users run GPG on such computers. On the other hand,
many users could find computers that they use only occasionally
and that belong to others (friends, employers, etc.) at least
as trustworthy as the computer they leave unattended in their
rental flat which, for instance, their landlord (and who knows
who else) can easily visit while they are at work.
Yes, malware/keyloggers/etc. on a computer can be a problem,
but the solution has nothing to do with fusing the software
package to a prticular box. This is an extremely naive solution
at best, and if you think of it, in many instances it might be
outright counterproductive.

@_date: 2003-05-13 04:53:04
@_author: tk 
@_subject: mobile GPG installation 
> No they are an immense problem.  There a hundred of thousands script
 > kiddies waiting to attack your box.  In contrast only a few people can
 > get physical access.
I agree with your correction - hope you will agree with mine:
Yes, malware/keyloggers/etc. are bigger problem than the tone of
my previous post implies. But physical protection of the box is alaso
a *sigificant* problem for many users. And use of "other people's
computers" can often mitigate this problem; as, I believe, the
original poster aluded.
I will terminate my contribution to this thread with the following
It is valid to advise the user to use GPG only on a trusted computer.
It is however not valid to assume there will be only one computer
he or she can trust.

@_date: 2003-05-13 18:07:02
@_author: tk 
@_subject: Opportunistic Encryption [Was: Keys not trusted] 
Valid arguments, excellent post! The value of privacy was simply
not factored in when the WOT system was originally concieved. This
was (perhaps?) understandable at the time, but tempora mutantur
(et nos in illis).

@_date: 2003-05-18 04:18:01
@_author: tk 
@_subject: Encouraging email security. 
> or interest in email security.  OpenPGP is hard enough to
 > understand and use...
Absolutely! (The only thing I'd venture to correct in
the above post is the 'interest' part: they *have* the
interest, but it's - for the vast majority - simply to
hard to do...) I'd bet dollars to donuts that therefore
the proportion of encrypted email is actually dropping,
an extremely undesirable trend (for many obvious reasons).
*Something* ought to be done.
 From my observation of "real users", the hardest part is
not at all remembering (and typing) the password/phrase,
it's the understanding of the concept of web-of-trust,
dealing with the wrinkled interface to it and suffereing
constant error conditions that it generates (quick survey
of this list's archive should convince anyone).
Additionally, most "real users" I've seen have real desire
(and thus real motivation!) to keep ther messages from
unauthorized inspection, but they only rearly require
message signatures - i.e., evasdropping is a common
problem, impersonation simply isn't.
Large proportion of e-mail users communicate mostly
in their own "small-world" communities and they have
absolutely no problem whatsoever exchanging, authenticating,
revoking, etc. their public keys. It is also most likely
that communication with fellow members of such communities
will need to be protected (as opposed to the communication
with strangers). I would thus suggest that a simplified
GPG version (GPG-lite?) should be constructed and deployed,
where the system does not even attempt to assist (let alone
control) the dissemanation, authentication and revocation
of public keys. The security of such system would remain
as strong as the "real thing", provided that the key is
exchanged in person (its finger verified over phone,
printed on a business card etc. etc.). Also, while at it,
I would strongly suggest "one-key-one-file" (text, base64
encoded) instead of the opaque and hard to understand
and deal with "keyrings".
As suggested by the original poster, pre-selected,
unchangable ciphers and key-widths are an obvious necessity.
For those who need it (and are prepared to learn how to
properly use it), "full" GPG would alway be there.
(just my .02...)

@_date: 2003-05-18 22:20:02
@_author: tk 
@_subject: Encouraging email security. 
I believe this to be an extremely important point, as it determines
what (if anything) is worth undertaking. I subscribe to the
"cultural gap" school. Stated simply, those that have no interest
in keeping their mail private now will not change their mind
anytime soon. But there is (from my observation) a significant pool
of those that would like to keep it private, but find it simply to
be beyond practical for them to do so. And it is wrong (if not
outright arogant) to conisider them stupid or lazy. Their
cost/benefit point of ballance is simply not met by the current
crop of public key systems. The solution is not a more automated
force-feeding of the same complex system onto unwilling and
unprepared, the solution is a simpler, easier to use and understand
public key encryption program, targeting an entirely diferent
cost/benefit point of ballance.
In a very rough form, the salient characteristics of such
program would IMHO be:
Only encryption/decryption, no message signing/authentication.
No cipher/key width choice.
No control of public key exchange and authentication.
Public keys are simply computer files, passed around as one
would pass around (for instance) his digital photos.
Medium (instead of computer) resident, no installation,
Cross-platform command-line 'base' and Linux AND Win32
GUI front ends, independent of any mail clients.
No attempt of protection from attacks involving
network-compromised or multi-user computer.
Ascii text only, for both plaintext and ciphertext.
Autonomous operation. (i.e. fully operational without
the need for any network connection or resource
(key directoies/servers etc.)
Functions that a user of such program would be able to
perform would be limited to 4 (four):
1) Generate key-pair.
2) Generate and display human-readable key hash.
3) Encrypt text.
4) Decrypt text.
(and absolutely, ABSOLUTELY, nothing else... :)
PS. Let's also decide to give up on this "false sense
of security" admonition. There is no absolute security anyways,
and if the risks are explained in simple, understandable words
to the user - he or she is the best one to decide on what is
adequate and what is not. For those that need more security,
and are prepared to invest time and effort, there is no
shotrage of good choices. All that this program would
reasonable ensure, is that the messages captured in transit
will not be readable any easier than current-variety GPG
message. If anybody asked me what to do to be more secure,
I would seriously propose to run this same program on an
air-gapped laptop that is never left unattended, before I
would suggest anything else. Networked computer just should
not be trusted...

@_date: 2003-05-19 02:58:02
@_author: tk 
@_subject: Encouraging email security. 
> IDs and have the MUA download the keys from a server.
No download.
I assume that the computer is not connected to the 'net (while
the mail is composed, crypted, or read). It might only be conected
to upload and download the mail, but not even that is to be assumed
let alone required. Note that I assume no integration with the
mail client - the text is transfered via files (and clipboard?).
(Of course, nothing prevents the mail client programmer to
offer some level of integration - but the crypto program makes
no such assumption and can be used without it.
 >
 >
 > I'm not sure I understand this one.
 >
The program requires no "installation". (there were many discussions
on this list about the "mobile use" of GPG). The program can be
executed from floppy, CD, USB drive... A large percentage of problems
that users experience are caused by unresolved or ill-resolved
components residing (or assumed to be residing) on the computer.
I assume single-executable, single-file program; thus nothing
to "install", nothing that can be wrong with installation,
nothing to prevent the user from using it on any number of
computers interchangibly (on "work" computer during the day,
"home" computer at night...). The design simply assumes that
both the program and the key files may reside on removable
media, with no state-preserving items between invocations of
the program.
I believe that anything that imposes formatting rules and assumption
on the message text is a significant complication and source of errors.
(see many line-wrapping related snafu's reported on this mail-list).
And as stated previously, I see signing of only marginal value, to a
very small number of users. Such users should turn to GPG and full
public key infrastructure it offers.
Key-id is the name of the key file; there are no other "identifiers".
If a certain community wants to introduce key file naming conventions,
it is free to do so. But there is no global id name-space control.
(Remenber CB handles..? see the hypothetical sig below). Again, those
that need better should turn to GPG. What I propose here pretty
well defines the extreme low end of the simplicity scale.
tony abalony
GPGsimple: key fingerprint: b7.02.de.8f.04.38.42.7c

@_date: 2003-05-19 04:05:02
@_author: tk 
@_subject: Encouraging email security. 
> now that wireless LAN gets popular...
Misundersyanding. To me "air gap" means a computer with no network
connection whatsoever (let alone wireless!), and the transfer
of data files only via read/write media; floppy, zip-drive, USB flash
"disk" etc. Laptop was only mentioned since it is portable, and
thus easier to keep from being left unattended (for an attacker
to gain surepetitious access to and install a hardware key-logger
on, for instance). An old MSDOS laptop with floppies that are
destoyed after each use makes a near-perfect "geheimeschreiber".
