
@_date: 2009-02-08 20:06:32
@_author: Condor Kim 
@_subject: enigmail and gnupg on linux xandros 
i have a question about using enigmail on linux.
i recently bought an eee pc 901 with linux xandros on it. i added debian repo and i wanted to install enigmail on my thunderbird. but when i do a search on my synaptic i get a response that i need to install icedove together with enigmail. i looked up icedove and learned that it's something very similar to thunderbird. i don't know if the thunderbird on my eeepc is in fact the same as icedove, and so i went ahead to install icedove and enigmail on my eeepc. but then i got the errors:
e:icedove: subprocess post-installation script returned error exit status 1
e: enigmail: dependency problem -- leaving unconfigured
e: dpkg was interrupted, you must manually run 'dpkg --configure - a' to correct the problem
and then my eeepc crashed that night and i have to reinstall the OS
can anyone tell me what's going on? and how do i install enigmail on linux xandros with thunderbird? is icedove the same as the thunderbird that came with eeepc 901?
and what about gnupg itself? i saw in the synaptic that it's already installed. can it be used with thunderbird? how to use it on linux? is there a site that gives instruction??is there something on linux similar to gpg4win?
thanks so much

@_date: 2009-01-20 21:59:06
@_author: Condor Kim 
@_subject: how to get private keys out of a old computer 
I have a question, can anyone help me?
on my old computer i had gpg4win and enigmail all installed with several private keys created. but then i bought a new computer and and reinstalled gpg4win on it. now how do i recover the old private keys from the previous computer? i do still have the hard drive of the previous old computer. i tried to retrieve keys with PTA, and found a file called "trustedkeys" outside the "users" file on the old hard drive, but when i retrieved this file, it said "no keys are found". both computers use windows vista.
thanks please help me out with this problem.
