
@_date: 2004-04-30 11:28:20
@_author: Bill Turner 
@_subject: Revoking Old Keys... my problem 
Hash: SHA1
I have a problem I am not sure how to deal with.  Put as plainly as I
know how, there is an old key out there, I just got this information off
the pgp.mit.edu keyserver:
Public Key Server -- Verbose Index ``wildbill ''
Type bits /keyID    Date       User ID
pub  1024D/89F6CC2B 2002/10/18 Bill Turner sig        89F6CC2B             Bill Turner I have attached my own 'new' key to this email.  The reason that the old
key is a problem for me is that the laptop I had it stored on, and
everything else, was stolen from me.  I do not remember my passphrase
after almost two years.  I am just not sure how to go about 'properly'
revoking it.
The email address that was based on is at an ISP I no longer use, not
that it matters really. I am just confused about the 'correct' procedure
here.  There are people I was exchanging email with that have that key,
and not the new one, so I just am not clear how to do this.
Any help much appreciated.

@_date: 2004-05-01 03:37:23
@_author: Bill Turner 
@_subject: OT: Revoking Old Keys... my problem 
Hello Jerry,
General consensus seems to be I'm trying to lock the door after the horse is stolen.  Well, that I knew already.  My primary objective in posting the question was to find out how to avoid this type of situation again in the future.
I saw several good ideas and advice.  Since I have only sent this key to a couple places so far I am going to do as most folks suggested and make a change to show that the 'old' key is no longer accurate.  Alas, I also set this one with no expiration date and it seems that is one of the major mistakes I made before.  Well, I may end up redoing the whole key again because I don't want to go through this 'forever' bad key floating about any more.
So far as a 'safe' place to keep the reovation certificate, which I have as yet not made and am going to do so as soon as this clears the system, would a 'web mail' account (Lycos.com for instance) be considered 'safe?'  If I had done that before I would not be having this problem now.  It would have been safely out of harms way when my laptop got stolen.  As it is, yes, this is 'unpleasant' but after 47 years I have had far more unpleasant things happen to me.  And far many more that never did.
Seems the 'irrevocable' second proclamation from 'the king' is in order here. :)  Good analogy btw.  Book of Esther isn't often quoted.  Perhaps it should be.
In case you couldn't tell I'm pretty much a 'babe in the woods' so far as gpg is concerned.  I thought it was simply a matter of making a key pair, sending it out to the people you wanted to communicate with, and going merrily along the way.  I'm finding out that was a very naive assumption on my part.
Well, you know what they say about what happens when you 'assume' right?    :)
For the moment I will no longer be signing anything with my 'new' key until such time as I can make the revocation certificate, get it onto a safe site on the web, (as well as printed out and on floppy), and will see if I can change the expiration without having to completely redo the key from scratch.  I have the 'gpg manual.pdf' on the disk and will be spending the rest of the evening going through it.
Thank God for places like this.  This is why I flat out love Linux and GNU so much.  You get a *community* that wants to help each other out. Just because it's the 'right thing to do' and no other reason.  If only the rest of the world would catch on.  Well, there's hope still.
Thanks much to all who replied.  You gave me some good ideas.  And you didn't beat me up too badly.  laughing....
Take care,

@_date: 2004-05-05 15:25:34
@_author: Bill Turner 
@_subject: OT: Revoking Old Keys... my problem 
> Bill,
 >
 > I'm not sure that I'd consider any place on the WEB as safe for a  > cert.  Perhaps a bank vault or a heavy fire safe at home.  Committing the
 > entire revocation cert to memory would be a little extreme!
 >
 > -----Original Message-----
 > From: Bill Turner [mailto:turner_bill
 > Sent: Friday, April 30, 2004 6:38 PM
 > To: Jerry Windrel
 >
 >
 >
 >>The problem of having a key that you cannot revoke, and the partial
 >>solution I outlined, reminds me somewhat of the situation in the Book
 >
 >
 >
 > So far as a 'safe' place to keep the revocation certificate, which I  > as yet not made and am going to do so as soon as this clears the system,
 > would a 'web mail' account (Lycos.com for instance) be considered
 > 'safe?'  If I had done that before I would not be having this problem
 >
 > CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:  This e-mail message, including any attachments, is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information.  Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited.  If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message.
 >
Hello Steve,
I gathered as much from comments from others.  I still have not made the
revocation cert.  Here's what I have done though.  And why I have not
yet made the revoke cert.
1.  I was able to change the expire date.  I set it for 10 years down
the road as someone had suggested that and his reasoning seemed sound to me.
2.  I have added a comment into my email sig concerning the 'bogus' key
and the new key.
3.  I have installed GnuPG Shell and could also get WinPTools if wanted
but so far it seems that gpgshell has everything I really need it to do.
4.  I have been spending a lot of time reading docs re:  gpg, Mozilla
and enigmail.  A lot of time.  That has raised a few questions for me.
5.  I have not been actually using the gpg key to sign anything until I
have the answers to a couple of questions.  If it turns out that I am
going to end up revoking this key as well - something I will do as a
last resort only - I don't want to be putting more copies of the key out
there then there already are.
A few questions concerning signing, and revocation.
1.  I saw a reference in the docs - or maybe in the 'edit-keys' portion
of gpg - concerning 'non-revocable' signing of my key.  This seems like
a good thing to do.  I haven't done that yet either.
2.  Someone had suggested (a few actually) I change my 'gpg comment' to
have the essentials (in the sig below) concerning the old key being
'bogus'.  I haven't done that yet either.  Although with gpgshell I know
it does give an option to do that very thing.
Firstly, since I have not yet made the 'irrevocable signing' nor the
'revocation cert' of my key, should I do the 'signing' first or does
that really matter?
Secondly, is it possible to change the comment in my gpg key without
having to generate a new keypair?  If so, should I do that before I
generate the revocation cert, afterwards, or does it matter at all?
I suppose I am just a bit confused on the 'proper order' for all these
things.  Also, since I made both keys 1024 bits, is that adequate,
really?  I am beginning to think perhaps I should have made the second
key 2048 instead of 1024, especially if I am going with a 'expire' of 10
years down the road.  If 1024 bits is actually an 'appropriate' size
then I am fine.  I just need a bit of guidance on the right order to do
the 'irrevocable local signing' and the 'revocation cert' generation.
One final question which I will post to the group under a fresh topic
Have a good one.

@_date: 2004-05-05 15:25:37
@_author: Bill Turner 
@_subject: gpg utils W9x vs. Linux 
Hello all,
Currently I have a P-300, 128MB, 6GB, and running W98SE and Vector Linux 3.2 in dual-boot.  Right now I am still in the process of getting the Linux side all properly configured and for the moment am doing almost everything on the W9x side of things.  I would like to change that.
I have (w9x) gpg, gpgshell, and am using Mozilla (1.7b) with the enigmail plug in to handle signing, encryption and so forth of email. This is the first time I've really used Mozilla and I have to say I am very favorably impressed.  Not least of all by the fact that it is 'multi-platform' capable.  I just love that.  Any program I use frequently, unless I have no other choice, is going to run under more than just Windows.
1.  Is there another util other than gpgshell which will run on both W9x and Linux?  GPL would be best.
2.  If not, can someone recommend a good 'general gnupg' util, with similar functionality to gpgshell, for the Linux side of the box?
Lastly, I intend to install Mozilla on the Linux side of the box in fairly short order.  Does anyone know of a 'quick and mostly painless' way to 'import' the w9x settings, email, and so forth to the Linux side of the box?

@_date: 2004-05-05 15:26:45
@_author: Bill Turner 
@_subject: OT: Revoking Old Keys... my problem 
Hash: SHA1
Hello Steve,
1024 to
Turned out you were right about that.  I did generate the 'revoke cert'
and have it stored away (and printed out) in a safe place.  Not on a
computer at all. :)  The 'irrevocable signing' I was thinking of turned
out to be a case of me signing a key for someone else.  I was just a bit
confused is all.
I decided to leave the key size at 1024 since it has an expiration date
now, and a revoke cert safely stored away.  Next time though I will go
with at least 2048.  If something happens before the key expires the same.
I have attached my key for any that might want it.

@_date: 2004-05-21 00:27:32
@_author: Bill Turner 
@_subject: gpg utils W9x vs. Linux 
Hash: SHA1
Thanks Werner.  Have it installed.  For the moment have decided to go
solely with w98 till I get another hard drive at least.  6GB just isn't
very much.

@_date: 2004-05-21 00:36:04
@_author: Bill Turner 
@_subject: gpg utils W9x vs. Linux 
Hash: SHA1
Hello Neil,
laughing... I knew that when I got it... it's a used system.  Rome
wasn't built in a day.  I have decided though to just go with W98 till I
can get more space.  6GB really isn't enough.  This will give me an
excuse to play around with things like CygWin... :)
Any opinions on CygWin vs. Mingw vs. whatever... for a way to compile
C/C++ programs on Windows.  I have Perl installed.  C/C++ is down the
road a bit but thought I'd ask.  Yes, this is off-topic... maybe you
could discuss this in email then??
I agree.  But it's a good kind of unique to be isn't it? :)
exactly the
KGpg. You
Thanks... I'll keep the bit abt KDE in mind.  I like KDE a lot.  Very
nice environment.  Very nice.
I'll keep that in mind.  Thanks.
encrypt and
files -
laughing... no... I guess that just wouldn't do would it...

@_date: 2004-05-22 09:28:45
@_author: Bill Turner 
@_subject: No more W9x... :) 
Hash: SHA1
Thanks for those who responded re: utils for W9x and Linux (GUI type)
This is kinda funny really.  I had come to the conclusion that really
6GB wasn't enough to effectively utilize two different OS's.  Not to
mention the whole 'dual-boot' bit was getting to be kind of a PITA.
Decided to go 'W9x' only and went to restore the partitions the way
they were.  I'd used FIPS and it had worked just fine when I tried it
before.  Not this time.
The main W9x part with all my email and settings was absolutely beyond
use.  Corrupted.  Badly.  No idea how it happened but it sure did.
Luckily for me I had a Linux CD (Vector Linux 3.0) readily to hand so
I rebooted and installed that alone.  Felt pretty good too.
I've managed to make quite a bit of progress.  Mozilla, Enigmail and
GnuPG were the first things I installed.  In the process of d/l'ing a
bunch of updates since this version is a couple years old.  Well.
That's fine though.  It works.  I had really forgotten how very
pleasant it can be to have a massive download going on in one desktop
while I'm browsing the 'net and doing email in another.  The system
doesn't even hardly notice.  Windows?  I would never dare try that.
It would just lock up.  Too many BSOD's for me.  I've heard of people
that claim to have never had one but I have my personal doubts about that.
Anyways.  To bring this more or less back on topic I have already been
to the gnupg site and started looking at some of the frontends for the
gpg program.  In the process of getting GNOME and KDE more up to date
and then will see what's what.  IceWM is my preferred window manager
though so will see if I can find a way to use something 'lightweight'
on the GUI.
Having way too much fun is...
~ --
"Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that
you do it."     Mahatma Gandhi.
"All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do
nothing."  Edmund Burke.
"What have you done to make the world a better place today?  Got 30
seconds?  Feed somebody.  "  Bill Turner
~ --
The following information is from a key which has been compromised.
Please contact me directly via email to obtain an updated and current key.
"Bill Turner "
Type bits /keyID    Date       User ID
pub  1024D/89F6CC2B 2002/10/18 Bill Turner Key fingerprint = 2AC6 D850 97A0 5D3A FB22  9237 24DA 6DCC 89F6 CC2B
sig        89F6CC2B             Bill Turner ~ --
My current (and valid) GPG Public key info follows:
"Bill Turner "
Type bits /keyID    Date       User ID
pub 1024D/7A85CF68 2004/04/28 Bill Turner (Tux Rox!)
Key fingerprint = 763D 95D2 CB20 7763 5303  8097 A7D7 6B5D 7A85 CF68
sig   7A85CF68    Bill Turner (Tux Rox!) ~ --

@_date: 2005-01-20 18:21:27
@_author: Bill Turner 
@_subject: Mozilla List Mail 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
I use Mozilla Mail, but this ought to be pretty much the same for T-Bird
as well.  I used 'reply all' and set you as a 'cc' while I used the
'newsgroup' setting for the group email.  hope this works as I am
expecting.  haven't yet managed to find a place to setup an address
specifically as a 'newsgroup' for the replys.  Hope this helps.
mutt does rock... :)
Gnupg-users mailing list
