
@_date: 2014-06-05 03:26:16
@_author: Cpp 
@_subject: New user needs some help 
Dear GnuPG users,
As part of the ResetTheNet campaign I decided to start using email
encryption. I am a relatively new user of gpg, who is looking forward
to using it for secure communication. Currently I am trying to
generate a new PGP key by following some good/best practices. I have
done some research into the matter, and I managed to gather some
knowledge about the whole process. Still there are some details that I
am unsure about. I've read the GnuPG manual, the man page, the
handbook, and various other articles online. In particular these two
were most interesting and helpful:
Based on what I know so far I managed to come up with the following steps.
- Boot a recent live linux CD on an unrelated computer
- Create a 4096-bit RSA certification key with unlimited expiry
- Add a 4096-bit RSA encryption subkey with 5 year expiry
- Add a 4096-bit RSA signing subkey with 5 year expiry
- Export the master keypair (pub + priv key) to an encrypted USB stick
- Generate a revocation key, put it on the encrypted USB stick
- Put the resulting USB stick somewhere safe, maybe back it up too
- Remove the master private key from the keyring (not the private subkeys)
- Export the public key, and the laptop private key to another USB stick
- Power off the laptop to erase RAM
- Import the laptop key into my laptop's GnuPG keyring for daily use
- Upload the public key to a keyserver
- Get some key signatures
- Sign some other public keys (will need master key for this)
And my gpg.conf (on the PC where the key is generated as well as on
the laptop) looks like this:
Now I have a few questions about the above procedure.
A) Is my key generation procedure okay? Am I missing any critical
steps? I mostly followed one of the articles I linked above. Are these
keys (with additional signing subkey) compatible with other OpenPGP
B) Are my gpg.conf settings ok? Am I missing any important options?
Would you add/remove any? Change any?
C) What is the purpose of this line "sig-notation
issuer-fpr at notations.openpgp.fifthhorseman.net=%g" in the config file?
I can't seem to understand it. Why was it proposed? Is it compatible?
D) While reading the GnuPG manual I came across some missing options
that I *might* want to add. These were not proposed in the article.
Should I add any of the following options to the config file, and what
should I set them to?
E) I noticed this: cert-digest-algo SHA512
The GnuPG 2 manual (pg. 51) warns that if this is set to a value that
other OpenPGP implementations don't support, some users will be unable
to use my key signatures. Personally I don't mind using strong hashes,
but is this going to be a problem? I have no idea what other OpenPGP
implementations support. GnuPG is the only one I know about.
F) I like twofish. Should I add it to the list of my personal preferences?
G) I have read some complaints from users about keys that use long
signature hashes like sha512. In particular this makes emails
difficult to read because some discussions can get crowded with long
signatures, which is rather irritating to read and navigate. Is it
possible to use sha256 for email signatures, and sha512 for everything
else i.e. signing files. I use Thunderbird with Enigmail on Linux.
H) Is it okay to generate PGP keys on a live linux CD? I mean is there
sufficient entropy present? What can I do to introduce some more noise
into the system? Some tutorials suggest moving the mouse, others tell
me to use IO-heavy tasks i.e. the "find" command. Comments?
There. That's about everything I came up with. Hopefully we can clear
up the confusion, and I am looking forward to using GnuPG. I would
like to thank you in advance for any answers, hints, comments,
suggestions and advice.
Best regards,

@_date: 2014-06-06 18:46:44
@_author: Cpp 
@_subject: New user needs some help 
Gmail is annoying... anyway, reposting:
Alright, thanks for elaborating it. Does this mean that the notation
(the "sig-notation issuer-fpr at notations.openpgp.fifthhorseman.net=%g"
line) is final, and is not going to change in the future?
I noticed that GnuPG also offers a "cert-notation" option - should
this be set too or can I safely omit it?
dkg: I have no idea what the answers should be. But guessing I'd just
put the second answer as "cert-notation
issuer-crt at notations.openpgp.fifthhorseman.net=%g" though I'm unsure
whether the presence of cert-notation it is necessary.

@_date: 2014-06-24 09:36:22
@_author: Cpp 
@_subject: riseup.net OpenPGP Best Practices article 
I was going to create a new PGP key myself by following that article.
Werner, do you have any more input or comments to add regarding that
article? I am curious to hear input from multiple sources/people.

@_date: 2014-11-02 09:42:00
@_author: Cpp 
@_subject: Is gpg-agent passphrase status query possible? 
I see that command will print out the passphrase in clear text. Is
this secure to use just like that? I mean whats the chance the
passphrase gets siphoned by some other app during the parsing?
Basically I'm only interested in whether the passphrase is present or
not, not the actual passphrase itself. The exit status code of
gpg-connect-agent does not seem to reflect the passphrase status.

@_date: 2014-10-30 23:14:12
@_author: Cpp 
@_subject: Is gpg-agent passphrase status query possible? 
I use gpg to store my password-protected private key(s) and some
public keys, but there is also gpg-agent daemon that is used to act as
a backend (key and password manager) to certain applications. I have
configured this agent to remember the secret key passphrase for 15
minutes and then forget it. If the passphrase has been entered
recently, the provided encrypted files will automatically decrypt. If
not then either the command line will prompt me for a passphrase or
the gtk pinentry will pop up. Is there a way to "query" gpg-agent to
see whether a correct passphrase has been recently entered for a
particular secret key, and has not yet been forgotten?
Basically I use Thunderbird with Enigmail to manage encrypted email,
and I find it extremely annoying when each and every time the pinintry
pops up when I accidentally click an encrypted email. Since I use a
long passphrase I find it a nuisance to have to either type it in or
close the pinentry window each time. So was hoping there is a "query"
feature in gpg-agent that an application like enigmail can use to see,
if a particular secret key is unlocked (and it must not trigger any
prompts/popups like gtk-pinentry).
Currently enigmail attempts to automatically decrypt each and every
encrypted email upon opening it regardless of whether a secret key has
been unlocked or not. There's an option to disable this automatic
decryption, but that forces the user to manually decrypt every email,
which is again an annoyance. I was hoping to see a behavior where the
emails are only automatically decrypted, if the correct secret key is
currently unlocked in gpg-agent, else nothing happens (no pinentry
popups!). The user must click the "decrypt" button, enter the key
once, and all emails decrypt so long as the secret key remains
unlocked in gpg-agent.
