
@_date: 2008-05-08 15:08:41
@_author: Chilupuri, 
@_subject: How to decrypt multiple blocks of encrypt messages in one csv file 
Hi ,
I got a situation like below:
Web form with name,address,creditcard details so on. so i'm encrypting
using the public key,and storing it in the database.
Later i'm exporting the results from the database to the Excel
file.(ex:donation.csv which includes all the encripted blocks of data )
For decryption purpose i'm changing the file name as example:
Now i want to decrypt the whole file .I tried c:\>gpg --decrypt-files
"donation.csv.gpg"(i'm providing passphrase)
It decrypting  only the first record and skipping all the other records.
Please can some one help me to solve this problem?
Thanks' in advance.
Kind Regards,
Chary Chilupuri |  Senior Analyst |  Eclipse |  Deloitte
T: (02) 9322 5424  |  M: +61 (433) 914 042  |  Web:
  Level 2, Grosvenor Place, 225 George Street Sydney 2000, Australia
The Eclipse Group is a wholly owned subsidiary of Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu. This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are
addressed. If you are not the intended recipient of this email, you must
not disseminate copy or otherwise use this information. If you have
received this in error, please notify the Eclipse Group immediately
P Please consider the environment before printing.
This email and any attachments to it are confidential. You must not use, disclose or act on the email if you are not the intended
recipient.   Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional
Standards Legislation.  Deloitte is a member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (a
Swiss Verein).  As a Swiss Verein (association), neither Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu nor any of its member firms has any liability for each other's acts or
omissions.  Each of the member firms is a separate and independent legal entity
operating under the names "Deloitte", "Deloitte &
Touche", "Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu", or other related names. Services are provided by the member firms or their subsidiaries and affiliates
and not by the Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Verein.
