
@_date: 2007-09-06 10:52:18
@_author: Paladino, Vanda K 
@_subject: losing meaningful whitespaces in an encrypted file 
Thanks for your quick replies.  I actually drafted that message last
week but just managed to get it to go through today, so I do have some
more information.
I've gotten someone over here to help me a  bit, and we've run some
Our file is being encrypted with gpg version 1.2.6
We had them send us an encrypted file and we decrypted it using gpg
version 1.4.5 and the spaces were missing.  We decrypted it with PGP as
well, and the spaces were also missing, not sure what version of PGP
that was, I can find out.
I did originally go to the PGP people for help, and they, of course,
sent me over here :)
But it is starting to seem like the problem is on our side, which would
be the gpg side of the issue.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, September 06, 2007 10:41 AM
Have you tried a test decryption on your end?  E.g., encrypt the file
with your own public key and then decrypt that, and see whether the 13
spaces are present?
Also, version numbers would be very useful--both GnuPG on your end and
PGP on the vendor's end.
This may very well be a PGP problem as opposed to a GnuPG problem, in
which case you may be better served on a PGP list such as PGP-Basics at
Yahoo! Groups.
Impossible to say without more information.  My inclination is to think
it's probably on the vendor's end, especially if you're using a recent
version of GnuPG.  There are a lot of PGP 5.0 and 6.5.8 installations
out there, and both of them substantially predate the OpenPGP standard
which GnuPG conforms to.

@_date: 2007-09-06 11:15:55
@_author: Paladino, Vanda K 
@_subject: losing meaningful whitespaces in an encrypted file 
I'm pretty sure it's the correct command line.  I asked them twice, and
they sent me a line of copy and paste straight out of the UC4 job.  I
had it in my head that the -f indicated the filename, but now that I
look, I'm not sure where I read that.  I'm checking with our Production
Control guys now on that one.
Thanks for all the suggestions and comments so far, any help is good
help at this point!
Vanda Paladino

@_date: 2007-09-11 07:20:12
@_author: Paladino, Vanda K 
@_subject: losing meaningful whitespaces in an encrypted file 
Sorry I don't know why that took so long to get through, and I also
apologize for the multiple posts of the same message.  I was using a
funky web interface to your mailing list and it seems to not like me
very much.
As clarification on the original issue, we weren't sending it as text,
we were sending it as a binary file.
However, we did finally at least partially identify our problem.
Version 1.2.6 for Linux strips our end of line white spaces.
Version 1.2 for Unix does not.
We'll be going back to using our Unix machine to do the encrypting until
we can upgrade or downgrade as necessary to find a linux version that
behaves properly.
Thanks to everyone here who helped me out via private email to narrow
down the solution.
Vanda Paladino -----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, September 10, 2007 8:55 PM
Again, this is not a bug, but a documented part of the protocol.
There are ways around it, and the details on this will be changing in
the future, but at least for today, if you send files as text, you will
lose end-of-line whitespace.

@_date: 2007-09-12 13:12:35
@_author: Paladino, Vanda K 
@_subject: losing meaningful whitespaces in an encrypted file 
I only know what my guys tell me :)  They say we have 1.2.6 on one
machine (the linux machine) and 1.2.0 on the other (the other unix
machine).  And someone else told me that Unix and Linux had different
versions of gpg, I didn't check that out, so apologies if it isn't the
case! -----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, September 12, 2007 12:45 PM
On Tue, 11 Sep 2007 13:20, vbushfield at purdue.edu said:
If you are not subscribed at this address, modertaor approval is
required.  That may take some time.  BTW, thanks to the volunteers who
to this moderating for so many years now.
Also make sure that you don't send out HTML mails, or mails withy HTML
parts of ZIP files etc.
Hmmm, Linux is as much a Unix as any other Unix.  What do you mean by
version 1.2? gnupg 1.2.0?  All Unix versions are identical in particular
in the parts of the code handling the bulk data and doing white space
removal.  The only problem I recall are those with large files; that is
the usual 2 GB problem on some machines.
   Werner
Die Gedanken sind frei.  Auschnahme regelt ein Bundeschgesetz.
