
@_date: 2015-08-16 17:31:10
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: protecting pub-keys from unwanted signatures 
Sure it helps. If Alice signs my key and Bob wants to send me something
and trusts Alice, he can derive some trust that my key is also genuine.
One could argue that anyone who I do not know and who anyhow signs my
key will probably not be (rightfully) trusted by anyone. However, some
magazines (I'm thinking of c't) for example might put their fingerprint
on each issue and someone who buys it might sign their key so that some
friend of theirs who has not direct access to that can still be somehow
sure that the key is correct.
I haven't looked at Facebook's public key, but let's assume that I want
to send them an e-mail and tell my client 'get the key of
info at facebook.com'. It will download the key with a lot of signatures,
some of which might be owned by someone in my web of trust. This person
has probably just checked that the fingerprint given on their webpage
matches the one of this particular key, but then that's something I do
not need to check myself.
(Not sure if that should be enough to sign a key, though...)
Kind regards

@_date: 2015-12-27 11:04:16
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: advice please 
Hash: SHA256
If I remember correctly, the set of 'applications' on an Ubuntu system
is only a subset of the set of packages. Specifically, applications
are only programs that, when installed, have entries in the menu (or
its Unity replacement). Programs that are console-only are usually not
listed in the menu and it is possible that they are also not listed in
the Software Center.
So the fact that there is no application called gnupg does not mean
that gnupg is not installed. It probably is. Maybe just open a
terminal and type 'gnupg', that way you can be sure.

@_date: 2015-07-04 11:24:19
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: Merging private subkeys into other key 
there has already been a discussion on this two years ago, see
I have been following the intstructions on
 for some time now, with my master key
only residing on my backup disk and several machines having only the
subkeys. But now I somehow have the problem that only an older version
of the master key is still there, so I have one keyring with the master
secret key but without the most recent subkeys and another with the most
recent subkeys but without the master key. Does anyone have an idea how
to merge them? Using --import results in
gpg: Total number processed: 2
gpg:              unchanged: 1
gpg:       secret keys read: 2
I also tried
$ gpg --homedir /mnt/backup/.gnupg --expert --edit-key gpg> addkey
Please select what kind of key you want:
  (13) Existing key
Your selection? 13
Enter the keygrip: No key with this keygrip
I am not sure what the keygrip is, but I guess it is only valid within
the same keyring or something?
Any help is greatly appreciated. In a month or so I need to create new
subkeys and I would rather not lose my current subkeys.

@_date: 2015-07-04 16:34:32
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: Merging private subkeys into other key 
thanks for the quick reply, but I am using GPG 2.1.5 and 'gpg --import
sec.key' does not seem to work if there are already other subkeys of the
same key present. I guess the patch mentioned in the link in my earlier
post has never been accepted into the source code.
In principle I also found this problematic on earlier occasions, namely
even if I the key on my backup partition was up-to-date and I added a
new subkey there, it was somehow non-intuitive to get the keyrings on my
PC and laptop up-to-date. It seems it is necessary to delete the
complete key from them first and then re-import them. Or is there a
better way?

@_date: 2015-07-04 18:18:53
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: Merging private subkeys into other key 
OK, it seems that the actual problem was that --export-secret-subkeys
does not work if I leave the passphrase empty. Since my hard disks are
encrypted, I usually do not have passphrases for my secret keys and
since GnuPG 2.0 this created some problems. When I exported them with a
passphrase and imported them, giving that passphrase, they are correctly
merged into the existing key. Afterwards the passphrase can be deleted
I now also understand why gnupg is always asking multiple times for a
(new) passphrase when exporting or changing the passphrase - it seems to
have a different passphrase for each subkey. Of course this is not very
helpful if the dialog does not specify which key is about to be changed.
I guess I should file a bug report for this, if I create a new subkey
every year it will take quite a while to export the complete key if I
have to type a passphrase for each of them in a few years...

@_date: 2015-07-30 08:04:28
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
As far as I understand it, for any key that you have - regardless
whether you have access to the mail address in the uid - you can add
some signature where anyone with the public key can quickly check that
the person that posesses the private key has spent a specific amount of
computing power (p.e., 1 week with an average PC) to create this
signature. It is hard to create the signature (impossible without the
private key, a lot of computing power with it) but easy to check.
Essentially, you create the possibility to make a key 'premium' by
spending this time and hope that trolls who flood the keyservers with
fake keys will be deterred by the costs. Anyone who does not have any
problem with trolls can of course still upload a non-premium key.
I myself find the idea not so appealling. I would not like it if after
creating a key my machine had high CPU load for a couple of weeks. And I
doubt that many trolls will be deterred by it - the number of fake keys
per time interval will go down, but since they are anyhow going out of
their way to create problems for others without any gain for themselves,
I think a significant portion will still do it even if it costs more.
I rather like the idea of servers that offer to sign your key (or rather
a specific UID) and send it to your email, encrypted to you. For the
user this just means that if he has the problem of trolls using his
address he has to send his key to such a server or upload it in a
webinterface, then receive the mail, decrypt it and import the contained
signatures to his key, and optionally upload his new key to a keyserver
- with enigmail, for example, everything done within a few clicks.
Anyone who looks for a key to a specific mail address on a keyserver
will probably, when faced with multiple results, take the one that has
most signatures (and isn't expired) - especially if some of the
signatures are from email-verification-sounding hostnames. Therefore,
there is no necessity to create a whitelist of servers (but it can be
done, if a user decides to trust signatures of a specific server) and it
is still decentralized - anyone can set up such a verification server.
Of course with a lot of effort, a troll could still try to create a
complete fake network and cross-sign different keys. But here the amount
of work to be done for a troll is much bigger than that for a genuine
user, so hopefully it will not be a problem. It would also be possible
to check for known services if the signature is actually theirs (by
checking the key with that on the homepage or something like that), but
of course it should have been possible to do that with the original
recipient already...
These signatures should expire after a year or so, so keys where the
owner no longer has acces to the private key will loose these signatures
after a while. I myself have two older keys from early experiments
(where I did not specify an expiry date) uploaded to the keyserver
network, but I guess anyone who looks me up will take my current key,
because it has much more subkeys (which I now change every year) and
also some signatures.
Now that I think about it - if I search for the original author of the
c't article (ju at ct.de), who complained about getting mails that were
encrypted to some fake key, I would assume that the keys 38EA4970 and
E1374764 are both genuine, because they both have not only selfsigs.
BTW, they are both signed by different keys with the UID
'pgpCA at ct.heise.de', so they already have a similar service in place -
of course I had to do a websearch to find if these keys are genuine,
which should probably be easier. I guess ideally the UID would contain a
weblink to a page that has the fingerprint and describes the service

@_date: 2015-07-30 10:27:37
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
Not according to
where three different keys are listed (two DSS and one RSA).

@_date: 2015-07-30 17:12:35
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
I'd say if one searches on a keyserver, it is pretty clear which key is
real. I'm a bit worried because when I search with Enigmail it does not
show the signatures, so from there they all seem equally valid.

@_date: 2015-07-31 07:43:29
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: Proposal of OpenPGP Email Validation 
on their website, I failed to find it.)
On the front page they have 'to verify the signature, please download
and import our ' right below the download button. There is
no fingerprint, but the whole key is there.
But I was talking about the fact that of the six results, one has
hundreds of signatures. Sure, in the web of trust concept this doesn't
mean anything unless there is a (short) trust chain from me to one of
these, but in practice this still significantly rises the chance that it
is the correct key (and it is, I checked with the one on their homepage).
'gpg --search-keys' does not seem to give a list of signatures (which
explains why enigmail also doesn't), I was searching using a web
interface. I guess this is because it is assumed that signatures do not
mean anything without a trust chain. But if I had to bet money on one of
the keys, I would still take the one with hundreds of signatures.
If I could quickly check (or rather, my client could do that
automatically) that the signature is also found on their web page, I can
assume that either the web page is fake (which is unlikely for something
known like ccc.de), it has been hacked (unlikely for a random troll) or
someone intercepted either my HTTP request or the original verification
e-mail (possible with a secret service, unlikely with a troll).
Therefore, it will raise my estimated probability that the owner of the
key also has access to the mailbox, which will pretty surely now be much
higher than for any fake key.
The advantage with respect to the proof of work concept is that the
procedure is asymmetric: it costs much more to troll than to verify a
genuine key.
Best regards,

@_date: 2016-04-01 07:49:59
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: where is gnupg configure file 
Are you sure that you are using gpg2? private-keys-v1.d only contains
private keys for gpg2. gpg1 stores them in ~/.gnupg/secring.gpg or
something like that. If enigmail uses gpg2 and you created your key with
gpg1, they will not see the same keys. '--version' is your friend.
IIRC, using the key with gpg2 will import it from gpg1. There was a nice
online FAQ entry or something alike where the process is described, but
I can't find it at the moment.

@_date: 2016-04-29 08:30:28
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: Top-posting 
In Thunderbird, you can set "start my reply below the quote". You still
need to remove everything from the reply that you are not directly
responding to.

@_date: 2016-03-05 21:11:40
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: Encryption of multiple files into another directory 
the filenames are not important for the content of the files. If you run
the 'file' command on the files (i.e., "file
indeed gpg-encrypted files. You can simply rename the files to add the
'.gpg' extension if you want. The original command can be modified as
for x in /media/usb/folder_1/*; do gpg2 -o
"/media/usb/folder_2/$(basename "$x").gpg" -r 0x12345678 -e "$x"; done
if you want to append the extension directly.
Best regards,

@_date: 2016-03-08 18:00:30
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: Remove photos from OpenPGP key in the keyservers 
I always wondered what would happen if someone uploaded something to the
keyservers where he has no permission to do so. Maybe some revealing
photograph of someone. It might also be possible to somehow use the
keyservers for file sharing, although it might be difficult to do so
since they probably have a file size limitation. How do keyservers
manage DMCA claims?

@_date: 2016-03-18 13:50:41
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: (OT) mathematicians-discover-prime-conspiracy 
Any match of a pattern (HH or HT) to a sequence of coin tosses can be
either align (i.e., starting at the first/third/fifth etc. toss) or
misaligned (second/fourth etc.). If you count the number of aligned
matches in a sequence of a given length, you will get the same
probability regardless of the pattern. The same with the misaligned
matches. However, the number of aligned and misaligned matches is not
independent. For HH, they are correlated (if one pair of tosses is a
match, the two overlapping ones are each matches with probability 0.5
instead of 0.25) while for HT they are anticorrelated (if one pair is a
match, the overlapping ones can't be matches). Therefore, you will find
more matches for HH than for HT. If you toss until you get a result,
with HH you will get it quicker on average.

@_date: 2016-03-21 20:16:21
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: EasyGnuPG 
Actually, it seems that if you omit -o, gpg2 will do exactly this.

@_date: 2016-03-21 20:30:07
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: Should always add myself as recipient when ecrypting? 
I guess if you have a reason to keep a copy in your 'Sent' folder
(talking about email now) you have a reason to also encrypt to yourself.
Especially for IMAP, where all you email correspondence is synced
between multiple devices, you will not want to keep the cleartext file
only on one machine and you will not want to put the cleartext on the
server, so you will encrypt it to yourself and store the result on the
One might argue that you should send a file that is only encrypted to
your recipient and store a file that is only encrypted to yourself, so
if one of you deletes his copy, the attack opportunities are also reduced.
I know that Enigmail has the option to save draft messages encrypted to
oneself, but I am not sure what it does with encrypted sent messages.

@_date: 2016-03-21 21:05:10
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: more files in private-keys-v1.d than shown with 'gpg --with-keygrip 
is there a possibility to list what each of the private keys in
~/.gnupg/private-keys-v1.d is? Some of them I recognize in the listing
of 'gpg --with-keygrip -K', but there are six files in the folder while
only three keygrips are shown by the command (one of which is the master
key and not present in the folder). I guess these are expired subkeys
which I somehow deleted from my keyring, but why would the private keys
still be present?

@_date: 2016-03-22 10:12:36
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: more files in private-keys-v1.d than shown with 'gpg 
Thanks, I found it myself but since the sender of a mail to the list
does not get a copy of it, I could not simply reply. If I use
'--list-options show-unusable-subkeys', I see the missing keys, they are
simply expired. Sorry to disrupt.

@_date: 2016-03-23 06:04:46
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: EasyGnuPG 
In this case, I think you have got a point. I think the gnupg default of
'expires: never' is not the best solution, since people who just try it
out might end up with a public key published to keyservers where they
have lost the private key. Of course, this is not different from fake
keys published by third parties, as long as there are no relevant
signatures on it nobody should trust them. But I still think it might be
better to set a default expiry of, let's say, 1 year and two months for
the primary key and one year for the subkeys.
Then there is the problem that the user might not notice that his key is
expired. I remember vagely spending a day trying to find the error until
I noticed that my subkeys were expired. But this might have been a
problem with Enigmail, which did not give a clear error message.
However, one month is IMHO too short. But maybe I'm not the best judge
since the last time I wrote an encrypted email was multiple months ago
and I only once in my lifetime got an encrypted email except for testing
purposes. Renewing my keys every month (and, which is more difficult
than simply remembering to do so, distributing them between the couple
or so machines where I read email) would be too much of a hassle.

@_date: 2016-03-29 05:43:47
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: EasyGnuPG 
Depending on the system, the gnupg 2.x executable is still called 'gpg'.
I guess it depends on if the distributor wants to keep easy backwards
compatibility. On archlinux, for example, there is only one gnupg
package and it currently ships 2.1.11. The executable is called gpg. I'd
think all distributions will do that at some point since 2.x is meant to
replace 1.x.

@_date: 2016-03-29 06:09:57
@_author: Viktor Dick 
@_subject: EasyGnuPG 
To make my statement more precise, the executable is called gpg2 and
needs to install it from the arch user repositories. Archlinux is not
known for emphasizing backwards compatibility.
