
@_date: 2004-11-09 05:55:48
@_author: Walter Torres 
@_subject: OK, here goes trouble... re c:\gnupg 
I have read the archives.
I've done key word searches.
I've been reading and googling for almost a week.
I think I can ask this now without people throwing "RTFM" at me. Unless
they also throw a URL with it! ;)
The file README.W32 contains the following:
 4. If you did not use the default directory "c:\gnupg", you
    should enter a string with the directory into the Registry
    under the key:
     \\HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\GNU\GnuPG\HomeDir
Now, this is my issue. Registry keys.
I have been working for over a year on finding gnu-type apps and
configuring them to work on my windows machine (almost) as if they were on
I'm almost there! Almost.
I have Apache (with SSL), Perl, mod_perl, SSL, SSH, PHP, Python, CVS (with
SSH), MySQL (almost with SSL), and some 160+ other unix command line
executables running. (still can't find a MAN or windows that I can figure
out how to configure. It gets to my 'HOME' issue)
All without a single registry setting.
All without a single file on the C: drive or in the WINDOWS directory.
Nothing. No where. All within the standard Linux file structure (with
limits. Not everything is in the Linux file structure. I'm not that crazy)
(details at web.torres.ws/dev/php/walters_way)
So now I've turned my sights on GnuPG for windows.
I do have GnuPG running. But it has a registry setting. It breaks my
I need to make one request (and I've read that it has been made before,
many times) to *add* (don't want to break anything) the ability to look
for an ENV VAR labled 'HOME' and use that if the registry key is not
I've read the requests. I've read the (half-hearted) replies.
Now, I will admit I know nothing on the working of GnuPG. I have no idea
what the limitations are on how it operates in Windows. But based upon
what I do know about windows development and restrictions and conditions,
I know that windows apps can (and do) look for and use ENV VARs.
So please, I'm beging some enterprising person to open the source, find
where it looks for the reg key, do a conditional branch and look for an
ENV VAR labled HOME (it has to be that because my CVS and SSH use it, and
I really don't see a need for a second ENV VAR with a different label with
the same definition) if the reg key does not exist, and then go on its
merry way.
As far as I can tell GnuPGP only uses 2 keys. One to tell it where .gnupg
file is and the other for context menu de/encryption (and that has to stay
in the registry, I'm not that fanatical.)
So, now the flames can begin. (I got flamed pretty bad over on the CVS
lists on this topic)
BTW: I saw someone request the the config and keys live in the standard
windows path for users personal directories. Please no. Please.
That directory is buried so deep, backing it up is a pain.
I threw out a good SSH (and SFTP and SCP) client for that very reason.
They saw no validity to not having their the .ssh files anywhere but the
standard windows location. So be it. Their choice, and mine.
Anyway. Anyone game?
  To announce that there must be no criticism of the President,
  or that we are to stand by the President, right or wrong, is
  not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable
  to the American public.
                         - Theodore Roosevelt, 1918
                           26th President of the United States
                           1901-1909

@_date: 2004-11-09 16:21:01
@_author: Walter Torres 
@_subject: OK, here goes trouble... re c:\gnupg 
Just can't keep people happy!  ;)
I prefer the latter, because it does not break Windows methodology and
thinking, as well as GPG windows legacy. For those in the windows world,
the reg key fits and they understand and expect it.
Also, I've found some GUI apps that expect this key as primary source.
For those of us (poor souls) that have a foot in each camp, having the ENV
VAR work if the key is not there works because us Linux folks understand
and expect ENV VARs.
Now that is a nice compromise.
Precedance search:
 1) reg key
 2) GNUPGHOME
 3) HOME
 for Windows folks and legacy.
 for those with only GnuGPG and limited "linux" tools.
 for those stubborn fools that try to have their cake
   and eat it too!
uh - oh
Well, that is true. The windows explorer will NOT let you create a
directory that begins with a PERIOD. But that's OK, because the command
line will. And since this "feature" is for us hopless (and lost) Linux
fools, that works.
OK, Precedance search:
 1) GNUPGHOME
 2) reg key
 3) HOME
Now that I have no leg to stand on. This is very important but I can give
no voice to this.
Lastly, I wish to give my gratitude for this thoughtful conversation on
this topic. Too many times I've been rebuffed out of hand.

@_date: 2004-11-09 16:31:34
@_author: Walter Torres 
@_subject: OK, here goes trouble... re c:\gnupg 
Mark H. Wood added:
I hope so.
Absolutly, but...
And this Windows "feature" is an arguement many use to demand that the
GnuGPG config sit in the directory that GnuGPG.exe sits in, not "some
other directory".
I expected this behavour when I began working with GnuGPG. But I got over
it.  ;)
A very common attitude...
So true, some of us have to work for Palpatine, even if indirectly.
Yes, *optional* is the key word.
Yes, "great kindness".

@_date: 2004-11-10 20:26:36
@_author: Walter Torres 
@_subject: w32 installation paths 
I beg to differ: [note: no idea about 98]
NT/2l/XP will accept...
  cd "C:\Program Files\gnupg\gpg.exe"
Or any other path of any length, with or without spaces. But notice, I had
to give it quote marks because of the spaces in the directory name.
Very nice.
I've had a few thoughts a "portable" GPG method.
I figure, *if* the next round adds the new path "features" discussed (
which included defaulting the binary (as a last resort) to look in the
same directory the binary for your personal config file), then the binary,
config files and your keys on your CD, or your memory stick or floppy.
Everything is self contained.
Just a theory of mine I was going to explore once this concpet was nailed
down and beta-tested out.

@_date: 2004-11-11 20:25:44
@_author: Walter Torres 
@_subject: w32 installation paths 
Maxine spoke:
OK. I lost you here.
If I have CMD/COMMAND.EXE, gnupg.exe, keys, etc on a UBS Stick, how is
that different than a floppy?
Yes, this is windows speak. But then again, I don't feel that this
"segment" of users should be "ignored" (wrong word) because of that.
GPG is cross-platform, as many other (and a growing number of) Gnu apps are.
This doesn't mean that the MAKE can't be made to understand that "if
WINDOWS, do this, otherwise do 'normal'"
But then again, more and more PCs are becoming Linux, and not every Linux
install has GPG, so this GOG TO GO would be a viable option for that user
base as well.
Yes, I really like this concept.

@_date: 2004-11-16 06:36:01
@_author: Walter Torres 
@_subject: w32 installation paths 
ah, yes. Didn't think of that, but...
On my Windows system, I have Apache, PHP, MySQL, and Perl, GnuGPG all
running with *OUT* volume letters.
All config/ini files defined pathsa re based from "root" [/]. Of course,
all the files are on the same volume on that is not a problem.
If you look at my "unix" volume, it looks *exatcly* linke my Linux box at
work. Well, not exactly, but close enough for government work.
So, given that, I don't see why a GPG TO GO couldn't live on a CD or UDB
But I'd have to play and see.
Yes, I understand that POV. I worked (for a time) on the cryporights
project. Still put time in in the Squirelmail GPG project. I work across
the "hall" from Brian Peterson, the brain behind that [Squiremail
GPG]project so this securtiy chea ozzes around our office!  ;)
Taking it to the next level.
   web.torres.ws/dev

@_date: 2008-04-21 09:25:08
@_author: Walter Torres 
@_subject: changing the default keyring location in windows 
Quoting Matt Kinni :
First, take a look at my wiki, it describes how I install GnuGP and  moved the files to where I think they should belong...
   Second, it seems that my description is a bit old since a  non-installer ZIP is no longer offer. I hope my method of moving the  keys still works, but...
Gnu Gurus at large,
I would love to have a non-installer ZIP version available again. I  don't like installers. I don't know where files are being put. I don't  know what keys are being created.
Take a look at my install method. (Above URL) My methodology has a  linux-type setup on my windows. Files "live" where they are supposed  to live (as if it was a linux box).
Yes, I know, "if you want linux Walter, why not just use linux ". Long  story. But that doesn't change the fact that too many Gnu apps  developers for Windows think they have to change the way the Gnu app  works (or at least where the files reside) because they are on  Windows. Registry keys are not mandatory! You can develop an app  without them, for the most part.
I don't have a single file in my Windows System directory.
I have only 4 or 5 registry keys (and 2 of them are for GnuGP!).
When my Windows machine needs to be rebuilt (and as you know, Windows  does far too often!) I don't have to spend days rebuilding my linux  side. All my "linux apps" are on their own volume, so they are not  effected when I wipe C: drive. Then all I do is re-enter the ENV VARS  (and the 4 or 5 keys) and I'm back in business. 10 minutes and I done!
And BTW: GnuGP and the USERS directory path directive in Apache are  the only two items that I *have* to use a volume letter.
I don't know if the "left click and encrpyt" feature (I like that  one!) can be moved from the registry, but I do know that the KEYS  location can be removed from the registry. If GnuGP used the HOME ENV  VAR (or at least looked for it) than that key could be removed.
Hope someone understands all this.
