
@_date: 2014-03-23 15:21:05
@_author: wish@dumain.com 
@_subject: How to create GNUPGHOME 
I want to create an empty GNUPGHOME directory in a non-standard location into which I can import
existing keys (both private and public).  What is the best way to do this?
Thanks in advance

@_date: 2014-05-03 13:53:41
@_author: William Hay 
@_subject: UI terminology for calculated validities 
I wonder if discussing terminology separate from the overall UI is the
best idea?  I suspect that the more words one makes people learn to use
a technology the fewer people will use it.  If one wants widespread
adoption I think one needs a GUI (phone/tablet or WIMP style) and this
provides more options than the traditional GnuPG dumb terminal
compatible interface.
However if we're mucking around with terminology can I suggest
replacing the terms key signing and certificates with the metaphor of
'letters of introduction'?  Key signing is a confusing mixed metaphor.
I doubt anyone on the list has ever signed a real key -most inks don't
take well to metals. Certificates on the other hand seem more
appropriate for a hierarchical system than WoT. Letters of introduction
are not something one encounters much in the modern world one but tying
the process to a physical analogue might make things easier to
understand. One could recycle old costume dramas to make tutorials.
In normal usage one needs the answer to two questions:
Can I send private messages to this person?
Did this message/file come from the person in question?
The answers can be represented graphically (green tick, red cross).
The sort of person who is interested in the details of how that
particular conclusion was reached can probably be expected to learn the
current terminology.
It gets a bit more complicated when managing/signing keys  but with a
GUI one could just present statements about a key for the user to assent
(or not to) without any need to classify the statement itself.
I (will not say whether|do not know whether|am quite confident that|am
very confident that) this key belongs to .
Use a drop down menu to choose among the options
Issue letter of introduction: Yes/no?
Accept introductions made via this key: (No,In concert
with X others,Yes).
Certain options (like trust signatures, ultimate trust and accepting
introductions from a key without having validated/authenticated any
userids on it) could be hidden behind an expert mode button.

@_date: 2014-05-03 19:56:55
@_author: William Hay 
@_subject: UI terminology for calculated validities 
Hash: SHA512
On Sat, 3 May 2014 17:28:56 +0100
It's a descriptive term so it shouldn't be all that hard to guess the
meaning. In any case I think people would get it straight away if one
showed them a video clip of someone requesting,receiving and then using
a paper letter of introduction. That would make it easier to explain the
digital equivalent.  Pity D'Artagnan lost his.
In most cases this would have the opposite answer to the second
question.  It might make things simpler to combine them in practice:
Is this an unaltered message/file from the purported sender?   You're right.  If we're not issuing certs/letters of introduction then
there is no need.  If we are then for compatibility with the existing
WoT I don't think we can avoid asking.
Presumably if implementing with the existing gnupg infrastructure this
would be a non-exportable generic certification? I'd prefer to keep things like trust signatures and granting ultimate
trust a little more fenced off than ordinary keysigning/letters of
introduction so perhaps an intermediate mode.
Once you start doing things publicly one would need to pick a
certification level in order to inter-operate with the existing WoT.
It isn't clear to me that there is a good default.
My original phrasing was intended to fit in with the letter of
introduction metaphor.  While in the long run I may have to kill my
darlings for now I'll stick to trying to make my pet metaphor work. In
that context I think leading off the whole thing with "To whom it may
concern," might work better than a separate public declaration for each
uid.  Another one for an intermediate mode I think.

@_date: 2016-03-05 09:12:17
@_author: William Hay 
@_subject: Non-Beeping keypad 
I currently use a PGP card with an SPR532 keypad/cardreader.  However this beeps for attention and with each key press when I enter my pin.  This can be annoying to those around me and also leaks information about the length of my PIN.  I'd like to replace it with a GNUPG 2.0.x compatible reader With a built in keypad that is silent (or can be configured to be so).  However keypads aren't generally advertised with noise level indicators so I was hoping someone on this list might have a recommendation.
Thanks in Advance
