
@_date: 2017-04-01 09:10:55
@_author: Will Senn 
@_subject: some beginner questions 
I am a relative newbie at using gnupg. I've tried it over the years, but
never really committed to using it fully until now. Now, I plan to use
gnupg for email and additional information security on a daily basis. I
have read quite a few books and feel like I have a pretty good grasp of
the basics. I have several practical questions:
1. It seems that the keyservers never forget. In creating keypairs while
trying to figure this out every few years and then forgetting the
passwords or losing the private keys and revocation certificates (which
at the time, I didn't understand the ramifications of and was definitely
not careful enough), it seems like I've left a bit of litter out there.
Do I just move on and try not to do that in the future, or is there any
hope for cleaning up?
2. In everyday use, what is the norm for folks to publish their keys to
get other folks to use them? Do y'all put the fingerprint in your
emails, attach your signatures (I see some of you on this list do), put
the key on your social media, or what?
3. I've read
and other such pieces proclaiming the value of having the master key in
a safe place and having subkeys on your actual devices. I've following
the guides and it seems that I am unable to actually sign anything with
the subkey, gpg complains with gpg: signing failed: No secret key. gpg
-K shows:
sec#  rsa4096 2017-03-11 [SC]
      EA940B8B4625EC287C3BF93FFE9E46E0FBAAB459
uid           [ultimate] Will Senn ssb   rsa4096 2017-03-30 [E]
ssb   rsa2048 2017-03-30 [S] [expires: 2019-03-30]
ssb   rsa2048 2017-03-30 [E] [expires: 2019-03-30]
The second ssb is a signing key [S], so what's up with that, or in other
words, how do I tell gpg to use the signing subkey?
4. Is it safe to refer to my public key/fingerprint information as I did
in the previous question with output from gpg?

@_date: 2017-04-01 19:50:23
@_author: Will Senn 
@_subject: some beginner questions 
I thought this might be the case. On the one hand, bummer, on the other, ok.
Sounds reasonable. I'll look into TOFU, but I think I'll lean towards a
more conservative approach to start.
If I don't get this master/sub key thing figured out successfully soon,
I'll probably go back to defaults.

@_date: 2017-04-02 18:18:52
@_author: Will Senn 
@_subject: some beginner questions 
Doug, interesting term "threat model". I've seen it a few times and
wasn't sure what it meant. Thanks for the simplified explanation. It's a
piece of technical jargon that is part of the difficulty I saw with
learning the OpenPGP terrain. While security folks probably dig the
lingo, for the lay person, it's, well, interesting... I perceive my
threat model as being 1) a risk that someone other than my intended
recipient will gain access to information that I am sending to my
intended recipient  2) a risk that someone other than me will gain
access to information that I want only to be accessible to me. I
envision the solution, based on my understanding of available
(affordable) technologies as being 1) secure method of transmitting
information asynchronously over public media and 2) a method of
encrypting information on local storage media.
As you can see above, my threat model is neither comprehensive, nor is
it fully informed. But, it's pretty much the same story for a lot of
folks. I have learned over the past several weeks, that key management
is potentially a vulnerable point... I kind of suspected this, but after
hanging out in irc for a bit and tor, I'm kinda freaked out that it's a
more widespread problem than most folks realize - trojans are everywhere
Neal pretty much spelled out a reasonable answer to these questions, but
I'm not having much luck signing with subkeys, so I'm not convinced this
is worth the headache and increased complexity of key management.
After some thought and additional input, I don't think it is unsafe. But
I was curious if my slightly informed perspective would bear up to
additional scrutiny.

@_date: 2017-04-02 18:23:14
@_author: Will Senn 
@_subject: some beginner questions 
Sounds like what I was led to believe to be the case, but at the end of
the day, I don't seem to be able to sign anything with the signing
subkey if the master key is not present (with sec instead of sec Do
you know how I get it to use the subkey (the manual says it will default
to a signing subkey, but that's not my experience).

@_date: 2017-04-03 18:04:12
@_author: Will Senn 
@_subject: some beginner questions 
Actually, I appreciate all of the detail. I will start off with a simple
keypair that I am careful with. Based on my current understanding, if my
passphrase is known only to me, is sufficiently long and unique, if I
keep my secret key reasonably secure, and keep it local to my own
devices, I should be reasonably safe from exploit against all but the
most determined folks.

@_date: 2017-04-03 18:18:59
@_author: Will Senn 
@_subject: Smart card 
In my PGP research, I have been looking for a smart card that supports
openpgp. I found the OpenPGP Card Version 2.1 over at kernelconcepts,
but I'm wondering if they are still operational. I also saw something
called a Yubi Key on Amazon. I found this howto that is pretty dated:
My questions for today are:
Are smartcards out of vogue? If not, can you suggest resources that will
help a newb make decisions regarding them?
If this has been addressed recently, my apologies, I couldn't find a
search interface for gnupg-users...

@_date: 2017-04-03 21:12:38
@_author: Will Senn 
@_subject: Smart card 
What do you mean by "will be better served by avoiding them"? What's the

@_date: 2017-04-03 22:33:46
@_author: Will Senn 
@_subject: Smart card 
I'm sure I should be offended, but I have a sneaky suspicion my question
sucked :).
I didn't ask if I should get one. I asked if there were resources to
help a newb make decisions regarding them. While I sense a certain
disdain in your response, I'll make some clarifying comments in the hope
that its worth the effort...
By way of analogy (only goes so far, I know, but certainly far enough),
let's take the realm of personal security, with which I am intimately
and extensively familiar. If someone comes up to me and asks me if I
could help point them to some resources about choosing a martial art, I
might answer as follows:
Should you study a martial art? Sure if you need to.
Probably not though. I would likely just ask the necessary, perhaps even
tedious guiding questions to help the novice understand why the question
lacks elegance and then try to make some reasonable suggestion for
further study. Something along the lines of: That's a pretty broad
question, grasshopper, are you wanting to study for health, safety, fun
or what? There's quite a bit of information out there on martial arts, a
pretty good place to start is
 it's not a highly technical
reference, but it's pretty broad in its coverage and it's written for
the lay person. Oh, you've done Karate for a few years and Aiki, as
well. Huh, ok, in that case you need to self reflect a bit and perhaps
read some of the history associated with a variety of eastern and
western arts to inform your decision process...
I know, I'm a softy at heart and I'm by no means an RTFM, you should ask
better questions you moron, type. Although, I certainly have no problem
with those that are, other than finding them droll.
A simple, I don't really know of a good, current overview of Smart Cards
for non-expert users would have sufficed, that is if you lack knowledge
of such. Otherwise, I could sure use a steer to a good overview...
This is really good advice for practically any purchase/system
acquisition I'll ever make. I'll keep it in mind.

@_date: 2017-04-04 00:19:11
@_author: Will Senn 
@_subject: Smart card 
Fair enough, and I have learned quite a bit based on everyone's
responses. I admit, freely, to not understanding everything that y'all
have said. I do not really know what I need vs what I think I need. In
my uneducated state, I think I want to be as secure as possible and I'm
willing to invest time and energy in the pursuit of what knowledge I
need. But I don't know what I don't know. It just seems to me that if
having access to PGP helps me secure my email from prying eyes, and
keeps my sensitive files from being viewed by others, that is helpful.
What I've read seems to hint that a smart card is a good way to limit
some of the potential exposure of having keys laying around.
I thought I answered the threat model question, but if I haven't I'm
sorry. See if this is a threat model:
I'm a tech savvy citizen who wants to protect my email (Seems to be
working - Enigmail automates encryption, signing, and decryption pretty
seemlessly), protect my files on disk (GPG's symmetric encryption works
for this quite easily and well), sign files that I share (GPG signatures
seem ideal), verify software packages that I download (gpg --verify
seems much better than relying on a hash that has no relationship with
an identity), begin to establish a public identity that is trustable and
verifiable (web of trust type stuff, my understanding here begins to get
fuzzier), and do this on mac/linux (very rarely, windows) machines that
are permanently or occasionally attached to a reasonably secure home
network that is behind a reasonably sophisticated firewall, as well as a
laptop that occasionally connects to secure networks outside of the home.
What I noticed, while I was figuring out how to do the six normal gpg
operations, is that I have a hard time with key proliferation - it seems
like having lots of devices either makes for having lot of copies of
keys or lots of copying of files to and from the device with the keys...
So, I just thought (hoped) that a Smart Card might be a solution for a
problem like this :).
I get it. Thanks... if I could only figure out how to ask the right
question :).

@_date: 2017-04-04 07:32:07
@_author: Will Senn 
@_subject: Smart card 
Hi Jan,
I've used site syntax all over the place, but I just never thought to
use it against a mailing list archive in this way, so obvious in retrospect.

@_date: 2017-04-04 07:47:02
@_author: Will Senn 
@_subject: Smart card 
Yes, sadly this is true, but I'm reading everything in sight trying to
get up to speed. Security sites are littered with trashy, half-true,
jargon ridden, gobbledegook, with a few gems here and there and a lot of
it is so not newb friendly. Admittedly, I'm not your average user, just
an uninformed one in the security realm, still, the going is a bit
rough. I appreciate y'alls patience as I get up to speed. I'll try not
to be a bore.
The kernelconcepts website has this banner:
Soon the shop will return ... until then, please order the old-fashioned
way by sending an email to order at kernelconcepts.de.
So I emailed them and waited a week with no response. I then went
looking for alternatives and found many sites that referred to that site
as their distributor. Regarding the yubikey, I read a post that
expressed some doubts about recent versions (completely unsubstantiated,
but data of a sort nonetheless). Amazon didn't offer much in the way of
product. Based on limited evidence I thought I should ask y'all. Hence
the pointedness of the question. In retrospect, my original email would
have been MUCH different :).

@_date: 2017-04-06 15:53:54
@_author: William Senn 
@_subject: Opening the Gnupg interface on linux 
Hi Tay Too,
Yes, .gnupg is a directory where gpg finds/puts its files. The command you want is either:
You can learn a bit more about it via an online tutorial, but also via the man page (the manual page on your computer) by typing:
man gpg
or possibly man gnupg (i'm not at console atm)!
There might also be an info page:
info gpg
Good luck!
Sent from my iPhone
Will Senn, PhD
Assistant Professor of Community Informatics
School of Library and Information Studies
Texas Woman's University
Stoddard Hall, Room 408
P.O. Box 425438
Denton, TX 76204-5438
Phone: 615-603-5354
Email: wsenn1 at twu.edu

@_date: 2017-04-09 17:09:03
@_author: Will Senn 
@_subject: Smart card 
Robert et al.,
I have to admit the replies to this thread have been very informative in
ways that simple answers just never would be. Here I was trying to get
"it" "right" the first (thirty first) time, when it's clear that there's
no it or right. I am heartened by the dialog and as a result of my
reading, think that my approach will be fine for my threat vector :).
BTW, I got a yubikey4 and immediately sent it packing back to the
manufacturer after the tech support guy told me to reset the card and
try again for the second time without being able to explain why this
would help. I'm still waiting on my kernelconcepts card to arrive, no
telling if it'll work any better, but as somebody else on the thread
mentioned, it's fun trying out the cryptocandy. After reading this
thread and some other resources, I'm pretty sure having a smartcard
isn't going to make me much more secure than simply using gpg given my
apparent naivete over so much of the terrain.
On another note, while I am totally committed to better understand
gnupg, I find the bulk of available material in its domain to be
inconsistent, contradictory, sophmoric, written in faux cryptogeek, and
generally misleading.  Gems are nearly impossible to find. I have read
at least a couple of dozen intro to gnupg articles that completely fail
to arrive at consensus on the fundamentals. What gets encrypted with
what keys? What is a detached signature and why might I want one?
Interestingly, I looked at the documentation in the hopes that this
might be canonical and informative:
the actual command's help:
gpg --help
... snip
--detach-sign [file]       make a detached signature
kinda gathered... or from the user's manual:
Make a detached signature.
ok, so lemme guess, --detach-sign creates a detached signature... hmmm,
nothing about why you'd want one, or what one is good for. Let's take a
look at the uber helpful gnu privacy handbook:
Detached signatures
A signed document has limited usefulness. Other users must recover the
original document from the signed
version, and even with clearsigned documents, the signed document must
be edited to recover the original.
Therefore, there is a third method for signing a document that creates a
detached signature, which is a separate
file. A detached signature is created using the --detach-sig option.
alice%gpg --output doc.sig --detach-sig doc
You need a passphrase to unlock the secret key for
user: "Alice (Judge)"
1024-bit DSA key, ID BB7576AC, created 1999-06-04
Enter passphrase:
Both the document and detached signature are needed to verify the
signature. The--verifyoption can beto check the signature.
blake%gpg  --verify doc.sig doc
gpg: Signature made Fri Jun  4 12:38:46 1999 CDT using DSA key ID BB7576AC
gpg: Good signature from "Alice (Judge)"
Better, but no mention of what keys are used in the process or why.
Also, it sounds like it's not even that useful "has limited usefulness"
and yet, detached signatures are all over the place.
Believe it or not, somebody trying to understand gpg just might like to
know that a detached signature is (or isn't, you tell me, I've seen all
kinds of descriptions) a derived hash (maybe sha512) of the plaintext of
the original document that is encrypted with the sender's private key
and which can only be decoded with the sender's public key
(theoretically publicly accessible) and therefore available to verify by
decrypting the hash and comparing it with an on-the-spot self generated
hash of the current contents. I'm not sure this is how it works, but by
reading dozens of descriptions, I think it's getting closer to reality
than "Other users must recover the original document from the signed
version, and even with clearsigned documents, the signed document must
be edited to recover the original," whatever this is supposed to mean.
I guess what I'm really trying to say is, this "system is so
eye-poppingly user-unfriendly" that it could use some good, clear,
accurate, reasonably comprehensive, accessible literature written by
folks who actually know how stuff works.

@_date: 2017-04-12 11:06:50
@_author: Senn, William 
@_subject: How can I change the passphrase on our secret keys? 
You have to know the original secret key in order to make changes. If
you have lost access to your original passphrase, you are completely out
of luck.

@_date: 2017-04-12 11:20:34
@_author: Senn, William 
@_subject: How can I change the passphrase on our secret keys? 
Well, this is above my paygrade then. I've had this problem on my mac
when I've had stray pieces of gpg strewn all over /usr/local because I
brew installed one too many instances of gpg. The solution in my case
was to remove all traces of gpg, gpg-agent, etc. and then reinstall a
consistent version and rebooting (maybe killall gpg-agent would work too).
Good luck.
)>         >

@_date: 2017-04-17 13:56:49
@_author: William Senn 
@_subject: How can I change the passphrase on our secret keys? 
Same vein, what version of gpg-agent?
Sent from my iPhone
Will Senn, PhD
Assistant Professor of Community Informatics
School of Library and Information Studies
Texas Woman's University
Stoddard Hall, Room 408
P.O. Box 425438
Denton, TX 76204-5438
Phone: 615-603-5354
Email: wsenn1 at twu.edu

@_date: 2017-04-23 04:16:36
@_author: Will Senn 
@_subject: gpg card options 
Is it advisable to set options on a smart card such as Name of
cardholder, Sex, URL of public key, and Language prefs? It just seems
like information like that is extraneous. Thoughts?
