
@_date: 2006-11-13 22:54:03
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: encrypted public keys Was: Re: Bug in getkey.c:2219:merge_selfsigs 
Good habits are easy to break, and bad habits easy to pickup, but I'm
curious why encrypting signed keys back to their owner is a bad habit.
It verifies the other half of the ID on the key (the email address), it
verifies that that person (still) has the secret key and passphrase.
"Manoj's Key-Signing Protocol" takes this to an extreme, in requiring
multiple "secrets" passed back-and-forth before actually signing the key.
There was an interesting article on linuxsecurity.com by "Atom Smasher"
called "pgp Key Signing Observations  Overlooked Social and Technical
Considerations", the only flaw I see is the implicit "you own your
public key". At attrition.org there is "Social Implications of
Keysigning" and it talks about social network mapping, and a virtual
smear campaign.
Only if the owner puts his/her key on a keyserver, or someone
disrespects his right to not have his key there.  I can think of a few
reasons why someone wouldn't want their key on a keyserver, but most of
those reasons would also preclude going to a keysigning party (with that
Personally, while I don't like the aspects of social mapping, once I
have some sigs on my public key, I want it spread far and wide. If those
sigs did not result from my face-to-face meeting with the other person,
then having them on my key doesn't actually improve the web of trust,
and seams reasonable not to have those sigs spread far and wide if I can
help it. If people return their sigs to me, and not to keyservers, then
I decide which ones appear "in the wild".
I am moving into actually using GnuPG, instead of just having 'academic
knowledge' of PGP, so if I've picked up 'wrong' preconceptions I want to
know before I start spreading them to other people.

@_date: 2007-04-03 09:57:25
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: comment and version fields. [Long] 
It is well known to people who have followed PGP & GPG for years, some
who didn't watch as well will see that this 'flaw' has been patched on
multiple occasions so it is nothing to worry about.
Its in the RFC? Should I quote Arthur Dent about where the plans to
destroy his home were hidden, when such a notice should have been mailed
to his home?
Now I haven't read the OpenPGP RFC, but if it is anything like the other
RFCs that I've looked at (but been unable to read) its language is the
worst possible combination between a lawyer and an engineer. Designed to
kill all interest in the subject before getting down to the subject.
Now I just double checked, but the RFC wasn't included as the
documentation of the last GPG release I received. There are man pages,
which can't be read under windows, and there isn't a manual. I assume if
I got GPG more directly, the manual would be included, but I didn't want
install problems and used ThunderbirdPortable, so perhaps that
distributor removed that documentation.
I buy a drill, I know a hand crank or motor turns the bit, and the bit
makes holes. I buy a refrigerator, its job is to keep food cool, I have
now idea how it turns electricity into cooling - and it is not addressed
in the manual, as long as it does its job it doesn't matter. I have a
tool I use to get to work each day, it is called a car. I have the
faintest and most basic understanding of an internal combustion engine,
but have no idea why a muffler reduces pollution so my vehicle passes
emissions tests. I download 7-zip, and use it to compress and decompress
data, do I understand how each compression and decompression work? No.
When I look at the manual, does it tell me how to compress and
decompress by hand? Or does it tell me what non-free programs it makes
obsolete? Even if it started to tell me how to (de)compress, would it
explain the phrase 'dynamic hash table'? I download GPG. Does the manual
explain how each encryption/signing algorithm works? Or does it say it
supports RSA, DH, AES... possibly mentioning limitation of each choice?
 Or does it assume that such details are unimportant as long as the user
gets "gpg -e -r heine file"? Does it say that the comment lines I read
in the (clearsigned) message before running it through GPG are not part
of the signed message, that any third party between the sender and me
could have altered them?
Which explains airport security.  If the RFC had been made to have the
comments above the " --- BEGIN" line, or made it so that it started "---
Begin PGP Message" had comments (and hash) then "--- begin signed" so
that the comments are clearly indicated outside the signed area, this
wouldn't be a problem. Okay, it would be less of a problem, but clearly
showing the signed portion is everything within the beginning and ending
markers (and only that within the markers) is the obvious way people
think.  Instead of an answer along the lines of 'It is not in the
manual, but mentioned in some obscure document surrounded by many
incomprehensible documents says that lines before the first double enter
(normally just "comment" and "hash" lines) are not part of the signed
content, and are meant to be informational to either the OpenPGP client,
or those without a client so they can become informed'.
Fixing the RFC is probably not an option, but being more clear in user
documentation is. Not just the official GnuPG manual, but the OpenPGP
help file in enigmail, and other MUA wrappers.

@_date: 2008-04-16 09:18:46
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: Backport to GPL2 was: Re: Need Help 
The reason is that the FSF released a new version of GPL.  I understand
somewhat why a v3 was needed, and why some would prefer to stay v2.
Political solidarity, or "just following party line", are not sufficient
justification to //some// people to move to move to a new (and to them
possibly inferior) license. If a "stronger" reason was given on this
list, then __I__ missed it. The reasons are 'good enough' to me, and I
suspect that those who have a say in GnuPG's license would prefer to
focus on 'fun coding challenges' than waste their time on a 'dull
political fight'.
I'm uncertain if Michael means to switch to GPL3 or switch to another
OpenPGP implementation that is not GPL (to avoid v3 issues). If
Debabrata's organization has ruled out GPLv3, then a page that lists
some non-GPL OpenPGPs is:
It doesn't reference RFC4880, so if heading that route you might need to
hit the second page of a google search.
I've probably stuck my foot in my mouth, so I'll stop here before I make
it worse.

@_date: 2008-09-20 00:39:44
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: Made of awesome 
It does sound interesting, but how can I trust the signature of a key I
know wasn't generated by the appropriate user? How can anyone trust the
key the listserv generated for me? How can I be certain that at no point
in the future the serve isn't going to forge a signature, since it has
my private (use on list X only) key and passphrase?
How does doubling the number of keys I have (normal GPG, and now list X)
make my own key management simpler (as a simple end user)? What happens
when I find myself on 3 or 4 of these lists? What error do I receive if
I use the wrong key (or none at all)? I see how the admin holding a pool
of keys could make it easier on him.
Who decrypts my message encrypted to the listserve, and how does it get
re-encrypted to each valid list subscriber? How do I know that that
system isn't compromised? How do I know a rogue party isn't subscribed
to the list too?
Maybe because I'm just a casual end user, so I'm not "the market" for
this. It could be useful within an organization. After all if my boss
says "use this GPG key for all internal company email," then the most
effort I'll put in is double checking with a couple other employees that
they were told the same thing. But I wouldn't let any 'forced' trust
permissions affect my personal GPG WoT. And if it is entirely within an
organization, how does the complexity of this compare to:
1. key with shared password
2. a private 509x
3. a full 509x setup
4. running a listserve that decrypts and recrypts automatically under
your own control, using regular GPG keys which may be backed by the WoT.
I don't see an answer to any of these question on the webpages. (They
could be hidden in the PDFs.)
Or to ask the question the way I'd think Robert J. Hansen would ask it
(and I'm not 100% certain I'm using the words right):
What is my threat model, and how does this help? How does this compare
to other solutions?

@_date: 2009-11-27 21:59:36
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: Backup of private key 
But what if you publish it in a paper people actually _read_? :)
While I understand the intent of the statement, and been wanting to
question it for some time (about 3 months).  I do believe it to the
limits of my understanding of modern cryptography.  But I want to make
sure I'm not missing something by the example using such a weak means of
distribution.  I can't say that I've _never_ seen a NYT, but I know I
didn't read the copy that appeared in my elementary school in the 80s.
They've had a good 20 years with which to have folded, or to have
dropped down to a "oh, they still publish?" distribution.
I'll try this modern bent to the question:
If I had a sufficiently good passphrase, would Google returning my
secret key as the first hit result for every search for a day still be
With my understanding, the answer is _still_ yes.
I am under no delusions that my passphrase is that good.  Not that I
have the friends or enemies at Google with which to test it.
