
@_date: 2003-04-08 20:25:01
@_author: Yenot 
@_subject: Import a pubkey sans self-sig? 
Hash: SHA1
I was shocked that non-self-signed UID's were allowed at all.
The only reason I can think of for such a UID, would be to
annotate a local key that you don't own.  (Just as local
signatures are used for localized key annotation.)  I decided
to run some tests.  Others may be interested in the results:
GnuPG 1.2.1

@_date: 2003-06-24 15:59:02
@_author: Yenot 
@_subject: messed up a bit 
Hash: SHA1
- From the text above, I can't tell how the second signature appeared.
My guess is that when you deleted the  signature,
you also accidentally deleted your self signature ... and later
recreated it. (Perhaps you deleted the entire UID and then recreated
it?) If the signature appeared twice on your local keyring (verses
only on the keyserver), you merged this newly created signature onto
a backup (original or/older) version of your key.
If you have multiple signatures from the same user-id (including self
signatures), GnuPG will ignore all but the most recent signature when
performing internal calculations. Redundant signatures aren't
aesthetically pleasing, but they don't cause problems other than
The most confusing part is as follows:
When *importing* signatures made by the same key, OpenPGP
implementations do the following:
 If imported signature is newer than existing signature:
  GnuPG:  Keeps both signatures
  PGPv8:  Keeps both signatures
 If imported signature is older than existing signature:
  GnuPG:  Drops older signature
  PGPv8:  Keeps both signatures
So the number of signatures shown on a key can depend the order in
which those signatures were imported. The same key imported into both
GnuPG and PGPv8 may show different numbers of signatures. Also, if
the signatures were created on the same day, they will look the
same from within GnuPG and PGPv8, although their timestamps differ.
Use  if you need to see the full timestamps on
 - Yenot

@_date: 2003-05-09 13:27:02
@_author: Yenot 
@_subject: Keys not trusted 
Hash: SHA1
You're certainly not the only person with this problem. I know at
least some of the Kmail developers read this list, so may be it would
be useful to start a discussion on the matter. I think Kmail, and
mail agents in general, need some way of sending e-mail to unknown
parties.  Just because I don't know someone's real identity, doesn't
mean that I don't want to send them mail.  And it certainly doesn't mean that I want to add all these letters to a TIA (Total Information
Awareness) database, or in general share these letters with every
Eve, Carnivore, and archiving SMTP server between our two computers.
One way to pick the best key for such e-mail only acquaintances would
be for people within various communities to all use a single robot
authentication authority (for example:
  Some members of this list, such as
GnuPG developer David Shaw, consider this to be a bad idea.  Shaw
proposes that when no trust path to an e-mail exists, the mail client
should encrypt to all available keys for the given e-mail address
(warning the user appropriately). Then when/if the party you sent to
replies, you can set the definitive key based on the key they use in
their reply.  (For this to be accessible to non-crypto zealots, the
mail agent would also need some way of locally signing a key based on
the signature of a received mail.)
I can think of a couple other ideas that would involve caching
previously seen address/fingerprint pairs.  Maybe with an SSH like
feature that warns when an address/fingerprint doesn't match the
address/fingerprint previously seen.  (All my ideas have minor
problems, so I'll wait and see what other people have to say first.)
Do the developers of Kmail, Sylpheed, and/or Enigmail have a vision of
how the mail agent of the future can increase the use of PGP for
casual Internet communications without making major compromises on
the security of more serious communications with known entities?
 - Yenot

@_date: 2003-05-13 15:58:02
@_author: Yenot 
@_subject: Opportunistic Encryption [Was: Keys not trusted] 
Hash: SHA1
Web-of-trust solutions can work within companies and various
communities, but the web of trust based on public keyservers will
never become a universal solution.  We should support web-of-trust
solutions (i.e. use OpenPGP), but we shouldn't ban opportunistic
encryption in order to force the growth of the Web-of-Trust.
Here's two of the reasons why "The Web-of-Trust" (the implementation
based on worldwide public keyservers) will never be more than part of
the total solution:
1)  Keysigning parties are never going to catch on with the masses.
    It's an expensive operation.  Protocols that require expensive
    operations (purchasing a certificate, attending keysigning
    parties, etc.) will never catch on with the masses.
    In order to protect the masses, we need opportunistic encryption.
    Opportunistic encryption may not prevent active attacks, but it
    kills the common case (eavesdropping).  To eliminate active
    attacks, we have direct key signing, keysigning authorities
    schemes, and the Web-of-Trust.
2)  As implemented today, the Web-of-Trust is bad for privacy.
    Advertising e-mail addresses combined with a list of your closest
    contacts (via signatures) works well for an authentication
    protocol, but it's not a good privacy protocol.
    I'm not the only one with this opinion.  50% of the residential
    phone customers in California, USA pay around $0.28 *every* month
    to keep their phone number unpublished.  The nationwide percent
    in America is only around 24%, but some of the phone monopolies
    extort as much as $6.95/month to keep a phone number unpublished.
    On top of this, I believe there have been multiple battles to stop
    American phone companies from selling name/address/phone lists
    of peoples' closest contacts based on call history. The
    Web-of-Trust forces people to disclose this very same information
    that a large percentage of the population (at least in America) do
    not want published.
Allow all forms of authentication including no authentication at all.
Make adding keys and creating local signatures, directly from the
mail client [with or without the help of an external program], as
easy as humanly possible.
3 Authentication Levels:
L1)  No protection (unencrypted, key not available)
L2)  Passive attack protection (encrypted, key not verified)
L3)  Active attack protection (encrypted, key verified)
The difference between (L2) and (L3) could be clearly visable to the
user with clever icons. I strongly believe that we can solve this
problem without confusing the user or giving them a false sense of
Also see analogous problem in current web browser implementations:
For getting from L2 -> L3, I think it would be nice if programs like
KMail provided a very simple pop-up showing:
 1) fingerprint of your key
 2) fingerprint of key to be verified
 3) an "OK" button to locally sign the key
I'm fine with Kgpg or some other keymanager providing the pop-up, but
the goal is to not confuse the user. If we automate as much as
possible and allow users to climb the security chain in small,
manageable steps, OpenPGP could actually see widespread use someday.
Outstanding Question:  How to pick an unauthenticated key?
If I'm replying to a signed message (and the reply-to address matches
a UID on the signing key), I would pick the key used to sign the
received message.  If I'm starting a new message, the choice is less
obvious.  When multiple keys with no trust path exist, David Shaw
proposes that we encrypt to all valid keys.  Shaw's solution kills
the common case of passive eavesdropping (i.e. it's better than what
we have now).  Refinements to Shaw's proposal using some form of
caching might be possible.
I love KMail and agree that it is almost there.  I could be wrong, but
I don't think the changes discussed above would be a major leap for
KMail or its users. I'll log my requests at bugs.kde.org, but I
thought it would be better to come to a consensus here first
[unlikely, but I have hope].
 - Yenot

@_date: 2003-05-16 00:09:02
@_author: Yenot 
@_subject: Opportunistic Encryption 
Hash: SHA1
I'm not proposing an anonymous system.  I'm proposing a system that
isn't dependant on public keyservers.  I'm also proposing a simpler
An example may be the best description, so I've written a rough draft.
I've broken OpenPGP use into 3 levels of sophistication.  Each level
can be attacked at the user's own pace.
Level 1: Opportunistic Encryption
For this level, the user just generates a key.  After that, the e-mail
client software does the following:
A) All outbound messages are signed. Mail is encrypted whenever the
   recipient's public key is available. (See my previous post for
   algorithms on key selection when multiple untrusted keys exist.)
B) When a signed message with an attached key is received, we verify
   that the attached key matches the key used to sign the message.
   If so, the key is automatically added to the local keyring.
C) If a received message is signed but not encrypted, any reply to
   the signature owner should have our public key automatically
   included as an attachment.
Eavesdropping protection is achieved after one round trip and no user
interaction or keyservers are required!
Level 2: User authenticates important communication links
Chances are, the user personally knows his/her most important
communication contacts.  The user calls these contacts on the phone
and exchanges fingerprints.  For this, the mail client provides a
simple (non-confusing) pop-up for fingerprint verification and the
creation of local signatures.
Once an e-mail contact has been verified, the client software rewards
the user for this important step with a beautiful secure lock icon
and feel-good colors on authenticated mail (see KMail for examples of
such feel-good colors).
Level 3:  Use of WoT and CAs (optional)
Sophisticated users and users with support from IT staff can use WoT
and CA schemes.  Keysigning parties can be thrown.  People can
install personal trust calculation plugins for their favorite OpenPGP
implementation and so on.
Less sophisticated users can just continue direct key exchanges with
important contacts.  They need not loose sleep at night thinking
about complicated graphs of key relationships and what trust
calculation algorithm best meets their security needs.
I was really hoping people on this list would have some good ideas.
IMO: Whoever came up with the excellent color schemes used by KMail
on signed and encrypted messages should be asked for advice.  Also, I
encourage everyone to read and think about the problem with
web-browsers and self-signed certificates.  Here's the link again:
Since web browsers and e-mail clients are tightly coupled these days,
some idea sharing on user-interfaces might be warranted.
 - Yenot

@_date: 2003-05-21 14:17:39
@_author: Yenot 
@_subject: Opportunistic Encryption 
Hash: SHA1
I intentionally left the robot-CA out of my proposal. Original post  With the public keyservers, robot verification serves a greater purpose.  Any moron can upload 1000 bogus keys for your e-mail address to the public keyservers. Those keys will stay on the servers forever. The robot-CA provides a way of getting around this non-temporary DOS attack.  The main objection people had to the robot-CA, was that it added more risk and complexity to an already complex system.  To me, this is/was a valid complaint, so I protocol I sketched out reduces complexity and infrastructure by eliminating the problematic public keyservers Since full key exchange occurs over the course of 3 messages (1.5 round trips I should have written in the original message), your assurance that addresses and keys correlate is already high.  For further assurance, key exchange was made as simple as possible.
 - Yenot

@_date: 2003-05-21 14:19:34
@_author: Yenot 
@_subject: Encouraging email security. 
Hash: SHA1
That's the wrong attitude. Cost is the problem -- clever UI is the solution! The lower the cost of encryption (workload and monetary costs), the more people will use it.  I've followed PGP for many years, and I'm more optimistic about it now than ever before.  Secure e-mail *can* be reborn.
The reason: A new class of *free*, full featured, e-mail clients with fully integrated OpenPGP support *has* appeared.  These OpenPGP enabled clients do not require expensive S/MIME certificates and their implementations are interoperable.  (Certificate cost being the dead-birth of S/MIME and interoperability being a major holdback for both S/MIME and OpenPGP in the past.)
If we can lower the cost of key distribution and authentication via innovative software design, rebirth of OpenPGP *can* happen.  Thanks to KMail and the latest commercial PGP, I am sending more encrypted e-mail than ever before! I'm borderline paranoid.  I've had my e-mail read numerous times and I've read others mail (by orders from superiors no less). Even for a user like myself, OpenPGP was nothing but a toy until KMail came to my rescue.  For me, KMail removed the pain of encrypted e-mail. But even now the cost is too high, we need to lower it further.
 - Yenot
