
@_date: 2011-06-18 18:04:34
@_author: 0 
@_subject: formatting of gpg blocks 
When including one gpg block inside another, as in public key inside a
signed message, there is a space created after the first dash.
Like here:

@_date: 2011-06-19 04:20:10
@_author: 0 
@_subject: formatting of gpg blocks 
Is this design better than one allowing the last END line to be the
closing one?
I see that nested blocks are possible, but is this format documented
I suppose I keep wondering where the format is described because when I
first came across this, I spent a lot of time trying to import the
public key embedded in a clear-signed message. I didn't realize that I
needed to decrypt it until you mentioned it. And now I'm trying to learn
how not to make that mistake again in general.
I see. I read that it is a good practice to sign one's public key before
giving it to other people. I thought they meant signing the key as a
message. Now that you clarified this, I went to seahorse, Names and
Signatures, sign key. It gives me a choice to let others see this
signature. Should I allow that? I would also appreciate it, if you could
explain how key certification is useful.

@_date: 2011-06-19 16:33:53
@_author: 0 
@_subject: formatting of gpg blocks 
This is my own public key. I was talking about signing my own public key
before giving it to other people. Maybe it is already signed, because
when I click on sign, nothing seems to change. However there is nothing
under the column 'signature id' next to my email. I guess those
recommendations were outdated if the key is already signed by default.
seahorse, however, might not be representative of what's actually going
on, so I went to kgpg and saw that were two signatures under my key: one
inside the key pair, and another inside the sub key. I couldn't delete

@_date: 2011-06-19 16:46:03
@_author: 0 
@_subject: GnuPG Shell installed but cannot be launched 
I download and installed GnuPG Shell .deb in ubuntu, and soft center
says it's installed; however I cannot launch it. It's not in the menu,
and running 'gnupgshell' doesn't work. I was trying to find a front end
more alike in capabilities with kgpg than with seahorse, but that works
better in gnome.
What's the problem with GnuPG Shell?
Can you suggest a better front end?
KGpg requires me to make certain kde config changes to make it suitable
for comfortable work, however, I don't know how to install kcontrol to
make those changes.
Package kcontrol is not available, but is referred to by another
This may mean that the package is missing, has been obsoleted, or
is only available from another source
However the following packages replace it:
  kdebase-workspace-bin kdebase-runtime kdelibs4c2a
Which one of kdebase-workspace-bin kdebase-runtime kdelibs4c2a should I
