
@_date: 2007-11-01 19:37:26
@_author: YYZ 
@_subject: A note to Atom Smasher [WAS: Subkey DSA signature changes...] 
Thanks! I can confirm that it doesn't work anymore. However, I have been able to hack the gpg code to do this, should I ever need to...
Hash used for computing signatures is different from the fingerprint.
It changes every time a new signature is generated. However, what you
stated is true for signature hashes too - they are computed just using
the public parts of the key.
Anyway, i got my answers from the gpg source code. When generating a
new subkey pair, for some reason, it generates the signature twice,
one for the public keyring and one for the private keyring. Can't see
the rationale behind it, since it's computed over the same data...
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

@_date: 2007-11-01 19:58:41
@_author: YYZ 
@_subject: Key safety vs Backup : History of a bad day (key-restoration 
Why not just pick a strong passphrase and mail a copy to all
your email accounts? You would only need to worry about remembering
the passphrase. One solution is to pick a bunch of friends who
regularly use pgp (maybe even the active members from this list),
encrypt the text of you passphrase to these recipients and keep
several copies of it at different places (and obviously not mail it
to any of the recipients). If ever you forget your passphrase, just
ask anyone from the recipient list to decrypt it for you. You can
then change the passphrase - no damage done! To be on the safe side, add a symmetric enc key too, with a simple password that you would
always remember...
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

@_date: 2007-10-29 18:11:22
@_author: YYZ 
@_subject: Subkey DSA signature changes after importing secret keyring 
Hi everyone!
Can anyone exlain this strange gpg behavior, observed when I follow
these steps?
I use gpg to generate a key-pair using default options (1024D/2048g).
Afterwards, I import the secret keyring into another account, and issue
the following commands "gpg --export" and "gpg --export-secret-key" in
both the accounts.
I noticed that while the second command yeilds identical results, the
output of the first command is slightly different in the two cases
(actually, just the last 44 bytes). A little analysis reveals that the
bytes that differ are really the two MPIs representing the "r" and "s"
components of the DSA signature for the ELG subkey.
Further, if I export my secret keyring to several different accounts/
computers, all of them end up with identical DSA signature for the
exported subkey (but it's different from the original signature). Can
someone please explain why is it like this?
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

@_date: 2007-10-30 18:59:12
@_author: YYZ 
@_subject: A note to Atom Smasher [WAS: Subkey DSA signature changes...] 
Going through the list archives, I came across a few of your postings
that seem to indicate that you have more insight into the way subkey
self-signatures are generated than what I can gather from the RFC. Arguably, it's one of the most confusing sections...
However, i didn't find any more posts from you explaining how did you
manage to generate the missing self-signatures on your subkeys. I'd
appreciate if you could share that knowledge with us...
Since the signatures are computed from the hash of the key material (which differs in the secret and the public key packets), I'd suppose
the secret subkey signature to be different from the public subkey
signature. However, that doesn't seem to be the case. I found out that
they actually have the same hash value. For some weird reason though,
the signature itself is different in case of newly generated keys.
But when importing from an exported private key or the secret keyring,
the secret subkey signature is just copied over to the private keyring.
Appreciate  if you could offer some insight into this.
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around
