
@_date: 2013-06-11 20:19:39
@_author: Zece 
@_subject: Why OpenPGP is not wanted - stupid is in vogue right now 
Henry Hertz Hobbit :
Lovely romance about the Good Ol' Days.
Only that was probably the stupidest era ever.
Just think a couple of minutes about it.
Medicine was making rapid improvements. Yet people were ready to
redefine a dumb blind god only to fit the new era.
A large country got beaten up because they wanted too much. Have they
learned anything? Nope. They blamed the a more intelectual ethnic
minority and glorified dumb work.
A few former colonies, that were close to 100% ?let the people of the
old countries? fight their own dumb wars left any reason and jumped in.
Some smart scientists that could study how to have energy for free at
no polution wasted their lives creating a weapon that could break the
Planet in two. And they were stupid enough to say it ?we're doing it
for the children? or something like that.
Other smart scientists worked not for the laundry machine that cleans
with 200ml of water, not about the home that heats the snow outside the
walls, but about new and creative way to push explosives over large
distances because people needed less cement and more skyes.
And while savages living in developed countries were getting together
to blame a race for the killing of an imaginary god that was so darn
important no writer outside its sect ever wrote about him for a few
centuries, savages living in deserts were discovering how big the whole
world was. New gods were taking a stand and asking for more land mines
and grenades to play like the big boys.
I know only one moment in history with deeper implications for the
future: when a young and blood thristy emperor changed the imperial god
and started winning with the new talismans. Which lead for two millenia
of darkness for a large part of the human kind. Only that time it took
centuries and not years for all to see the results.

@_date: 2013-05-22 08:59:45
@_author: Zece Anonimescu 
@_subject: Keyring on external encrypted drive 
Hey fellas!
For the sake of portability I was reading about keeping the keyring on a
removable drive. I searched online but I get other things. Is it
possible to have the keys some other place? How do I tell GnuPG on some
other computer that it should look on the drive, but not copy or move
the contents?

@_date: 2013-05-22 12:00:31
@_author: Zece Anonimescu 
@_subject: Keyring on external encrypted drive 
David Smith:
Sorry, I didn't think that's an issue. I alternate between Windows and
Linux boxes. Does that mean there is a solution for Linux and one for

@_date: 2013-05-22 12:01:10
@_author: Zece Anonimescu 
@_subject: Keyring on external encrypted drive 
Pete Stephenson:
Are they pregenerated? Or it's up to me to create and erase them?
Only 2048bits lenght.
It's sad even this kind of hardware shares the fate of video cards or
wifi sticks. This shouldn't be luck but open drivers and firmware. After
all one can understand Adobe for being such a pain, otherwise people
won't feel a need to buy their product. But for hardware people the game
is so much different because people can't download their products from
warez sites. And hiding the latest tweak is also stupid because there
are patents to protect them.
But thank you for the pointers. And ? priced store is handy.

@_date: 2013-05-23 10:17:15
@_author: Zece Anonimescu 
@_subject: Keyring on external encrypted drive 
Werner Koch:
That's wonderful news.
But I recall that both on Fedora and Debian I had trouble using GnuPG
2.x and I went back to 1.x. When I want to use a key, GnuPG pops up a
window that works only with the keyboard. And for strong key protection
I use long generated strings that I keep in a KeePass or KeePassX
wallet. Either with KeePass way of entering data, or by copy and paste I
was unable to feed the beast my 64 char string of random letters,
numbers and signs. And doing that by hand sure takes the fun out of it.
That's excellent! I am going to write down the name SCM. I know it's
unfair, but I started to default that hardware manufacturers default on
the opaque side. And that's not an issue exclusive to the Linux crowd.
Buying a nice scaner that boldly prints "XP drivers" while having
problems with previous versions is bad. Finding out a few years later
that nobody gives a fuck about drivers for 7 is even worse. Talking
about hardware that doesn't even bother to break in order to throw it
away and searching for something new.

@_date: 2013-05-23 10:49:39
@_author: Zece Anonimescu 
@_subject: [OT] Why are you using the GPG / PGP keys? 
Back in the days of PGP I generated quite a few keys. And toyed with
them as well. In time I discovered that people won't bother returning
the courtesy of signing. That people would rather make you read your
message over the phone than decrypt anything. And that a chain is a
strong as the weakest link so once encryption becomes spread is going to
be pretty useless.
I'm redescovering encryption from another point of view, the one of the
single user. As long as I do care about the data and I'm the sole user I
can employ whatever code I deem useful to make my data unreadable for a
third party, as long as the data does not leave my computer. Now I'm the
weakest link and I have no one to blame. Which is good. And along the
way I picked the anonymity concept. While in the real life that used to
be a given, same online there was no such thing. And I discover there
can be anonymity online. And that best code breakers use rubber hose
cryptography. So plausible deniability is something for a divorce trial.
That leads to the idea that having the cryptographic keys and signature
of one Emmanuel Goldstein instantly makes you Emmanuel Goldstein beyond
the proof of any photo ID telling another story.
So may I ask you why are you using the GPG keys?

@_date: 2013-05-23 15:37:53
@_author: Zece Anonimescu 
@_subject: Keyring on external encrypted drive 
Werner Koch:
Wrote that down. I'll do it next time.
Sorry for being thick. But when it comes to security and cryptography
one must be certain of understanding things. Do you mean that in
relation with KeePass? Because once a keylogger is installed the only
protection I see is detect it and remove it before it starts sending out
data. Or with gnome-keyring?
Anyway, would a onscreen keyboard would help against a keylogger?

@_date: 2013-05-24 21:09:40
@_author: Zece Anonimescu 
@_subject: [OT] Why are you using the GPG / PGP keys? 
Robert J. Hansen:> Rubber-hose cryptanalysis tips your target off to the
fact their
That's why there are enough holes in the laws of the so called Western
countries the law can keep you isolated for a long time. And in some
places with ridiculous orders of not using anything like a computer.
After 2001 they started building up laws to keep you as long as they
need. And you are going to be called suspect of terrorism.
But that is the romantic legend. If the people monitoring you would like
to make love to you they are going to tell the same story. What I see is
something like the story of Sabu from Lulzsec: make him an agent.
I was saying the same thing.
So the question was not for you.
I don't like the mass media estimates: the next big thing, the yesterday
thing, the dying thing. I thought for a good ten minutes and I could not
find ONE single thing that was how predicted.
Besides, email is not dying. It's plain stupid to support such idea.
Sorry for the bluntness. Back in 1992 a handful of people were using
emails. For serious business they went on Usenet. Today every two bit
service needs an email to authenticate, to change passwords, to send
newsletters, to confirm shipments, invoices, you name it. The trafic is
higher. The users are 1.000 fold. I don't know the size difference. I'm
pulling numbers from a bag. In 1992 it was a way of scamming the postal
service out of their cents for a stamp. Today all the internal papers in
companies of all sizes are sent by mail. Blackberry? That's email too!
Have you got my fax? That's email too!
And even the logic is stupid. How much time for a tech to die? Ten times
its age at the starting point? Gopher is dead. Maybe.
You are just twisting facts to suit your needs. Email might seem old.
But amazon sends the reminders on email. And he'd rather receive a Dear
John by email and not on some public forum.
Anyway, where do you get those averages? Do they have any base? Or is it
more like we went to the campus next door. For the sake of simplicity
we're going to call it a regular campus. Although it isn't. And we
passed flyers at a certain hour. Or better: did some cute poll on our
new AJAX site.
It's growing. So much that Facebook needed to get that too. Thus the man
in the middle attack by showing people an  fake email
instead of your real one. To protect the children who aren't alowed to
create an account obviously.
Could you expand on how email was created to ?free from the chains of
corporate control of data??
Purists call it open sewer. I see it as an almost sterile environment.
The Internet (in the context it should be capitalised) is far from
anarchic. It's rather closer to the world of 1984. And is NOT free for
all. That's momma's boy thinking, not some research.
For getting online one needs an ISP. A computer equiped with whatever
hardware is needed for connecting with the ISP. Time. And powerlines.
That's the very basic. And probably everybody can tell you that. I'd add
a certain level of English. And some computer litteracy. Also at the
very basic level. Maybe in your school district that isn't a problem.
But the world is somehow larger than your end of the World. And while
rich overweight reporters whine about they sent notes to their coleagues
with pen on paper and the kids of today are doing iThings, I'm going to
tell about children who don't get enough minerals. Who don't have access
to clean water. And don't receive vaccines. And they also die of those
problems while stupid white people want to make laws to protect their
precious walking sperm and eggs from the evil of faked autism because of
the same vaccines.
Anarchic? You might be right. There is one anarchism, say Emma Goldman.
And what society at large has been educated to see: the absence of laws,
and strong police intervention, lack of high tech weapons to protect the
lice in Johnny's hair from the dangers of people armed with bows and
arrows on the other side of the Earth.
I'd bet you they are going to those you call them gardens because they
are certain it's not going to be them the one that gets kicked out. Just
the thought would be enough not to join. Do you use any research or is
gut feeling against gut feeling?
So you're the one living in a walled garden. A child swearing is enough
to make an environment rude? It's only a child.
The rational choice of choosing Twitter after full page ads? Or because
the members of the government are there? The rational choice of ?there's
no equivalent?? And so on.

@_date: 2013-05-24 21:12:32
@_author: Zece Anonimescu 
@_subject: [OT] Why are you using the GPG / PGP keys? 
Fritz Wuehler:
I wasn't aware of this kind of argument. So if I have the key of EG, I
can walk away free just by saying they're stolen?
I am aware of the usage of asymetric keys in daily computing. SSL, TLS,
WPA, and so on. But why are YOU using the GPG keys?

@_date: 2013-05-25 10:29:26
@_author: Zece Anonimescu 
@_subject: [OT] Why are you using the GPG / PGP keys? 
Henry Hertz Hobbit:
You don't have to use email to avoid paying postage. Back in ?those
days? when people used to send letters instead of leaving unrelated
comments to Facebook statuses email wasn't the only mean of
communication. And it isn't today. Yet, today the postal service can
send you an email or SMS each time a parcel is delivered.
Quotation marks would have make a difference. It was a piece of an
imaginary dialogue: to make sure a fax has arrived people do use email.
They could use the phone, but the line can be busy. Well, I hear less
and less the busy signal over the phones. Nowadays the phone has more
lines, which does not enhance the abilities of the person on the other side.
Hence my initial question: why?

@_date: 2013-05-26 10:50:18
@_author: Zece Anonimescu 
@_subject: [OT] Why are you using the GPG / PGP keys? 
Zece Anonimescu:
According to Technology Review [1] some 154 billion emails are sent each
day. So much for a dying technology. I rest my case.

@_date: 2013-05-28 18:45:56
@_author: Zece Anonimescu 
@_subject: [OT] Why are you using the GPG / PGP keys? 
Doors should not have locks. So the best feature is marked as a failure?
You have attachments. You have ASCII output from gpg. How much more
?built in?? Sounds like a replacement of .conf files with the wonders of
the Windows Registry. How much wasted energy because Facebook PR told
dimwits something!

@_date: 2013-05-28 18:49:53
@_author: Zece Anonimescu 
@_subject: Relevance of e-mail (was [OT] Why are you using the GPG / PGP 
Peter Lebbing:
I'm the creator of the thread and also share the guilt of highjacking
the thread because of a stupid article. And I fully agree with you to
change the subject. So far I counted only two answers.

@_date: 2013-05-30 11:17:02
@_author: Zece Anonimescu 
@_subject: [OT] Why are you using the GPG / PGP keys? 
Nomen Nescio:
That WAS true. In a time before the legislation against terrorism. And
IF you had nothing to do with the (ridiculous name, heh?) intelligence.
Me thinks the difference is the people never bother to think the
concepts all the way. So it can be PLAUSIBLE DENIABILITY (PD) with
certain organisations which are willing to let go because they are
swamped in cases or the particular agent handling your case is quite
lazy. But it can also mean it can mean PLAUSIBLE GUILTY (PG). And while
PD works only once, PG can go ad infinitum. And don't forget there are
some organisations which activate worldwide for which any suspicion
means guilty without any respect for the facts.
