
@_date: 2007-11-22 18:15:33
@_author: zoeyyl.hung@jpmorgan.com 
@_subject: Error: this may be caused by a missing self-signature 
Dear support,
There is an error "this may be caused by a missing self-signature" when
partner sides import my public key?
They are using currently using gpg 1.4.7 under Windows Server 2003, my
questions are:
1) why causes the error?
2) Is it because they are using windows server 2003? can windows server
2003 works smoothly for gpg? as I see the supported systems exclude
that...Pls advise, thank you.
This communication is for informational purposes only. It is not
intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of
any financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any
transaction. All market prices, data and other information are not
warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are subject to change
without notice. Any comments or statements made herein do not
necessarily reflect those of JPMorgan Chase & Co., its subsidiaries
and affiliates. This transmission may contain information that is
privileged, confidential, legally privileged, and/or exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended
recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying,
distribution, or use of the information contained herein (including
any reliance thereon) is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Although this
transmission and any attachments are believed to be free of any
virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into
which it is received and opened, it is the responsibility of the
recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is
accepted by JPMorgan Chase & Co., its subsidiaries and affiliates,
as applicable, for any loss or damage arising in any way from its
use. If you received this transmission in error, please immediately
contact the sender and destroy the material in its entirety,
whether in electronic or hard copy format. Thank you. Please refer to  for
disclosures relating to UK legal entities.
