
@_date: 2010-02-19 20:53:11
@_author: Zy Zylek 
@_subject: Questions about "--group" for group encryptions. 
I'm looking for a way to include a group of people in gpg file
encryption/decryption (not email-based, just gpg encrypted files) without
having to incorporate individual names, yet also such that more people can
be added to the group in the future and that they will be able to access
previously encrypted files because they joined the group after the old files
were encrypted.
Does the "--group" option in gpg serve this purpose?
Or is there another way to go about it?
I checked the man file for gpg, read the bit on --group and similar
group-related information and it has this:
  --group name=value1
Sets up a named group, which is similar to aliases in email pro?
grams. Any time the group name is a recipient (-r or --recipi?
ent), it will be expanded to the values specified. Multiple
groups with the same name are automatically merged into a single
The values are key IDs or fingerprints, but any key description
is accepted. Note that a value with spaces in it will be treated
as two different values. Note also there is only one level of
expansion --- you cannot make an group that points to another
group. When used from the command line, it may be necessary to
quote the argument to this option to prevent the shell from
treating it as multiple arguments.
--ungroup name
Remove a given entry from the --group list.
Remove all entries from the --group list.
I found on a google search the following information someone provided
regarding adding a line to the gpg.conf file:
*group name_you_want_to_use = keyid1 keyid2 keyid3 keyid4*
That is a little confusing.
Does that mean that people with their own individual keys can be added or
removed from the group?
Does the group have its own key?
If an individual's key is in the group then can they decrypt files that have
been encrypted before they joined the group using the "group key" as
But if their key has been removed from the group then can they still decrypt
previous files that were encrypted using the "group key" as recipient?
If I add people to a group via gpg.conf (using the line in bold type font
above), and if I later want to add only one person to the group, can I add
them with the gpg command with option "--group name=value1" or must I
re-enter all of the previous keys in addition to the new one?
If I want to remove only one person from the group, can I do that with
either the gpg command and "--ungroup name" or alternately remove their
key/name from the line in the gpg.conf file?
Do I have to add their public key to my keyring before I can add their key
to the group?
If a "group key" (a singular "group recipient") can be created through
either "--group" or the group line in the gpg.conf, and if I create a group,
then will only I have administrative control over who is added/removed from
the group, or will anybody in the group be able to add/remove anybody from
the group?
Thank you for your help!

@_date: 2010-02-24 14:33:47
@_author: Zy Zylek 
@_subject: Questions about "--group" for group encryptions. 
I have been wanting to respond to the replies, and am now finally able to.
:) First, thank you to those who replied and offered the input.
In response to your replies...
RE: Adding/removing individual keys to/from a group:
The --group (or group config line) feature makes better sense now. I
understand now that individual keys can be added to or removed from a group
but the group function applies to each individual key within it.
RE: "Group Key":
While --group has nothing to do with a "group key", it looks like I can
create a public/private key pair and designate it as a group key. There is a
reduced level of effectiveness using this approach, yet it appears to be the
only effective means of a true group-based (not several individual-keys
based) type of shared encryption/decryption of files, and in a way that
might allow for the addition of new members to the group. Though, I suspect
if someone is removed that a new "group key" pair might have to be created,
which (if it happens often) might be a bit tedious.
RE: --group option, and adding individuals' public keys:
That makes sense - that I'd have to add "--group" members' public keys to my
keyring before I can add them to the "--group" list.
RE: --trust-model always flag set and "lsign":
What are the pros/cons to using that flag? At the moment, my main
private/public keypair has not (yet) been verified by a proper trust-type
authority (via photo ID, etc., etc.). I almost had it verified a while back
but was unable to meet with the person.
RE: Additions/subtractions from "--group" encryption requiring *every*
individual managing the group list separately:
Does this basically mean that, although one individual might have the same
recurring list of individuals (not requiring change), that the "--group"
function is essentially a one-time-only every-time type of feature (if
another individual in that group ends up adding/removing someone)?
RE: "Group Key" again:
While it's possible to use a shared group key, which allows for everyone to
encrypt/decrypt with that group keypair, is it possible to increase the
security (at least a little) - to prevent just anyone from getting the group
keypair - by requiring one specific user (or one user's individual keypair)
to serve as a means of authentication for permitting a new person to receive
that shared group keypair?
RE: "I think I understand what you've described above as far as it goes, but
how about a little more detail?"
I think that my concept is perhaps the reverse of the "--group" gpg feature.
Rather than have a list of public keys of different individuals compiled as
a group, which also allows for any member of that group to alter who is
included/excluded, I'd like to have one single group keypair (or an
alternative to this, if one is available) with which only I can add/remove
which public keys of different individuals have access to either that group
keypair (or alternative).
RE: "Are you working with one file, or a lot of files?"
A lot of files.
RE: "Will the set of files be static, or at some future time might more
files be added to the list of things that the users will need to access?"
If you mean static similar to how one might compare static to dynamic, then
the files will be static, in the sense that they will not be edited in the
future. However, at some future time there will definitely be more (new)
files added to the list of things that users will need to access.
RE: "Will the users be given copies of the encrypted files?"
I'm not sure I understand your question. In the literal sense, yes. This
might help a little:
User A is group admin, she has file 1, she encrypts it for the group.
Any user with access to group-encrypted files can decrypt file 1.
User B has file 2, she encrypts it for the group.
Any user with access to group-encrypted files can decrypt file 2.
User C has file 3, she encrypts it for the group.
Any user with access to group-encrypted files can decrypt file 3.
User A removes User B from the group, "B" can no longer encrypt/decrypt.
User B has no access to group-encrypted files (old: 1, 2, 3, or new: 4+).
User A adds User D to the group, "D" has access to group-encrypted files.
User D has access to group-encrypted files (old: 1, 2, 3, or new: 4+).
User D has file 4, she encrypts it for the group.
Any user with access to group-encrypted files can decrypt file 4.
RE: "Is what you want a full many-to-many encryption/decryption
functionality with minimum keyage and non-static membership in "many"?"
I think my ABCD/1234 example above pretty much sums things up but let me see
if I understand what you're asking.
By "full many-to-many encryption/decryption functionality", do you mean many
people and many files? Basically yes (to that).
By "minimum keyage", do you mean functionality with as few keys as possible?
If that, then not necessarily. If it is possible to collaborate the
advantages of having a different key per individual, and yet they all depend
on one group keypair (that only User A administrates (adds/removes
individuals' keys)) in order to encrypt/decrypt group files, then I do not
want minimum keyage (if that's what that means).
RE: "By that model maybe what you describe is some PuK which "many" knows
and can encrypt with, and an associated PrK which "many" also knows and can
decrypt with?"
Referencing the model you mentioned - that is using public key to encrypt
and private key to decrypt - it sounds like it might (or might not?) be
possible (or useful?) to have a separate group public key and a separate
group private key, yet to not have them actually function as a "pair"
(together), or are you asking something else? I'm not sure I understand that
RE: "And people can be added to "many" as you please?"
If I understand correctly, then yes, adding or removing individuals only by
the administrator of the group-key (or group-keypair).
RE: "...expandable/deflatable set of "ones" for mass one-to-one..."
I don't understand that, sorry, could you paraphrase your "one" and "one"
type description that you provided? It was somewhat confusing.
Here is your original explanation:
"...which would involve the complexity and time to manage encryption to a
different PuK for each "one" in the set, including each "one" in a currrent
set would need to know the PuK of every other "one" in that set.  And when a
new "one" were added to the set, in order to give them access to past
encrypted files somehow all previously encrypted files would have to be
reencrypted to the new "one"'s PuK so the new "one" too could read the old
Does your explanation match my User A, B, C, D and file 1, 2, 3, 4 example?
RE: "Alternatively, if what you want is one-to-many, you can see how that
could be arranged similar to either of the above."
I might be confusing what "many-to-many", "one-to-many", or "one-to-one"
mean). What do those terms mean?
This might not makes, mostly because I don't think I yet understand those 3
terms, but I would be interested in implemented a "layered" type of approach
if necessary, where potential low-security methods of one approach could be
remedied if that approach is "contained within" a higher-security method of
another approach. (I hope that didn't sound confusing.)
Thank you everybody for your responses!
